Hello, my beautiful lippies. Welcome to Hello, my beautiful lippies. Welcome to Hello, my beautiful lippies. Welcome to a new vlog. I'm greeting you from my bed a new vlog. I'm greeting you from my bed a new vlog. I'm greeting you from my bed where I wish I stayed a little bit where I wish I stayed a little bit where I wish I stayed a little bit longer this morning and I wish I had a longer this morning and I wish I had a longer this morning and I wish I had a coffee in my hand, but we've been away coffee in my hand, but we've been away coffee in my hand, but we've been away for 10 days. There's literally nothing for 10 days. There's literally nothing for 10 days. There's literally nothing in the house. I'll show you how empty in the house. I'll show you how empty in the house. I'll show you how empty the fridge is later. I need to do a the fridge is later. I need to do a the fridge is later. I need to do a restock, a little bit of a shop. We need restock, a little bit of a shop. We need restock, a little bit of a shop. We need to unpack. We need to reset and just to unpack. We need to reset and just to unpack. We need to reset and just kind of get back into routine. But I'm kind of get back into routine. But I'm kind of get back into routine. But I'm so freaking excited. You'll see now why. so freaking excited. You'll see now why. so freaking excited. You'll see now why. A bunch of people are coming to the A bunch of people are coming to the A bunch of people are coming to the house to shoot content for Cleanedia. house to shoot content for Cleanedia. house to shoot content for Cleanedia. So, I [snorts] have to get up. I have to So, I [snorts] have to get up. I have to So, I [snorts] have to get up. I have to get ready. I have to prep the house. get ready. I have to prep the house. get ready. I have to prep the house. Make sure everything is in tiptop shape. >> [music] >> So she note me. >> So she note me. >> So she note me. >> Oh yes. [laughter] >> Oh yes. [laughter] >> Oh yes. [laughter] >> Hi guys. >> That is a wrap. My face. I wish we could >> That is a wrap. My face. I wish we could >> That is a wrap. My face. I wish we could just chill and not do anything, but we just chill and not do anything, but we just chill and not do anything, but we have some unpacking to do. Heat. [music] Heat. N. >> [music] >> Guess has been busy unpacking the whole >> Guess has been busy unpacking the whole >> Guess has been busy unpacking the whole day. I'm off to the gym and I'm just day. I'm off to the gym and I'm just day. I'm off to the gym and I'm just going to take the car out for a wash. going to take the car out for a wash. going to take the car out for a wash. I'm going to show you the before. Here I'm going to show you the before. Here I'm going to show you the before. Here is the before. It looks like we brought is the before. It looks like we brought is the before. It looks like we brought some sand with from Cape Town or Durban. some sand with from Cape Town or Durban. some sand with from Cape Town or Durban. I'm not sure what beach we visited, but I'm not sure what beach we visited, but I'm not sure what beach we visited, but looked like we had fun. [music] You can tell that I have missed being You can tell that I have missed being You can tell that I have missed being home so much because I am just in my home so much because I am just in my home so much because I am just in my zone, packing things away, organizing, zone, packing things away, organizing, zone, packing things away, organizing, cleaning. It's coming together nicely. I cleaning. It's coming together nicely. I cleaning. It's coming together nicely. I managed to completely sweep my office managed to completely sweep my office managed to completely sweep my office just so that I have a clear if I have a just so that I have a clear if I have a just so that I have a clear if I have a clear space, I have a clear and clean clear space, I have a clear and clean clear space, I have a clear and clean clutter-free mind. But I always do this clutter-free mind. But I always do this clutter-free mind. But I always do this whenever I travel because you know what? whenever I travel because you know what? whenever I travel because you know what? When I travel, I have limited outfits When I travel, I have limited outfits When I travel, I have limited outfits and I have limited things to choose and I have limited things to choose and I have limited things to choose from. And I have always loved that from. And I have always loved that from. And I have always loved that feeling. I am in a constant battle feeling. I am in a constant battle feeling. I am in a constant battle between loving between loving between loving buying things, which I do love uh and buying things, which I do love uh and buying things, which I do love uh and owning things, but I also love just owning things, but I also love just owning things, but I also love just having little. And the older I get, the having little. And the older I get, the having little. And the older I get, the less I have, the happier I am. Like if less I have, the happier I am. Like if less I have, the happier I am. Like if things are organized, if you have less things are organized, if you have less things are organized, if you have less things, you will be more organized. Um, things, you will be more organized. Um, things, you will be more organized. Um, but there is like a fine balance between but there is like a fine balance between but there is like a fine balance between enjoying shopping and like having things enjoying shopping and like having things enjoying shopping and like having things and being organized. And it's like a and being organized. And it's like a and being organized. And it's like a constant if you are not happy with constant if you are not happy with constant if you are not happy with something and like like I said, the something and like like I said, the something and like like I said, the older I get, the more I'm like I really older I get, the more I'm like I really older I get, the more I'm like I really want things that I just absolutely love. want things that I just absolutely love. want things that I just absolutely love. Um, and these lamps. I still like them, Um, and these lamps. I still like them, Um, and these lamps. I still like them, but yeah, I just I'm not feeling them but yeah, I just I'm not feeling them but yeah, I just I'm not feeling them for this space anymore. So, I'm thinking for this space anymore. So, I'm thinking for this space anymore. So, I'm thinking of of of um maybe selling them to someone or just um maybe selling them to someone or just um maybe selling them to someone or just giving them to someone. I got them from giving them to someone. I got them from giving them to someone. I got them from Atcom, so they're really good quality. Atcom, so they're really good quality. Atcom, so they're really good quality. Here is a little closeup. It's kind of Here is a little closeup. It's kind of Here is a little closeup. It's kind of like a bubble crackling like a bubble crackling like a bubble crackling silver. So, they do look really nice, silver. So, they do look really nice, silver. So, they do look really nice, but like I said, I just want something but like I said, I just want something but like I said, I just want something fresh and something new for the bedroom. fresh and something new for the bedroom. fresh and something new for the bedroom. I really love this I really love this I really love this like woven kind of basket texture. You like woven kind of basket texture. You like woven kind of basket texture. You know, I love my baskets. So, that's what know, I love my baskets. So, that's what know, I love my baskets. So, that's what kind of drew me to them. I got them from kind of drew me to them. I got them from kind of drew me to them. I got them from Woolly's. They were just over 1,000 Woolly's. They were just over 1,000 Woolly's. They were just over 1,000 rand. I think these ones were also like rand. I think these ones were also like rand. I think these ones were also like 1,000 or 1 and a half. Um, lamp shades 1,000 or 1 and a half. Um, lamp shades 1,000 or 1 and a half. Um, lamp shades are quite expensive and I feel like it's are quite expensive and I feel like it's are quite expensive and I feel like it's something that you can easily switch out something that you can easily switch out something that you can easily switch out and just create like a whole new vibe. and just create like a whole new vibe. and just create like a whole new vibe. So, that's what we're going to do. I So, that's what we're going to do. I So, that's what we're going to do. I feel like you can create you can easily feel like you can create you can easily feel like you can create you can easily and affordably kind of [laughter] create and affordably kind of [laughter] create and affordably kind of [laughter] create a new vibe with just little decor a new vibe with just little decor a new vibe with just little decor accents. So, I think I don't know. Let's accents. So, I think I don't know. Let's accents. So, I think I don't know. Let's switch these out and see if I like this switch these out and see if I like this switch these out and see if I like this better. [music] >> [music] >> So, let me know what you think. Which >> So, let me know what you think. Which >> So, let me know what you think. Which side do you like better? I like this side do you like better? I like this side do you like better? I like this side better. I feel like it brings a side better. I feel like it brings a side better. I feel like it brings a little bit more of an organic. It little bit more of an organic. It little bit more of an organic. It actually really picks up on the actually really picks up on the actually really picks up on the nightstand very nicely. It's almost like nightstand very nicely. It's almost like nightstand very nicely. It's almost like bringing the vacation inside your home. bringing the vacation inside your home. bringing the vacation inside your home. It feels like the home went on a It feels like the home went on a It feels like the home went on a vacation and it has like just a little vacation and it has like just a little vacation and it has like just a little bit of that vacation glow now. bit of that vacation glow now. bit of that vacation glow now. >> [music] >> The reality of getting back from a trip >> The reality of getting back from a trip >> The reality of getting back from a trip having so much admin, so much laundry. having so much admin, so much laundry. having so much admin, so much laundry. I'm actually just tired. I'm actually just tired. I'm actually just tired. Having my bone broth because we have Having my bone broth because we have Having my bone broth because we have literally no other food in the house. I literally no other food in the house. I literally no other food in the house. I need to make an order. need to make an order. need to make an order. Got a couple of things for yesterday. Uh Got a couple of things for yesterday. Uh Got a couple of things for yesterday. Uh the brand team sent that over. The the brand team sent that over. The the brand team sent that over. The Cleanedia team sent over like a bunch of Cleanedia team sent over like a bunch of Cleanedia team sent over like a bunch of things for us to eat. So, we have some things for us to eat. So, we have some things for us to eat. So, we have some of that left over, but other than that, of that left over, but other than that, of that left over, but other than that, the fridge is empty. I am actually not the fridge is empty. I am actually not the fridge is empty. I am actually not going to order going to order going to order anything until I get back. I'm eating anything until I get back. I'm eating anything until I get back. I'm eating out again. I have a flight at 5:30 out again. I have a flight at 5:30 out again. I have a flight at 5:30 tomorrow morning to Cape Town for the tomorrow morning to Cape Town for the tomorrow morning to Cape Town for the day and then I think I fly back at 7. day and then I think I fly back at 7. day and then I think I fly back at 7. So, and Bren is going to be out, so he's So, and Bren is going to be out, so he's So, and Bren is going to be out, so he's going to be at the office. So, there's going to be at the office. So, there's going to be at the office. So, there's no need for me to stress and worry about no need for me to stress and worry about no need for me to stress and worry about groceries today. But I groceries today. But I groceries today. But I there is a reason for me to stress and there is a reason for me to stress and there is a reason for me to stress and worry about these nails because I have worry about these nails because I have worry about these nails because I have one piece of content to film today and I one piece of content to film today and I one piece of content to film today and I have quite a bit of editing and I also have quite a bit of editing and I also have quite a bit of editing and I also like if my nails look crap, I feel crap. like if my nails look crap, I feel crap. like if my nails look crap, I feel crap. So, yeah, I'm going to just do my own So, yeah, I'm going to just do my own So, yeah, I'm going to just do my own nails quickly. I recently I'm so sorry nails quickly. I recently I'm so sorry nails quickly. I recently I'm so sorry for the state of me. I'm wearing this for the state of me. I'm wearing this for the state of me. I'm wearing this Nivia Nivia Nivia blanket um blanket um blanket um hoodie dress kind of thing. I actually hoodie dress kind of thing. I actually hoodie dress kind of thing. I actually slept in it last night because I was so slept in it last night because I was so slept in it last night because I was so cold. Um but I'm just going to look like cold. Um but I'm just going to look like cold. Um but I'm just going to look like this until I have to get ready for this until I have to get ready for this until I have to get ready for my video that I have to shoot a little my video that I have to shoot a little my video that I have to shoot a little bit later because my deadline is today. bit later because my deadline is today. bit later because my deadline is today. I was supposed to shoot it while I was I was supposed to shoot it while I was I was supposed to shoot it while I was in Durban, but [snorts] I show I I shot in Durban, but [snorts] I show I I shot in Durban, but [snorts] I show I I shot so many things in Durban. I just I felt so many things in Durban. I just I felt so many things in Durban. I just I felt like it was overkill. I don't want to do like it was overkill. I don't want to do like it was overkill. I don't want to do too much content in Durban and then post too much content in Durban and then post too much content in Durban and then post like everything when I come back. But like everything when I come back. But like everything when I come back. But yeah, I recently shared with you that I yeah, I recently shared with you that I yeah, I recently shared with you that I got rid of got rid of got rid of all of my gels because it's come back a all of my gels because it's come back a all of my gels because it's come back a little bit. I think it's maybe just from little bit. I think it's maybe just from little bit. I think it's maybe just from I don't know, but I feel a little bit. I don't know, but I feel a little bit. I don't know, but I feel a little bit. There's always like some redness over There's always like some redness over There's always like some redness over here. You can probably see it right over here. You can probably see it right over here. You can probably see it right over there. It's contact dermatitis. So, I am there. It's contact dermatitis. So, I am there. It's contact dermatitis. So, I am allergic to certain allergic to certain allergic to certain nail gels. So, the gel that I normally nail gels. So, the gel that I normally nail gels. So, the gel that I normally use is biosculpture use is biosculpture use is biosculpture that the girl that does my nails, she that the girl that does my nails, she that the girl that does my nails, she uses only bioculture and they don't have uses only bioculture and they don't have uses only bioculture and they don't have like any harmful ingredients in them. like any harmful ingredients in them. like any harmful ingredients in them. Some of the gels that I had did, so I Some of the gels that I had did, so I Some of the gels that I had did, so I threw them out. And the ones that I'm threw them out. And the ones that I'm threw them out. And the ones that I'm left with is by the brand Mascara. They left with is by the brand Mascara. They left with is by the brand Mascara. They also have like a also have like a also have like a non non non hypoallergenic like a non um allergic hypoallergenic like a non um allergic hypoallergenic like a non um allergic non-toxic non-toxic non-toxic one. But this one says that it doesn't one. But this one says that it doesn't one. But this one says that it doesn't have those ingredients like hemma have those ingredients like hemma have those ingredients like hemma acryate. acryate. acryate. Those are the type of ingredients that Those are the type of ingredients that Those are the type of ingredients that cause like a flare up for me. So yeah, I cause like a flare up for me. So yeah, I cause like a flare up for me. So yeah, I would just go to Ingrid, but there's no would just go to Ingrid, but there's no would just go to Ingrid, but there's no booking. booking. booking. And also, to be honest, I don't I don't And also, to be honest, I don't I don't And also, to be honest, I don't I don't feel like driving anywhere, going feel like driving anywhere, going feel like driving anywhere, going anywhere, sitting, getting my nails anywhere, sitting, getting my nails anywhere, sitting, getting my nails done. So, I'm going to watch some done. So, I'm going to watch some done. So, I'm going to watch some YouTube and I'm just going to do YouTube and I'm just going to do YouTube and I'm just going to do something very natural just so that it something very natural just so that it something very natural just so that it doesn't look doesn't look doesn't look like this. [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> My bees, I still >> My bees, I still >> My bees, I still in my pajamas. I have been glued to that in my pajamas. I have been glued to that in my pajamas. I have been glued to that couch and glued to the screens, editing, couch and glued to the screens, editing, couch and glued to the screens, editing, scheduling stuff since being away for a scheduling stuff since being away for a scheduling stuff since being away for a couple of weeks, just scheduling, you couple of weeks, just scheduling, you couple of weeks, just scheduling, you know, the next couple of weeks. I'm know, the next couple of weeks. I'm know, the next couple of weeks. I'm going to make myself a little Should I going to make myself a little Should I going to make myself a little Should I make peppermint make peppermint make peppermint or chamomile? Chamomile. So, I'm going to make myself Chamomile. So, I'm going to make myself Chamomile. So, I'm going to make myself a little tea and then I'm going to take a little tea and then I'm going to take a little tea and then I'm going to take a bath. I don't know if this is a little a bath. I don't know if this is a little a bath. I don't know if this is a little bit TMI. I Googled it and I asked Chad. bit TMI. I Googled it and I asked Chad. bit TMI. I Googled it and I asked Chad. Um, I've been getting Um, I've been getting Um, I've been getting since Cape Town actually, and it's just since Cape Town actually, and it's just since Cape Town actually, and it's just gotten progressively worse, gotten progressively worse, gotten progressively worse, like little pimples on my bum. And I like little pimples on my bum. And I like little pimples on my bum. And I also got two over here under my arms. also got two over here under my arms. also got two over here under my arms. And it can be apparently it can be from And it can be apparently it can be from And it can be apparently it can be from like sleeping in an unfamiliar bed or like sleeping in an unfamiliar bed or like sleeping in an unfamiliar bed or using towels. It's common, you know, if using towels. It's common, you know, if using towels. It's common, you know, if you travel, but I've never you travel, but I've never you travel, but I've never gotten that. So, I'm going to take gotten that. So, I'm going to take gotten that. So, I'm going to take another Epsom salt bath tonight. Rain is another Epsom salt bath tonight. Rain is another Epsom salt bath tonight. Rain is at the cricket. I have one that's um at the cricket. I have one that's um at the cricket. I have one that's um pretty close to my private parts. So, pretty close to my private parts. So, pretty close to my private parts. So, [snorts] when I walk, and that's also [snorts] when I walk, and that's also [snorts] when I walk, and that's also the reason why I wasn't very active the reason why I wasn't very active the reason why I wasn't very active today. Um, I would normally be going for today. Um, I would normally be going for today. Um, I would normally be going for my walks and, you know, getting back my walks and, you know, getting back my walks and, you know, getting back into routine, going to the gym, but it's into routine, going to the gym, but it's into routine, going to the gym, but it's actually like a little bit painful, the actually like a little bit painful, the actually like a little bit painful, the one like in between. one like in between. one like in between. It's like not not there, but it's like It's like not not there, but it's like It's like not not there, but it's like almost there. Um, so I have no idea what almost there. Um, so I have no idea what almost there. Um, so I have no idea what I'm going to wear tomorrow for a travel I'm going to wear tomorrow for a travel I'm going to wear tomorrow for a travel day in and out of Cape Town, but we're day in and out of Cape Town, but we're day in and out of Cape Town, but we're going to see now. I quickly want to see going to see now. I quickly want to see going to see now. I quickly want to see what I want to wear before I take a what I want to wear before I take a what I want to wear before I take a bath. You actually won't believe You actually won't believe You actually won't believe who I'm going to Cape Town with who I'm going to Cape Town with who I'm going to Cape Town with tomorrow. tomorrow. tomorrow. I'm going with Mercedes. I'm going with Mercedes. I'm going with Mercedes. I drove a Mercedes for so long and it's I drove a Mercedes for so long and it's I drove a Mercedes for so long and it's still one of my favorite car brands. So, still one of my favorite car brands. So, still one of my favorite car brands. So, they're launching I think the new CLA. they're launching I think the new CLA. they're launching I think the new CLA. Like the invite was like all red and Like the invite was like all red and Like the invite was like all red and everything. The pants I want to wear is everything. The pants I want to wear is everything. The pants I want to wear is in the wash, but I was thinking like in the wash, but I was thinking like in the wash, but I was thinking like this coat and then like a little touch this coat and then like a little touch this coat and then like a little touch of red. Maybe my red little fishnetss, of red. Maybe my red little fishnetss, of red. Maybe my red little fishnetss, big brown bag, but I'm going to wear it big brown bag, but I'm going to wear it big brown bag, but I'm going to wear it this way around though. Okay, outfit this way around though. Okay, outfit this way around though. Okay, outfit sorted. Have to get up pretty early sorted. Have to get up pretty early sorted. Have to get up pretty early tomorrow morning. My I have to be at the tomorrow morning. My I have to be at the tomorrow morning. My I have to be at the airport probably at 5. So, I have to airport probably at 5. So, I have to airport probably at 5. So, I have to wake up, travel to the airport and wake up, travel to the airport and wake up, travel to the airport and everything. So, I kind of it's half 7. I everything. So, I kind of it's half 7. I everything. So, I kind of it's half 7. I kind of want to get an early night, so kind of want to get an early night, so kind of want to get an early night, so I'm just going to take a bath and then I'm just going to take a bath and then I'm just going to take a bath and then edit a little bit uh while brain is edit a little bit uh while brain is edit a little bit uh while brain is still at the cricket. And then I'm just still at the cricket. And then I'm just still at the cricket. And then I'm just going to go to bed very, very early. Um going to go to bed very, very early. Um going to go to bed very, very early. Um for dinner, I didn't show. We had a for dinner, I didn't show. We had a for dinner, I didn't show. We had a chicken ka. Brain brought home a chicken chicken ka. Brain brought home a chicken chicken ka. Brain brought home a chicken ka from work. Like I said, we are not ka from work. Like I said, we are not ka from work. Like I said, we are not going to be home tomorrow going to be home tomorrow going to be home tomorrow and only back like fully home from like and only back like fully home from like and only back like fully home from like Thursday. I also rescheduled my content Thursday. I also rescheduled my content Thursday. I also rescheduled my content to film when I'm back. Yeah, I've been to film when I'm back. Yeah, I've been to film when I'm back. Yeah, I've been it feels like I've been stretching it feels like I've been stretching it feels like I've been stretching myself a little bit thin. So, I just myself a little bit thin. So, I just myself a little bit thin. So, I just want to manage so that I don't get a want to manage so that I don't get a want to manage so that I don't get a burnout. There's just a lot going on. burnout. There's just a lot going on. burnout. There's just a lot going on. Very exciting things, must I say. I Very exciting things, must I say. I Very exciting things, must I say. I mean, what a blessing it is to be this mean, what a blessing it is to be this mean, what a blessing it is to be this busy. [music] >> [music] >> Okay, sit there. >> Okay, sit there. >> Okay, sit there. >> Oh yeah. >> [music] >> I am so glad to be off that plane. ear. >> I am so glad to be off that plane. ear. >> I am so glad to be off that plane. ear. My bum hurts and someone kept farting My bum hurts and someone kept farting My bum hurts and someone kept farting and I'll probably understand this when I and I'll probably understand this when I and I'll probably understand this when I have kids one day and I'll have to have kids one day and I'll have to have kids one day and I'll have to entertain them on on the plane. But entertain them on on the plane. But entertain them on on the plane. But earphones earphones She's the type She's the type She's the type who will get what she wants. Doesn't who will get what she wants. Doesn't who will get what she wants. Doesn't hide hide hide always out [music] in the sun. And it always out [music] in the sun. And it always out [music] in the sun. And it kills me slowly. [music] kills me slowly. [music] kills me slowly. [music] See it. See it. See it. From the first kilometer ever driven to From the first kilometer ever driven to From the first kilometer ever driven to a mind that now drives with you. Every headlight through the dark. Every headlight through the dark. Every headlight through the dark. Every breakthrough has led here. I am the intelligence of the all new CLA I am the intelligence of the all new CLA I am the intelligence of the all new CLA and I'm still learning from you as me by and I'm still learning from you as me by and I'm still learning from you as me by in the city of dreams. Wish that I in the city of dreams. Wish that I in the city of dreams. Wish that I have the power in me, but I'm just too have the power in me, but I'm just too have the power in me, but I'm just too much. [music] much. [music] much. [music] My turn to drive. My turn to drive. My turn to drive. I love being a passenger princess, but I love being a passenger princess, but I love being a passenger princess, but we have to experience this beauty. we have to experience this beauty. we have to experience this beauty. >> [music] >> My lippies, I am in the car again. I >> My lippies, I am in the car again. I >> My lippies, I am in the car again. I should be um should be um should be um resting and like lying down because I resting and like lying down because I resting and like lying down because I thought the walking was going to be a thought the walking was going to be a thought the walking was going to be a problem yesterday, but the sitting problem yesterday, but the sitting problem yesterday, but the sitting obviously driving to the airport, flight obviously driving to the airport, flight obviously driving to the airport, flight there, flight back, driving in the car, there, flight back, driving in the car, there, flight back, driving in the car, beautiful Mercedes, the brand new CLA beautiful Mercedes, the brand new CLA beautiful Mercedes, the brand new CLA 200 drives like an absolute dream. 200 drives like an absolute dream. 200 drives like an absolute dream. Yesterday was such a dream day for me, Yesterday was such a dream day for me, Yesterday was such a dream day for me, but I was in a lot of pain. Like even but I was in a lot of pain. Like even but I was in a lot of pain. Like even today, I just came back from Centurion. today, I just came back from Centurion. today, I just came back from Centurion. So I drove about 45 minutes there and So I drove about 45 minutes there and So I drove about 45 minutes there and back um for my scans for my dental back um for my scans for my dental back um for my scans for my dental implants. So they took like scans of my implants. So they took like scans of my implants. So they took like scans of my entire jaw, my gums, my teeth, and entire jaw, my gums, my teeth, and entire jaw, my gums, my teeth, and everything. So everything. So everything. So we're going to do like a metal screw we're going to do like a metal screw we're going to do like a metal screw implant, and then the tooth is going to implant, and then the tooth is going to implant, and then the tooth is going to be on top. So wearing this for 4 months be on top. So wearing this for 4 months be on top. So wearing this for 4 months is finally coming to an end. Listen, I'm is finally coming to an end. Listen, I'm is finally coming to an end. Listen, I'm very thankful for it because I don't very thankful for it because I don't very thankful for it because I don't look like that when I smile. But yeah, I look like that when I smile. But yeah, I look like that when I smile. But yeah, I am very excited. I'm going to be put on am very excited. I'm going to be put on am very excited. I'm going to be put on antibiotics anyways next week. So, I antibiotics anyways next week. So, I antibiotics anyways next week. So, I figured it'll be a waste to go to the figured it'll be a waste to go to the figured it'll be a waste to go to the doctor and find out whatever this is. doctor and find out whatever this is. doctor and find out whatever this is. Um, but yeah, I'm trying to I took Um, but yeah, I'm trying to I took Um, but yeah, I'm trying to I took another bath last night with a lot of another bath last night with a lot of another bath last night with a lot of Epsom salt. I think I should actually go Epsom salt. I think I should actually go Epsom salt. I think I should actually go get more Epsom salts because that is get more Epsom salts because that is get more Epsom salts because that is really helping. hypocchlorous acid spray really helping. hypocchlorous acid spray really helping. hypocchlorous acid spray multiple times a day, like whenever I go multiple times a day, like whenever I go multiple times a day, like whenever I go to the toilet or just whenever. It's to the toilet or just whenever. It's to the toilet or just whenever. It's really helping. And bum cream. The bum really helping. And bum cream. The bum really helping. And bum cream. The bum cream is helping. I think it's zinc cream is helping. I think it's zinc cream is helping. I think it's zinc oxide that o um that's helping with the oxide that o um that's helping with the oxide that o um that's helping with the barrier repair and just to kind of barrier repair and just to kind of barrier repair and just to kind of soothe the area because it's very soothe the area because it's very soothe the area because it's very inflamed like my inner thighs, kind of inflamed like my inner thighs, kind of inflamed like my inner thighs, kind of like my bikini area and my bum and like my bikini area and my bum and like my bikini area and my bum and sitting. Oh, but I'm at Woolly's. Um, I sitting. Oh, but I'm at Woolly's. Um, I sitting. Oh, but I'm at Woolly's. Um, I haven't purchased groceries. haven't purchased groceries. haven't purchased groceries. We have zero food in the house. We have We have zero food in the house. We have We have zero food in the house. We have been ordering and just getting takeaway, been ordering and just getting takeaway, been ordering and just getting takeaway, but I'm going to get a full chicken and but I'm going to get a full chicken and but I'm going to get a full chicken and I'm going to get like a couple of salads I'm going to get like a couple of salads I'm going to get like a couple of salads because our water is also off. because our water is also off. because our water is also off. So, we can't be cooking and all of that. So, we can't be cooking and all of that. So, we can't be cooking and all of that. So, I'm just going to quickly to So, I'm just going to quickly to So, I'm just going to quickly to Woolly's. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The pressure Woolly's. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The pressure Woolly's. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The pressure is getting worse. is getting worse. is getting worse. Just a quick little grocery haul. Got Just a quick little grocery haul. Got Just a quick little grocery haul. Got the waters. Um, and then the chicken. the waters. Um, and then the chicken. the waters. Um, and then the chicken. Pretty much things that we can eat Pretty much things that we can eat Pretty much things that we can eat without making dishes. I think this is without making dishes. I think this is without making dishes. I think this is going to be dinner. This is going to be going to be dinner. This is going to be going to be dinner. This is going to be lunch probably with the chicken and just lunch probably with the chicken and just lunch probably with the chicken and just a whole bunch of fresh goodies. I'm a whole bunch of fresh goodies. I'm a whole bunch of fresh goodies. I'm trying this kefir. I tried a couple of trying this kefir. I tried a couple of trying this kefir. I tried a couple of their keier products before, like the their keier products before, like the their keier products before, like the fruity ones, but instead of yogurt, this fruity ones, but instead of yogurt, this fruity ones, but instead of yogurt, this time I'm getting this keier cuz I like time I'm getting this keier cuz I like time I'm getting this keier cuz I like to dip like I just I have yogurt with to dip like I just I have yogurt with to dip like I just I have yogurt with just about every meal. So, yeah, this is just about every meal. So, yeah, this is just about every meal. So, yeah, this is a quick little, you know, reset grocery a quick little, you know, reset grocery a quick little, you know, reset grocery haul. Not too many things. I'm probably haul. Not too many things. I'm probably haul. Not too many things. I'm probably going to pop into the grocery store going to pop into the grocery store going to pop into the grocery store again after church on Sunday. I'm so again after church on Sunday. I'm so again after church on Sunday. I'm so excited to go to church. We haven't been excited to go to church. We haven't been excited to go to church. We haven't been in a while, so I really miss it. But in a while, so I really miss it. But in a while, so I really miss it. But yeah, let me quickly film this content. yeah, let me quickly film this content. yeah, let me quickly film this content. Have something to eat quickly. Just a Have something to eat quickly. Just a Have something to eat quickly. Just a quick bite to eat, and then I'm going to quick bite to eat, and then I'm going to quick bite to eat, and then I'm going to film my content, and then I'm going to film my content, and then I'm going to film my content, and then I'm going to sit down and lie down and just edit. sit down and lie down and just edit. sit down and lie down and just edit. >> Don't rush the magic. >> Don't rush the magic. >> Don't rush the magic. Taste a silver light. Taste a silver light. Taste a silver light. It's a mood. Good morning, ladies. Heading to church. Good morning, ladies. Heading to church. Good morning, ladies. Heading to church. This is what we're wearing. A little This is what we're wearing. A little This is what we're wearing. A little matchy matchy moment. Peace. We just got out of church. I was Peace. We just got out of church. I was Peace. We just got out of church. I was in excruciating in excruciating in excruciating pain the entire time. I couldn't pain the entire time. I couldn't pain the entire time. I couldn't properly sit. brain booked me. properly sit. brain booked me. properly sit. brain booked me. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Did she put herself on the bench >> Yeah. Did she put herself on the bench >> Yeah. Did she put herself on the bench for too long? for too long? for too long? >> And she's not. She's hoping it clears up >> And she's not. She's hoping it clears up >> And she's not. She's hoping it clears up and and and >> saying things like if she goes she gets >> saying things like if she goes she gets >> saying things like if she goes she gets antibiotics. antibiotics. antibiotics. >> I thought if I get antibiotics next week >> I thought if I get antibiotics next week >> I thought if I get antibiotics next week it will. it will. it will. >> Does it even clear up with her? Is it? >> Does it even clear up with her? Is it? >> Does it even clear up with her? Is it? >> No, it doesn't. I tried GBTE Google AI >> No, it doesn't. I tried GBTE Google AI >> No, it doesn't. I tried GBTE Google AI or squat what what um it doesn't or squat what what um it doesn't or squat what what um it doesn't apparently doesn't cuz so on my bum I apparently doesn't cuz so on my bum I apparently doesn't cuz so on my bum I had like these little pimples kind of uh had like these little pimples kind of uh had like these little pimples kind of uh bloss bloss bloss um but this one in between my legs um but this one in between my legs um but this one in between my legs it's like a cyst or a boil or something it's like a cyst or a boil or something it's like a cyst or a boil or something like that cuz it's like it's not it's like that cuz it's like it's not it's like that cuz it's like it's not it's it's a little bit harder Uh, all of the it's a little bit harder Uh, all of the it's a little bit harder Uh, all of the other ones have other ones have other ones have >> there's no clear like it's like a >> there's no clear like it's like a >> there's no clear like it's like a blender basy. There's no clear. blender basy. There's no clear. blender basy. There's no clear. >> No, it's not a bassy. It's very hard. >> No, it's not a bassy. It's very hard. >> No, it's not a bassy. It's very hard. >> There's nothing like you can squeeze out >> There's nothing like you can squeeze out >> There's nothing like you can squeeze out in that sense. in that sense. in that sense. >> No, it's they say to not squeeze it and >> No, it's they say to not squeeze it and >> No, it's they say to not squeeze it and you can't even touch it. It's that you can't even touch it. It's that you can't even touch it. It's that painful. So, I thought it would kind of painful. So, I thought it would kind of painful. So, I thought it would kind of clear up. Um, but it's been I didn't clear up. Um, but it's been I didn't clear up. Um, but it's been I didn't even vlog the last two days. I was in so even vlog the last two days. I was in so even vlog the last two days. I was in so much pain. I just I just did absolutely much pain. I just I just did absolutely much pain. I just I just did absolutely nothing. I thought it would kind of nothing. I thought it would kind of nothing. I thought it would kind of clear up, but it's actually just getting clear up, but it's actually just getting clear up, but it's actually just getting worse. Um, so I think it will have to be worse. Um, so I think it will have to be worse. Um, so I think it will have to be removed surgically. removed surgically. removed surgically. So, your brain booked an appointment for So, your brain booked an appointment for So, your brain booked an appointment for me. It's 2 hours from now. We have to me. It's 2 hours from now. We have to me. It's 2 hours from now. We have to shoot a campaign. So, we have to get shoot a campaign. So, we have to get shoot a campaign. So, we have to get some props quickly and then go home, some props quickly and then go home, some props quickly and then go home, shoot a campaign, and then Oh, I'm shoot a campaign, and then Oh, I'm shoot a campaign, and then Oh, I'm nervous. nervous. nervous. >> So, we'll be there. I'll be there. >> So, we'll be there. I'll be there. >> So, we'll be there. I'll be there. >> They're going to have to cut me. >> They're going to have to cut me. >> They're going to have to cut me. Like I'm going to have stitches down Like I'm going to have stitches down Like I'm going to have stitches down there and I'm not even pregnant. So there and I'm not even pregnant. So there and I'm not even pregnant. So >> you don't even know what's going to >> you don't even know what's going to >> you don't even know what's going to happen. You're psyching yourself out happen. You're psyching yourself out happen. You're psyching yourself out >> so much. You don't even know. >> so much. You don't even know. >> so much. You don't even know. >> It's the size of a >> It's the size of a >> It's the size of a >> That's why you've been putting it off >> That's why you've been putting it off >> That's why you've been putting it off for so long because you don't know for so long because you don't know for so long because you don't know what's going to happen. So let's just go what's going to happen. So let's just go what's going to happen. So let's just go and find out. and find out. and find out. >> Apparently it's very common, but I've >> Apparently it's very common, but I've >> Apparently it's very common, but I've never had something like this. It's never had something like this. It's never had something like this. It's this, how would you say, like a marble this, how would you say, like a marble this, how would you say, like a marble >> like a size of a marble, like not >> like a size of a marble, like not >> like a size of a marble, like not not on not on not on or in or in or in the area, but like kind of next to next the area, but like kind of next to next the area, but like kind of next to next to in is it a groin? Yo yo yolise. Yeah. to in is it a groin? Yo yo yolise. Yeah. to in is it a groin? Yo yo yolise. Yeah. So it's apparently like a gland. I did a So it's apparently like a gland. I did a So it's apparently like a gland. I did a lot of lot of lot of I hate when you Google your symptoms I hate when you Google your symptoms I hate when you Google your symptoms because one moment it's like you're because one moment it's like you're because one moment it's like you're fine, you can just self-medicate, take fine, you can just self-medicate, take fine, you can just self-medicate, take salt baths and this and this and this salt baths and this and this and this salt baths and this and this and this and then the next search would be like and then the next search would be like and then the next search would be like go to the emergency room immediately. go to the emergency room immediately. go to the emergency room immediately. You're dying. No, this one googled a You're dying. No, this one googled a You're dying. No, this one googled a lot. Um, are you like a an anxious lot. Um, are you like a an anxious lot. Um, are you like a an anxious health Googler? Because both Brain and I health Googler? Because both Brain and I health Googler? Because both Brain and I are very anxious. How like we Google are very anxious. How like we Google are very anxious. How like we Google everything. We search every like when he everything. We search every like when he everything. We search every like when he went in for his heart operation. Oh my went in for his heart operation. Oh my went in for his heart operation. Oh my goodness. I had to take his phone away goodness. I had to take his phone away goodness. I had to take his phone away from him. from him. from him. >> Well, like being informed to see what >> Well, like being informed to see what >> Well, like being informed to see what they going to do. they going to do. they going to do. >> Yeah. But it >> Yeah. But it >> Yeah. But it was anxiety. was anxiety. was anxiety. >> It causes so much anxiety. And now I'm >> It causes so much anxiety. And now I'm >> It causes so much anxiety. And now I'm like stressed over this thing because I like stressed over this thing because I like stressed over this thing because I have a deadline today. I have a deadline have a deadline today. I have a deadline have a deadline today. I have a deadline tomorrow. [sighs] tomorrow. [sighs] tomorrow. [sighs] Okay, let's Okay, let's Okay, let's >> let's go. >> let's go. >> let's go. >> Let's go. >> There's a boy. Just about 2,000 rand later. My fees. Just about 2,000 rand later. My fees. Just about 2,000 rand later. My fees. Thank goodness for medical aid. It looks Thank goodness for medical aid. It looks Thank goodness for medical aid. It looks like I have an antibiotic, which she like I have an antibiotic, which she like I have an antibiotic, which she said the dentist will actually extend my said the dentist will actually extend my said the dentist will actually extend my course. Um, but she's so glad that I course. Um, but she's so glad that I course. Um, but she's so glad that I came before I went to the dentist came before I went to the dentist came before I went to the dentist because it's not a good idea to go to because it's not a good idea to go to because it's not a good idea to go to the dentist and get a procedure done the dentist and get a procedure done the dentist and get a procedure done like that with an active infection in my like that with an active infection in my like that with an active infection in my body. So I have like um I think she body. So I have like um I think she body. So I have like um I think she called it feliculitis called it feliculitis called it feliculitis where the follicles are irritated and where the follicles are irritated and where the follicles are irritated and infected and that kind of spread to my infected and that kind of spread to my infected and that kind of spread to my delicate areas and it created like a delicate areas and it created like a delicate areas and it created like a whole lot of issues for me and that's whole lot of issues for me and that's whole lot of issues for me and that's why I'm in so much pain. She said I why I'm in so much pain. She said I why I'm in so much pain. She said I should have come days ago and Bren told should have come days ago and Bren told should have come days ago and Bren told me listen to your husband's Philippines. me listen to your husband's Philippines. me listen to your husband's Philippines. Bren literally nagged me but I'm one of Bren literally nagged me but I'm one of Bren literally nagged me but I'm one of those people. I'm like, I'll be fine in those people. I'm like, I'll be fine in those people. I'm like, I'll be fine in a couple of days. I'm going to a couple of days. I'm going to a couple of days. I'm going to self-medicate, self-medicate, self-medicate, you know? I just I don't like going to you know? I just I don't like going to you know? I just I don't like going to the doctor. And I literally had to sit the doctor. And I literally had to sit the doctor. And I literally had to sit on that table on that table on that table with my legs open. It's It's not like my with my legs open. It's It's not like my with my legs open. It's It's not like my favorite thing to do. So, I got a favorite thing to do. So, I got a favorite thing to do. So, I got a probiotic. I'm going to be eating a lot probiotic. I'm going to be eating a lot probiotic. I'm going to be eating a lot of sauerkraut this week as well. And of sauerkraut this week as well. And of sauerkraut this week as well. And then I got two creams. One to kind of then I got two creams. One to kind of then I got two creams. One to kind of clear up the fungal infection. And then clear up the fungal infection. And then clear up the fungal infection. And then the other one is I think it's like a the other one is I think it's like a the other one is I think it's like a steroid cream. So yeah, they are not cutting me. cream. So yeah, they are not cutting me. cream. So yeah, they are not cutting me. I was so afraid that they would cut me, I was so afraid that they would cut me, I was so afraid that they would cut me, but she said hopefully it will clear, but she said hopefully it will clear, but she said hopefully it will clear, which I thought that was my plan from which I thought that was my plan from which I thought that was my plan from the beginning, but she said I might not the beginning, but she said I might not the beginning, but she said I might not make it till Wednesday. It might just make it till Wednesday. It might just make it till Wednesday. It might just burst and then I'll be in a lot of pain. burst and then I'll be in a lot of pain. burst and then I'll be in a lot of pain. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> But I'm going to race now. >> But I'm going to race now. >> But I'm going to race now. Should I start taking this now? Should I start taking this now? Should I start taking this now? You can stop putting on the cream. The You can stop putting on the cream. The You can stop putting on the cream. The antibiotics is one in the morning, one antibiotics is one in the morning, one antibiotics is one in the morning, one in the evening after meals. in the evening after meals. in the evening after meals. >> Look at her. She is looking so much >> Look at her. She is looking so much >> Look at her. She is looking so much better. She's feeling a whole lot better. She's feeling a whole lot better. She's feeling a whole lot better. I think the antibiotics and just better. I think the antibiotics and just better. I think the antibiotics and just the cream is doing what it's supposed to the cream is doing what it's supposed to the cream is doing what it's supposed to do. And I feel so much better today. It do. And I feel so much better today. It do. And I feel so much better today. It is Tuesday. I pretty much just slept on is Tuesday. I pretty much just slept on is Tuesday. I pretty much just slept on Sunday. Literally took a nap. I think Sunday. Literally took a nap. I think Sunday. Literally took a nap. I think brain said I took a three and a half brain said I took a three and a half brain said I took a three and a half hour nap. It felt like literally 20 hour nap. It felt like literally 20 hour nap. It felt like literally 20 minutes because I was so incredibly minutes because I was so incredibly minutes because I was so incredibly grumpy and just so moody um when I woke grumpy and just so moody um when I woke grumpy and just so moody um when I woke up, but apparently the antibiotics does up, but apparently the antibiotics does up, but apparently the antibiotics does that. It it can give you like mood that. It it can give you like mood that. It it can give you like mood swings and intense fatigue. I know it's swings and intense fatigue. I know it's swings and intense fatigue. I know it's just so irritable. like having something just so irritable. like having something just so irritable. like having something just at such a delicate spot on your just at such a delicate spot on your just at such a delicate spot on your body um really can just bring down your body um really can just bring down your body um really can just bring down your morale and just mentally morale and just mentally morale and just mentally affect you like you don't feel like affect you like you don't feel like affect you like you don't feel like yourself and uh yeah I just I have just yourself and uh yeah I just I have just yourself and uh yeah I just I have just been a little bit down so I didn't vlog been a little bit down so I didn't vlog been a little bit down so I didn't vlog yesterday I pretty much just laid on the yesterday I pretty much just laid on the yesterday I pretty much just laid on the couch the whole day and just got up if I couch the whole day and just got up if I couch the whole day and just got up if I needed to pee. That is it. And yeah, I needed to pee. That is it. And yeah, I needed to pee. That is it. And yeah, I have a deadline today, so I want to get have a deadline today, so I want to get have a deadline today, so I want to get that done. Um, I obviously have that done. Um, I obviously have that done. Um, I obviously have responsibilities. I spoke to my boss and responsibilities. I spoke to my boss and responsibilities. I spoke to my boss and she said that I can take the rest of the she said that I can take the rest of the she said that I can take the rest of the week off. I work really hard week off. I work really hard week off. I work really hard if she said if I want to, I can vlog if if she said if I want to, I can vlog if if she said if I want to, I can vlog if I want to share like my dental implant I want to share like my dental implant I want to share like my dental implant experience, but I don't have to. But I experience, but I don't have to. But I experience, but I don't have to. But I feel like I want to. But yeah, I'm feel like I want to. But yeah, I'm feel like I want to. But yeah, I'm excited to just not have I made sure excited to just not have I made sure excited to just not have I made sure that everyone that I'm working with that everyone that I'm working with that everyone that I'm working with knows that I'm getting this procedure knows that I'm getting this procedure knows that I'm getting this procedure done and that anything that I need to do done and that anything that I need to do done and that anything that I need to do I will resume next week. So yeah, I'm I will resume next week. So yeah, I'm I will resume next week. So yeah, I'm excited. I feel like obviously we went excited. I feel like obviously we went excited. I feel like obviously we went away to Durban and we went like to Cape away to Durban and we went like to Cape away to Durban and we went like to Cape Town and it was nice, but I feel like Town and it was nice, but I feel like Town and it was nice, but I feel like traveling is not relaxing and resetting traveling is not relaxing and resetting traveling is not relaxing and resetting and resting. I feel like you can only and resting. I feel like you can only and resting. I feel like you can only really do that at home where you are really do that at home where you are really do that at home where you are familiar with your bed and just your familiar with your bed and just your familiar with your bed and just your surroundings. you can really just relax. surroundings. you can really just relax. surroundings. you can really just relax. But yeah, I feel so stupid for not going But yeah, I feel so stupid for not going But yeah, I feel so stupid for not going to the doctor earlier. I'm always the to the doctor earlier. I'm always the to the doctor earlier. I'm always the one telling Bren, go to the doctor and one telling Bren, go to the doctor and one telling Bren, go to the doctor and but like when it's yourself, it's like but like when it's yourself, it's like but like when it's yourself, it's like when it's when it's you, it's like it's when it's when it's you, it's like it's when it's when it's you, it's like it's fine. It's something that's going to fine. It's something that's going to fine. It's something that's going to blow over. But I think because my skin blow over. But I think because my skin blow over. But I think because my skin barrier was already compromised and barrier was already compromised and barrier was already compromised and because we were traveling so much, it because we were traveling so much, it because we were traveling so much, it was easy um you know to get it infected was easy um you know to get it infected was easy um you know to get it infected and spread. And being it's such a and spread. And being it's such a and spread. And being it's such a delicate area, it's already like such a delicate area, it's already like such a delicate area, it's already like such a sensitive area. So it's not like the sensitive area. So it's not like the sensitive area. So it's not like the same as the rest of your body. So yeah, same as the rest of your body. So yeah, same as the rest of your body. So yeah, but we're going to we're going to feel but we're going to we're going to feel but we're going to we're going to feel better. That's this is not going to last better. That's this is not going to last better. That's this is not going to last forever. the season is not going to last forever. the season is not going to last forever. the season is not going to last forever. Uh but yeah, I feel like just I forever. Uh but yeah, I feel like just I forever. Uh but yeah, I feel like just I feel like I'm going through the most at feel like I'm going through the most at feel like I'm going through the most at the moment. Um I've been so excited to the moment. Um I've been so excited to the moment. Um I've been so excited to get this like retainer out and not get this like retainer out and not get this like retainer out and not having to wear it, but I found out that having to wear it, but I found out that having to wear it, but I found out that I still have to wear it for two to three I still have to wear it for two to three I still have to wear it for two to three months while the dental implant screws months while the dental implant screws months while the dental implant screws kind of heal. [sighs] kind of heal. [sighs] kind of heal. [sighs] So, and I feel like my period is coming So, and I feel like my period is coming So, and I feel like my period is coming up. Like, we haven't we obviously said up. Like, we haven't we obviously said up. Like, we haven't we obviously said we're not going to try try we're not going to try try we're not going to try try um you know, with our TTC and prepping um you know, with our TTC and prepping um you know, with our TTC and prepping for pregnancy for pregnancy for pregnancy one, you know, before everything is one, you know, before everything is one, you know, before everything is done. Um but it's still like every month done. Um but it's still like every month done. Um but it's still like every month when you when you kind of feel your when you when you kind of feel your when you when you kind of feel your period coming, it's like I am a little period coming, it's like I am a little period coming, it's like I am a little bit emotional. bit emotional. bit emotional. um because we're obviously not not um because we're obviously not not um because we're obviously not not trying like [laughter] we're still trying like [laughter] we're still trying like [laughter] we're still um just being raw and real. But I feel um just being raw and real. But I feel um just being raw and real. But I feel like it's part of our season of waiting like it's part of our season of waiting like it's part of our season of waiting to just grow spiritually, really just to just grow spiritually, really just to just grow spiritually, really just firmly establish our faith and really firmly establish our faith and really firmly establish our faith and really just lean onto him and not our own just lean onto him and not our own just lean onto him and not our own understanding and just find comfort in understanding and just find comfort in understanding and just find comfort in his promise. No matter when that will his promise. No matter when that will his promise. No matter when that will be, I feel like everything will work out be, I feel like everything will work out be, I feel like everything will work out the way when when I look back at this. the way when when I look back at this. the way when when I look back at this. Um, you know, in the future, I'm going Um, you know, in the future, I'm going Um, you know, in the future, I'm going to be like, I'm so glad how it, you to be like, I'm so glad how it, you to be like, I'm so glad how it, you know, played out or like his plan was know, played out or like his plan was know, played out or like his plan was the best plan. Like, I'm going to I'm the best plan. Like, I'm going to I'm the best plan. Like, I'm going to I'm going to say it in the future. I know I going to say it in the future. I know I going to say it in the future. I know I will. Um, but like when when you're in will. Um, but like when when you're in will. Um, but like when when you're in the thick of it, it's like why do I have the thick of it, it's like why do I have the thick of it, it's like why do I have to get dental implants? Why did I have to get dental implants? Why did I have to get dental implants? Why did I have to pull my teeth? Why did I have to like to pull my teeth? Why did I have to like to pull my teeth? Why did I have to like go through all of this? And when I have go through all of this? And when I have go through all of this? And when I have that healthy baby in my hands one day, that healthy baby in my hands one day, that healthy baby in my hands one day, it will all be worth it. Okay, let's get it will all be worth it. Okay, let's get it will all be worth it. Okay, let's get to work. to work. to work. All done. Luckily, the lighting and All done. Luckily, the lighting and All done. Luckily, the lighting and everything was on my side today. It everything was on my side today. It everything was on my side today. It didn't take too long. I think I'm going didn't take too long. I think I'm going didn't take too long. I think I'm going to sit in the bath now while I edit. But to sit in the bath now while I edit. But to sit in the bath now while I edit. But to end off the vlog, I want to show you to end off the vlog, I want to show you to end off the vlog, I want to show you what's in here. Remember I told you what's in here. Remember I told you what's in here. Remember I told you about this Cleanedia delivery? I think I about this Cleanedia delivery? I think I about this Cleanedia delivery? I think I showed you this one and I said there was showed you this one and I said there was showed you this one and I said there was a story with this Cleanedia delivery. a story with this Cleanedia delivery. a story with this Cleanedia delivery. Um, I'm pretty sure you've seen the rest Um, I'm pretty sure you've seen the rest Um, I'm pretty sure you've seen the rest of the Cleanedia crew kind of sharing um of the Cleanedia crew kind of sharing um of the Cleanedia crew kind of sharing um about I went to go get some hydrangeas about I went to go get some hydrangeas about I went to go get some hydrangeas because um I was doing a video for Nivea because um I was doing a video for Nivea because um I was doing a video for Nivea kind of showing kind of showing kind of showing summer and winter, but the body care and summer and winter, but the body care and summer and winter, but the body care and the rich nourishment with Nivea rich the rich nourishment with Nivea rich the rich nourishment with Nivea rich nourishing stays the same. So, I kind of nourishing stays the same. So, I kind of nourishing stays the same. So, I kind of switched out the flowers. I switched out switched out the flowers. I switched out switched out the flowers. I switched out my outfit and like you know having my my outfit and like you know having my my outfit and like you know having my coffee in the morning inside versus coffee in the morning inside versus coffee in the morning inside versus summer I'll be outside. So just showing summer I'll be outside. So just showing summer I'll be outside. So just showing like things that kind of stay the same like things that kind of stay the same like things that kind of stay the same all year round. So, my coffee, you know, all year round. So, my coffee, you know, all year round. So, my coffee, you know, my body care routine, cuz I don't know my body care routine, cuz I don't know my body care routine, cuz I don't know about you, I can literally not about you, I can literally not about you, I can literally not go to bed or like get dressed or get out go to bed or like get dressed or get out go to bed or like get dressed or get out of the shower, out of the bath without of the shower, out of the bath without of the shower, out of the bath without putting lotion all over my body. So, putting lotion all over my body. So, putting lotion all over my body. So, [laughter] that is like whether it's [laughter] that is like whether it's [laughter] that is like whether it's summer, winter, always. I think I just summer, winter, always. I think I just summer, winter, always. I think I just kind of switch up the type of lotion kind of switch up the type of lotion kind of switch up the type of lotion that I use. So, in summer, I'll use like that I use. So, in summer, I'll use like that I use. So, in summer, I'll use like more of a lightweight one, which is the more of a lightweight one, which is the more of a lightweight one, which is the the tub one. Here's a picture. So, in the tub one. Here's a picture. So, in the tub one. Here's a picture. So, in the summer, I'll use more the tub one the summer, I'll use more the tub one the summer, I'll use more the tub one because it's like a little bit more because it's like a little bit more because it's like a little bit more lightweight and almost like watery but lightweight and almost like watery but lightweight and almost like watery but still nourishing. And then in the still nourishing. And then in the still nourishing. And then in the winter, I'll gravitate more towards like winter, I'll gravitate more towards like winter, I'll gravitate more towards like something that's a little bit like something that's a little bit like something that's a little bit like thicker and like very like on the skin, thicker and like very like on the skin, thicker and like very like on the skin, you know, like it's thick. So, you know, like it's thick. So, you know, like it's thick. So, [clears throat] um yeah, that's [clears throat] um yeah, that's [clears throat] um yeah, that's basically the only thing that'll change. basically the only thing that'll change. basically the only thing that'll change. So, I wanted to do a video. I also want So, I wanted to do a video. I also want So, I wanted to do a video. I also want to do a video like this for Cleanedia to do a video like this for Cleanedia to do a video like this for Cleanedia where I don't know if you've seen it, where I don't know if you've seen it, where I don't know if you've seen it, but it's like you show So, you show two but it's like you show So, you show two but it's like you show So, you show two screens and then it's like one screen is screens and then it's like one screen is screens and then it's like one screen is like you um kind of get up out of bed like you um kind of get up out of bed like you um kind of get up out of bed for example. Um or let's say you brush for example. Um or let's say you brush for example. Um or let's say you brush your teeth. I'm going to use that one. I your teeth. I'm going to use that one. I your teeth. I'm going to use that one. I think you brush your teeth and you just think you brush your teeth and you just think you brush your teeth and you just kind of put your toothpaste and your kind of put your toothpaste and your kind of put your toothpaste and your toothbrush like on the counter and you toothbrush like on the counter and you toothbrush like on the counter and you walk away. whereas like it takes not walk away. whereas like it takes not walk away. whereas like it takes not even 10 seconds to take a tissue, wipe even 10 seconds to take a tissue, wipe even 10 seconds to take a tissue, wipe everything down and just clean everything down and just clean everything down and just clean everything. So, it's like a choice. Um, everything. So, it's like a choice. Um, everything. So, it's like a choice. Um, same scenario, different choice. So, I same scenario, different choice. So, I same scenario, different choice. So, I wanted to do that for Cleanedia as well. wanted to do that for Cleanedia as well. wanted to do that for Cleanedia as well. But this package But this package But this package um has a little bit of a story to it and um has a little bit of a story to it and um has a little bit of a story to it and kind of like the reason why it looks kind of like the reason why it looks kind of like the reason why it looks like this. But in here we have like a like this. But in here we have like a like this. But in here we have like a really cute cleanupedia really cute cleanupedia really cute cleanupedia blankie which I'm going to use. I'm kind blankie which I'm going to use. I'm kind blankie which I'm going to use. I'm kind of doing a video unpacking. Ooh, this of doing a video unpacking. Ooh, this of doing a video unpacking. Ooh, this smells good. Damn. Oo, smells so good. smells good. Damn. Oo, smells so good. smells good. Damn. Oo, smells so good. Must be the comfort. Wow. I just got a Must be the comfort. Wow. I just got a Must be the comfort. Wow. I just got a whiff of that. I want to like snuggle. I whiff of that. I want to like snuggle. I whiff of that. I want to like snuggle. I want to go bath and just like snuggle want to go bath and just like snuggle want to go bath and just like snuggle up. This smells so good. How cute is up. This smells so good. How cute is up. This smells so good. How cute is this blankie? So, I'm kind of doing a this blankie? So, I'm kind of doing a this blankie? So, I'm kind of doing a video that's going live in next week. I video that's going live in next week. I video that's going live in next week. I already started filming it just so that already started filming it just so that already started filming it just so that I'm not behind and kind of unpacking, I'm not behind and kind of unpacking, I'm not behind and kind of unpacking, resetting after traveling. So, like resetting after traveling. So, like resetting after traveling. So, like washing my clothes and just kind of washing my clothes and just kind of washing my clothes and just kind of enjoying time at home, which I think enjoying time at home, which I think enjoying time at home, which I think this kind of ties into because they also this kind of ties into because they also this kind of ties into because they also included a little lasagna included a little lasagna included a little lasagna um lasagna mate and then obviously like um lasagna mate and then obviously like um lasagna mate and then obviously like some of our favorite [snorts] some of our favorite [snorts] some of our favorite [snorts] products restocked. So, love that. Um products restocked. So, love that. Um products restocked. So, love that. Um so, yeah, I already know what's in here so, yeah, I already know what's in here so, yeah, I already know what's in here because I saw it on the rest of the because I saw it on the rest of the because I saw it on the rest of the cleanup cruise content that they already cleanup cruise content that they already cleanup cruise content that they already did. But I don't know if you know. Let's did. But I don't know if you know. Let's did. But I don't know if you know. Let's get scissors. And it also says here on get scissors. And it also says here on get scissors. And it also says here on the side. the side. the side. You know, they know the way to my heart. You know, they know the way to my heart. You know, they know the way to my heart. I never thought that this Cleanedia I never thought that this Cleanedia I never thought that this Cleanedia partnership would be this way. Like they partnership would be this way. Like they partnership would be this way. Like they honestly spoil us so much. It's just honestly spoil us so much. It's just honestly spoil us so much. It's just it's crazy. [screaming] it's crazy. [screaming] it's crazy. [screaming] Look at this. I have a white one like Look at this. I have a white one like Look at this. I have a white one like this. And I know I told you about um this. And I know I told you about um this. And I know I told you about um like the but I'm actually really not mad like the but I'm actually really not mad like the but I'm actually really not mad about this color because let me tell you about this color because let me tell you about this color because let me tell you why. I am kind of manifesting like a why. I am kind of manifesting like a why. I am kind of manifesting like a beach house. I don't know like just we beach house. I don't know like just we beach house. I don't know like just we are really just putting it at God's feet are really just putting it at God's feet are really just putting it at God's feet and saying like we would love to and saying like we would love to and saying like we would love to purchase like purchase like purchase like you know people always say don't share you know people always say don't share you know people always say don't share your your dreams and your plans with your your dreams and your plans with your your dreams and your plans with people because you know but people because you know but people because you know but at the um at the Mercedes event I was at the um at the Mercedes event I was at the um at the Mercedes event I was talking to a few of the creators there talking to a few of the creators there talking to a few of the creators there and we spoke about not sharing content and we spoke about not sharing content and we spoke about not sharing content in real time, not sharing things while in real time, not sharing things while in real time, not sharing things while you're going through it. And I used to you're going through it. And I used to you're going through it. And I used to be like that. Like I used to always be like that. Like I used to always be like that. Like I used to always share my testimony and share things share my testimony and share things share my testimony and share things after, you know, because evil eye. And after, you know, because evil eye. And after, you know, because evil eye. And the moment I started praying against the the moment I started praying against the the moment I started praying against the evil eye and putting a force of God's evil eye and putting a force of God's evil eye and putting a force of God's hand around me, I don't fear the evil hand around me, I don't fear the evil hand around me, I don't fear the evil eye. I don't fear, you know, people eye. I don't fear, you know, people eye. I don't fear, you know, people having ill intentions toward me. When I having ill intentions toward me. When I having ill intentions toward me. When I walk out this door every day, I place walk out this door every day, I place walk out this door every day, I place God's protection over me, my family, my God's protection over me, my family, my God's protection over me, my family, my car, my home, like everything, and car, my home, like everything, and car, my home, like everything, and nothing can hurt me. So, if I choose to nothing can hurt me. So, if I choose to nothing can hurt me. So, if I choose to share my plants with the world, you share my plants with the world, you share my plants with the world, you know, my leafies, uh, people that are know, my leafies, uh, people that are know, my leafies, uh, people that are not really like I like to believe that not really like I like to believe that not really like I like to believe that everyone watching these videos have good everyone watching these videos have good everyone watching these videos have good intentions and that's how I'm going to intentions and that's how I'm going to intentions and that's how I'm going to keep it. Like, it's probably not the keep it. Like, it's probably not the keep it. Like, it's probably not the truth, but honestly, like truth, but honestly, like truth, but honestly, like any other way, I am just creating any other way, I am just creating any other way, I am just creating content in fear. The fear of people not content in fear. The fear of people not content in fear. The fear of people not wanting good for me. Listen, people, wanting good for me. Listen, people, wanting good for me. Listen, people, some people are going to find some people are going to find some people are going to find inspiration through your content and inspiration through your content and inspiration through your content and you're going to irritate and upset other you're going to irritate and upset other you're going to irritate and upset other people. Do it anyway because if it makes people. Do it anyway because if it makes people. Do it anyway because if it makes you happy, then do it. So, yeah, I um you happy, then do it. So, yeah, I um you happy, then do it. So, yeah, I um love my white luset, but this is G. I love my white luset, but this is G. I love my white luset, but this is G. I love this color actually. This is giving love this color actually. This is giving love this color actually. This is giving coastal vibes. So, I'm keeping this in coastal vibes. So, I'm keeping this in coastal vibes. So, I'm keeping this in manifesting, praying, and putting it at manifesting, praying, and putting it at manifesting, praying, and putting it at God's feet to say that this will be in God's feet to say that this will be in God's feet to say that this will be in our holiday beach house one day. Yes. our holiday beach house one day. Yes. our holiday beach house one day. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. But for now, Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. But for now, Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. But for now, I'm going to make a a mincemate here in I'm going to make a a mincemate here in I'm going to make a a mincemate here in Jo. [laughter] Jo. [laughter] Jo. [laughter] But thank you so much, Cleanedia. But thank you so much, Cleanedia. But thank you so much, Cleanedia. Honestly, I this is probably my favorite Honestly, I this is probably my favorite Honestly, I this is probably my favorite partnership that and I've worked with so partnership that and I've worked with so partnership that and I've worked with so many brands. I've gone on so many trips, many brands. I've gone on so many trips, many brands. I've gone on so many trips, but this just cleaning and organizing but this just cleaning and organizing but this just cleaning and organizing just makes me so happy. So to just makes me so happy. So to just makes me so happy. So to incorporate this into my content and to incorporate this into my content and to incorporate this into my content and to form part of, you know, a friend of the form part of, you know, a friend of the form part of, you know, a friend of the brand of all of these incredible brand of all of these incredible brand of all of these incredible products that I use on a daily basis products that I use on a daily basis products that I use on a daily basis just it's incredible. This one was from just it's incredible. This one was from just it's incredible. This one was from um when we went to Durban with um when we went to Durban with um when we went to Durban with Cleanupedia, so I kept that as well. The Cleanupedia, so I kept that as well. The Cleanupedia, so I kept that as well. The color of this LCSE range is called blue color of this LCSE range is called blue color of this LCSE range is called blue Riviera. I think it's a new one. Um I Riviera. I think it's a new one. Um I Riviera. I think it's a new one. Um I saw them releasing it recently and I saw them releasing it recently and I saw them releasing it recently and I actually love it. It's like a it's like actually love it. It's like a it's like actually love it. It's like a it's like a green blue. Oh, and at the Mercedes a green blue. Oh, and at the Mercedes a green blue. Oh, and at the Mercedes event I got um I had this I love the event I got um I had this I love the event I got um I had this I love the fact that they did both my surnames. A fact that they did both my surnames. A fact that they did both my surnames. A lot of brands do Fierin lot of brands do Fierin lot of brands do Fierin because that's obviously what they're because that's obviously what they're because that's obviously what they're familiar with. Um some brands actually familiar with. Um some brands actually familiar with. Um some brands actually do duplic um and then some brands do. do duplic um and then some brands do. do duplic um and then some brands do. A lot of brands do liy like even um A lot of brands do liy like even um A lot of brands do liy like even um once I got a contract obviously in the once I got a contract obviously in the once I got a contract obviously in the contract it said my full name as per my contract it said my full name as per my contract it said my full name as per my ID uh but the title of the document was ID uh but the title of the document was ID uh but the title of the document was Leafy's contract. [laughter] I love Leafy's contract. [laughter] I love Leafy's contract. [laughter] I love that. But um this is what we got from that. But um this is what we got from that. But um this is what we got from Mercedes. I they asked for a hoodie Mercedes. I they asked for a hoodie Mercedes. I they asked for a hoodie size, so I was like, hm, maybe I'm just size, so I was like, hm, maybe I'm just size, so I was like, hm, maybe I'm just going to say large because every time I going to say large because every time I going to say large because every time I get a hoodie from a brand, Bren is like, get a hoodie from a brand, Bren is like, get a hoodie from a brand, Bren is like, even with that Nivea hoodie thing that I even with that Nivea hoodie thing that I even with that Nivea hoodie thing that I wear, Bren wears it. Like, he takes my wear, Bren wears it. Like, he takes my wear, Bren wears it. Like, he takes my stuff. So, I was like, let me just this stuff. So, I was like, let me just this stuff. So, I was like, let me just this time just asked for a large so that he time just asked for a large so that he time just asked for a large so that he can have it. It was just a Mercedes can have it. It was just a Mercedes can have it. It was just a Mercedes hoodie that says class of its own at the hoodie that says class of its own at the hoodie that says class of its own at the back. And then um like a little laptop back. And then um like a little laptop back. And then um like a little laptop cover bag. It also just says Mercedes cover bag. It also just says Mercedes cover bag. It also just says Mercedes class of its own. And then like a little class of its own. And then like a little class of its own. And then like a little um note notebook and then this thing for um note notebook and then this thing for um note notebook and then this thing for your mouse. So that's what I got from your mouse. So that's what I got from your mouse. So that's what I got from Mercedes. If you know when a Mercedes. If you know when a Mercedes. If you know when a >> little pickme up, >> little pickme up, >> little pickme up, >> his wife needs a little pickme up. Take a bath now. Take a bath now. Take a bath now. >> Mhm. [clears throat] >> Mhm. [clears throat] >> Mhm. [clears throat] >> Now. >> Now. >> Now. >> Oh, yes. >> Oh, yes. >> Oh, yes. >> I need to put the coats on. >> I need to put the coats on. >> I need to put the coats on. >> To finish off this vlog, I just got out >> To finish off this vlog, I just got out >> To finish off this vlog, I just got out of the bath and I read this the other of the bath and I read this the other of the bath and I read this the other day and I thought I would share that day and I thought I would share that day and I thought I would share that with you in this vlog cuz I feel like with you in this vlog cuz I feel like with you in this vlog cuz I feel like it's very fitting. It's Ephesians 6 it's very fitting. It's Ephesians 6 it's very fitting. It's Ephesians 6 verse 10. It says, "Be strong in the verse 10. It says, "Be strong in the verse 10. It says, "Be strong in the Lord and the power of his might. Put on Lord and the power of his might. Put on Lord and the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that you may be the whole armor of God that you may be the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the able to stand against the ws of the able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we do not wrestle against devil. For we do not wrestle against devil. For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against flesh and blood, but against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against principalities, against powers, against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this age, the rulers of the darkness of this age, the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in against spiritual hosts of wickedness in against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly place. Therefore, take up the heavenly place. Therefore, take up the heavenly place. Therefore, take up the whole armor of God that you may be the whole armor of God that you may be the whole armor of God that you may be able to withstand in the evil day." you able to withstand in the evil day." you able to withstand in the evil day." you can go finish reading the rest. But can go finish reading the rest. But can go finish reading the rest. But yeah, I love Ephesians and I thought yeah, I love Ephesians and I thought yeah, I love Ephesians and I thought that that was so fitting for this vlog. that that was so fitting for this vlog. that that was so fitting for this vlog. I hope you please enjoyed and I'll see I hope you please enjoyed and I'll see I hope you please enjoyed and I'll see you next time.