Hello, my beautiful lippies. Welcome to
a new vlog. I'm greeting you from my bed
where I wish I stayed a little bit
longer this morning and I wish I had a
coffee in my hand, but we've been away
for 10 days. There's literally nothing
in the house. I'll show you how empty
the fridge is later. I need to do a
restock, a little bit of a shop. We need
to unpack. We need to reset and just
kind of get back into routine. But I'm
so freaking excited. You'll see now why.
A bunch of people are coming to the
house to shoot content for Cleanedia.
So, I [snorts] have to get up. I have to
get ready. I have to prep the house.
Make sure everything is in tiptop shape.
So she note me.
Oh yes. [laughter]
Hi guys.
That is a wrap. My face. I wish we could
just chill and not do anything, but we
have some unpacking to do.
Heat. [music]
Heat. N.
Guess has been busy unpacking the whole
day. I'm off to the gym and I'm just
going to take the car out for a wash.
I'm going to show you the before. Here
is the before. It looks like we brought
some sand with from Cape Town or Durban.
I'm not sure what beach we visited, but
looked like we had fun. [music]
You can tell that I have missed being
home so much because I am just in my
zone, packing things away, organizing,
cleaning. It's coming together nicely. I
managed to completely sweep my office
just so that I have a clear if I have a
clear space, I have a clear and clean
clutter-free mind. But I always do this
whenever I travel because you know what?
When I travel, I have limited outfits
and I have limited things to choose
from. And I have always loved that
feeling. I am in a constant battle
between loving
buying things, which I do love uh and
owning things, but I also love just
having little. And the older I get, the
less I have, the happier I am. Like if
things are organized, if you have less
things, you will be more organized. Um,
but there is like a fine balance between
enjoying shopping and like having things
and being organized. And it's like a
constant if you are not happy with
something and like like I said, the
older I get, the more I'm like I really
want things that I just absolutely love.
Um, and these lamps. I still like them,
but yeah, I just I'm not feeling them
for this space anymore. So, I'm thinking
of
um maybe selling them to someone or just
giving them to someone. I got them from
Atcom, so they're really good quality.
Here is a little closeup. It's kind of
like a bubble crackling
silver. So, they do look really nice,
but like I said, I just want something
fresh and something new for the bedroom.
I really love this
like woven kind of basket texture. You
know, I love my baskets. So, that's what
kind of drew me to them. I got them from
Woolly's. They were just over 1,000
rand. I think these ones were also like
1,000 or 1 and a half. Um, lamp shades
are quite expensive and I feel like it's
something that you can easily switch out
and just create like a whole new vibe.
So, that's what we're going to do. I
feel like you can create you can easily
and affordably kind of [laughter] create
a new vibe with just little decor
accents. So, I think I don't know. Let's
switch these out and see if I like this
better. [music]
So, let me know what you think. Which
side do you like better? I like this
side better. I feel like it brings a
little bit more of an organic. It
actually really picks up on the
nightstand very nicely. It's almost like
bringing the vacation inside your home.
It feels like the home went on a
vacation and it has like just a little
bit of that vacation glow now.
The reality of getting back from a trip
having so much admin, so much laundry.
I'm actually just tired.
Having my bone broth because we have
literally no other food in the house. I
need to make an order.
Got a couple of things for yesterday. Uh
the brand team sent that over. The
Cleanedia team sent over like a bunch of
things for us to eat. So, we have some
of that left over, but other than that,
the fridge is empty. I am actually not
going to order
anything until I get back. I'm eating
out again. I have a flight at 5:30
tomorrow morning to Cape Town for the
day and then I think I fly back at 7.
So, and Bren is going to be out, so he's
going to be at the office. So, there's
no need for me to stress and worry about
groceries today. But I
there is a reason for me to stress and
worry about these nails because I have
one piece of content to film today and I
have quite a bit of editing and I also
like if my nails look crap, I feel crap.
So, yeah, I'm going to just do my own
nails quickly. I recently I'm so sorry
for the state of me. I'm wearing this
Nivia
blanket um
hoodie dress kind of thing. I actually
slept in it last night because I was so
cold. Um but I'm just going to look like
this until I have to get ready for
my video that I have to shoot a little
bit later because my deadline is today.
I was supposed to shoot it while I was
in Durban, but [snorts] I show I I shot
so many things in Durban. I just I felt
like it was overkill. I don't want to do
too much content in Durban and then post
like everything when I come back. But
yeah, I recently shared with you that I
got rid of
all of my gels because it's come back a
little bit. I think it's maybe just from
I don't know, but I feel a little bit.
There's always like some redness over
here. You can probably see it right over
there. It's contact dermatitis. So, I am
allergic to certain
nail gels. So, the gel that I normally
use is biosculpture
that the girl that does my nails, she
uses only bioculture and they don't have
like any harmful ingredients in them.
Some of the gels that I had did, so I
threw them out. And the ones that I'm
left with is by the brand Mascara. They
also have like a
non
hypoallergenic like a non um allergic
non-toxic
one. But this one says that it doesn't
have those ingredients like hemma
acryate.
Those are the type of ingredients that
cause like a flare up for me. So yeah, I
would just go to Ingrid, but there's no
booking.
And also, to be honest, I don't I don't
feel like driving anywhere, going
anywhere, sitting, getting my nails
done. So, I'm going to watch some
YouTube and I'm just going to do
something very natural just so that it
doesn't look
like this. [music]
My bees, I still
in my pajamas. I have been glued to that
couch and glued to the screens, editing,
scheduling stuff since being away for a
couple of weeks, just scheduling, you
know, the next couple of weeks. I'm
going to make myself a little Should I
make peppermint
or chamomile?
Chamomile. So, I'm going to make myself
a little tea and then I'm going to take
a bath. I don't know if this is a little
bit TMI. I Googled it and I asked Chad.
Um, I've been getting
since Cape Town actually, and it's just
gotten progressively worse,
like little pimples on my bum. And I
also got two over here under my arms.
And it can be apparently it can be from
like sleeping in an unfamiliar bed or
using towels. It's common, you know, if
you travel, but I've never
gotten that. So, I'm going to take
another Epsom salt bath tonight. Rain is
at the cricket. I have one that's um
pretty close to my private parts. So,
[snorts] when I walk, and that's also
the reason why I wasn't very active
today. Um, I would normally be going for
my walks and, you know, getting back
into routine, going to the gym, but it's
actually like a little bit painful, the
one like in between.
It's like not not there, but it's like
almost there. Um, so I have no idea what
I'm going to wear tomorrow for a travel
day in and out of Cape Town, but we're
going to see now. I quickly want to see
what I want to wear before I take a
bath.
You actually won't believe
who I'm going to Cape Town with
tomorrow.
I'm going with Mercedes.
I drove a Mercedes for so long and it's
still one of my favorite car brands. So,
they're launching I think the new CLA.
Like the invite was like all red and
everything. The pants I want to wear is
in the wash, but I was thinking like
this coat and then like a little touch
of red. Maybe my red little fishnetss,
big brown bag, but I'm going to wear it
this way around though. Okay, outfit
sorted. Have to get up pretty early
tomorrow morning. My I have to be at the
airport probably at 5. So, I have to
wake up, travel to the airport and
everything. So, I kind of it's half 7. I
kind of want to get an early night, so
I'm just going to take a bath and then
edit a little bit uh while brain is
still at the cricket. And then I'm just
going to go to bed very, very early. Um
for dinner, I didn't show. We had a
chicken ka. Brain brought home a chicken
ka from work. Like I said, we are not
going to be home tomorrow
and only back like fully home from like
Thursday. I also rescheduled my content
to film when I'm back. Yeah, I've been
it feels like I've been stretching
myself a little bit thin. So, I just
want to manage so that I don't get a
burnout. There's just a lot going on.
Very exciting things, must I say. I
mean, what a blessing it is to be this
busy. [music]
Okay, sit there.
Oh yeah.
I am so glad to be off that plane. ear.
My bum hurts and someone kept farting
and I'll probably understand this when I
have kids one day and I'll have to
entertain them on on the plane. But
earphones earphones
She's the type
who will get what she wants. Doesn't
hide
always out [music] in the sun. And it
kills me slowly. [music]
See it.
From the first kilometer ever driven to
a mind that now drives with you.
Every headlight through the dark.
Every breakthrough has led here.
I am the intelligence of the all new CLA
and I'm still learning from you as me by
in the city of dreams. Wish that I
have the power in me, but I'm just too
much. [music]
My turn to drive.
I love being a passenger princess, but
we have to experience this beauty.
My lippies, I am in the car again. I
should be um
resting and like lying down because I
thought the walking was going to be a
problem yesterday, but the sitting
obviously driving to the airport, flight
there, flight back, driving in the car,
beautiful Mercedes, the brand new CLA
200 drives like an absolute dream.
Yesterday was such a dream day for me,
but I was in a lot of pain. Like even
today, I just came back from Centurion.
So I drove about 45 minutes there and
back um for my scans for my dental
implants. So they took like scans of my
entire jaw, my gums, my teeth, and
everything. So
we're going to do like a metal screw
implant, and then the tooth is going to
be on top. So wearing this for 4 months
is finally coming to an end. Listen, I'm
very thankful for it because I don't
look like that when I smile. But yeah, I
am very excited. I'm going to be put on
antibiotics anyways next week. So, I
figured it'll be a waste to go to the
doctor and find out whatever this is.
Um, but yeah, I'm trying to I took
another bath last night with a lot of
Epsom salt. I think I should actually go
get more Epsom salts because that is
really helping. hypocchlorous acid spray
multiple times a day, like whenever I go
to the toilet or just whenever. It's
really helping. And bum cream. The bum
cream is helping. I think it's zinc
oxide that o um that's helping with the
barrier repair and just to kind of
soothe the area because it's very
inflamed like my inner thighs, kind of
like my bikini area and my bum and
sitting. Oh, but I'm at Woolly's. Um, I
haven't purchased groceries.
We have zero food in the house. We have
been ordering and just getting takeaway,
but I'm going to get a full chicken and
I'm going to get like a couple of salads
because our water is also off.
So, we can't be cooking and all of that.
So, I'm just going to quickly to
Woolly's. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The pressure
is getting worse.
Just a quick little grocery haul. Got
the waters. Um, and then the chicken.
Pretty much things that we can eat
without making dishes. I think this is
going to be dinner. This is going to be
lunch probably with the chicken and just
a whole bunch of fresh goodies. I'm
trying this kefir. I tried a couple of
their keier products before, like the
fruity ones, but instead of yogurt, this
time I'm getting this keier cuz I like
to dip like I just I have yogurt with
just about every meal. So, yeah, this is
a quick little, you know, reset grocery
haul. Not too many things. I'm probably
going to pop into the grocery store
again after church on Sunday. I'm so
excited to go to church. We haven't been
in a while, so I really miss it. But
yeah, let me quickly film this content.
Have something to eat quickly. Just a
quick bite to eat, and then I'm going to
film my content, and then I'm going to
sit down and lie down and just edit.
Don't rush the magic.
Taste a silver light.
It's a mood.
Good morning, ladies. Heading to church.
This is what we're wearing. A little
matchy matchy moment.
Peace. We just got out of church. I was
in excruciating
pain the entire time. I couldn't
properly sit. brain booked me.
Yeah. Did she put herself on the bench
for too long?
And she's not. She's hoping it clears up
and
saying things like if she goes she gets
antibiotics.
I thought if I get antibiotics next week
it will.
Does it even clear up with her? Is it?
No, it doesn't. I tried GBTE Google AI
or squat what what um it doesn't
apparently doesn't cuz so on my bum I
had like these little pimples kind of uh
bloss
um but this one in between my legs
it's like a cyst or a boil or something
like that cuz it's like it's not it's
it's a little bit harder Uh, all of the
other ones have
there's no clear like it's like a
blender basy. There's no clear.
No, it's not a bassy. It's very hard.
There's nothing like you can squeeze out
in that sense.
No, it's they say to not squeeze it and
you can't even touch it. It's that
painful. So, I thought it would kind of
clear up. Um, but it's been I didn't
even vlog the last two days. I was in so
much pain. I just I just did absolutely
nothing. I thought it would kind of
clear up, but it's actually just getting
worse. Um, so I think it will have to be
removed surgically.
So, your brain booked an appointment for
me. It's 2 hours from now. We have to
shoot a campaign. So, we have to get
some props quickly and then go home,
shoot a campaign, and then Oh, I'm
nervous.
So, we'll be there. I'll be there.
They're going to have to cut me.
Like I'm going to have stitches down
there and I'm not even pregnant. So
you don't even know what's going to
happen. You're psyching yourself out
so much. You don't even know.
It's the size of a
That's why you've been putting it off
for so long because you don't know
what's going to happen. So let's just go
and find out.
Apparently it's very common, but I've
never had something like this. It's
this, how would you say, like a marble
like a size of a marble, like not
not on
or in
the area, but like kind of next to next
to in is it a groin? Yo yo yolise. Yeah.
So it's apparently like a gland. I did a
lot of
I hate when you Google your symptoms
because one moment it's like you're
fine, you can just self-medicate, take
salt baths and this and this and this
and then the next search would be like
go to the emergency room immediately.
You're dying. No, this one googled a
lot. Um, are you like a an anxious
health Googler? Because both Brain and I
are very anxious. How like we Google
everything. We search every like when he
went in for his heart operation. Oh my
goodness. I had to take his phone away
from him.
Well, like being informed to see what
they going to do.
Yeah. But it
was anxiety.
It causes so much anxiety. And now I'm
like stressed over this thing because I
have a deadline today. I have a deadline
tomorrow. [sighs]
Okay, let's
let's go.
Let's go.
There's a boy.
Just about 2,000 rand later. My fees.
Thank goodness for medical aid. It looks
like I have an antibiotic, which she
said the dentist will actually extend my
course. Um, but she's so glad that I
came before I went to the dentist
because it's not a good idea to go to
the dentist and get a procedure done
like that with an active infection in my
body. So I have like um I think she
called it feliculitis
where the follicles are irritated and
infected and that kind of spread to my
delicate areas and it created like a
whole lot of issues for me and that's
why I'm in so much pain. She said I
should have come days ago and Bren told
me listen to your husband's Philippines.
Bren literally nagged me but I'm one of
those people. I'm like, I'll be fine in
a couple of days. I'm going to
self-medicate,
you know? I just I don't like going to
the doctor. And I literally had to sit
on that table
with my legs open. It's It's not like my
favorite thing to do. So, I got a
probiotic. I'm going to be eating a lot
of sauerkraut this week as well. And
then I got two creams. One to kind of
clear up the fungal infection. And then
the other one is I think it's like a
steroid
cream. So yeah, they are not cutting me.
I was so afraid that they would cut me,
but she said hopefully it will clear,
which I thought that was my plan from
the beginning, but she said I might not
make it till Wednesday. It might just
burst and then I'll be in a lot of pain.
Yeah.
But I'm going to race now.
Should I start taking this now?
You can stop putting on the cream. The
antibiotics is one in the morning, one
in the evening after meals.
Look at her. She is looking so much
better. She's feeling a whole lot
better. I think the antibiotics and just
the cream is doing what it's supposed to
do. And I feel so much better today. It
is Tuesday. I pretty much just slept on
Sunday. Literally took a nap. I think
brain said I took a three and a half
hour nap. It felt like literally 20
minutes because I was so incredibly
grumpy and just so moody um when I woke
up, but apparently the antibiotics does
that. It it can give you like mood
swings and intense fatigue. I know it's
just so irritable. like having something
just at such a delicate spot on your
body um really can just bring down your
morale and just mentally
affect you like you don't feel like
yourself and uh yeah I just I have just
been a little bit down so I didn't vlog
yesterday I pretty much just laid on the
couch the whole day and just got up if I
needed to pee. That is it. And yeah, I
have a deadline today, so I want to get
that done. Um, I obviously have
responsibilities. I spoke to my boss and
she said that I can take the rest of the
week off. I work really hard
if she said if I want to, I can vlog if
I want to share like my dental implant
experience, but I don't have to. But I
feel like I want to. But yeah, I'm
excited to just not have I made sure
that everyone that I'm working with
knows that I'm getting this procedure
done and that anything that I need to do
I will resume next week. So yeah, I'm
excited. I feel like obviously we went
away to Durban and we went like to Cape
Town and it was nice, but I feel like
traveling is not relaxing and resetting
and resting. I feel like you can only
really do that at home where you are
familiar with your bed and just your
surroundings. you can really just relax.
But yeah, I feel so stupid for not going
to the doctor earlier. I'm always the
one telling Bren, go to the doctor and
but like when it's yourself, it's like
when it's when it's you, it's like it's
fine. It's something that's going to
blow over. But I think because my skin
barrier was already compromised and
because we were traveling so much, it
was easy um you know to get it infected
and spread. And being it's such a
delicate area, it's already like such a
sensitive area. So it's not like the
same as the rest of your body. So yeah,
but we're going to we're going to feel
better. That's this is not going to last
forever. the season is not going to last
forever. Uh but yeah, I feel like just I
feel like I'm going through the most at
the moment. Um I've been so excited to
get this like retainer out and not
having to wear it, but I found out that
I still have to wear it for two to three
months while the dental implant screws
kind of heal. [sighs]
So, and I feel like my period is coming
up. Like, we haven't we obviously said
we're not going to try try
um you know, with our TTC and prepping
for pregnancy
one, you know, before everything is
done. Um but it's still like every month
when you when you kind of feel your
period coming, it's like I am a little
bit emotional.
um because we're obviously not not
trying like [laughter] we're still
um just being raw and real. But I feel
like it's part of our season of waiting
to just grow spiritually, really just
firmly establish our faith and really
just lean onto him and not our own
understanding and just find comfort in
his promise. No matter when that will
be, I feel like everything will work out
the way when when I look back at this.
Um, you know, in the future, I'm going
to be like, I'm so glad how it, you
know, played out or like his plan was
the best plan. Like, I'm going to I'm
going to say it in the future. I know I
will. Um, but like when when you're in
the thick of it, it's like why do I have
to get dental implants? Why did I have
to pull my teeth? Why did I have to like
go through all of this? And when I have
that healthy baby in my hands one day,
it will all be worth it. Okay, let's get
to work.
All done. Luckily, the lighting and
everything was on my side today. It
didn't take too long. I think I'm going
to sit in the bath now while I edit. But
to end off the vlog, I want to show you
what's in here. Remember I told you
about this Cleanedia delivery? I think I
showed you this one and I said there was
a story with this Cleanedia delivery.
Um, I'm pretty sure you've seen the rest
of the Cleanedia crew kind of sharing um
about I went to go get some hydrangeas
because um I was doing a video for Nivea
kind of showing
summer and winter, but the body care and
the rich nourishment with Nivea rich
nourishing stays the same. So, I kind of
switched out the flowers. I switched out
my outfit and like you know having my
coffee in the morning inside versus
summer I'll be outside. So just showing
like things that kind of stay the same
all year round. So, my coffee, you know,
my body care routine, cuz I don't know
about you, I can literally not
go to bed or like get dressed or get out
of the shower, out of the bath without
putting lotion all over my body. So,
[laughter] that is like whether it's
summer, winter, always. I think I just
kind of switch up the type of lotion
that I use. So, in summer, I'll use like
more of a lightweight one, which is the
the tub one. Here's a picture. So, in
the summer, I'll use more the tub one
because it's like a little bit more
lightweight and almost like watery but
still nourishing. And then in the
winter, I'll gravitate more towards like
something that's a little bit like
thicker and like very like on the skin,
you know, like it's thick. So,
[clears throat] um yeah, that's
basically the only thing that'll change.
So, I wanted to do a video. I also want
to do a video like this for Cleanedia
where I don't know if you've seen it,
but it's like you show So, you show two
screens and then it's like one screen is
like you um kind of get up out of bed
for example. Um or let's say you brush
your teeth. I'm going to use that one. I
think you brush your teeth and you just
kind of put your toothpaste and your
toothbrush like on the counter and you
walk away. whereas like it takes not
even 10 seconds to take a tissue, wipe
everything down and just clean
everything. So, it's like a choice. Um,
same scenario, different choice. So, I
wanted to do that for Cleanedia as well.
But this package
um has a little bit of a story to it and
kind of like the reason why it looks
like this. But in here we have like a
really cute cleanupedia
blankie which I'm going to use. I'm kind
of doing a video unpacking. Ooh, this
smells good. Damn. Oo, smells so good.
Must be the comfort. Wow. I just got a
whiff of that. I want to like snuggle. I
want to go bath and just like snuggle
up. This smells so good. How cute is
this blankie? So, I'm kind of doing a
video that's going live in next week. I
already started filming it just so that
I'm not behind and kind of unpacking,
resetting after traveling. So, like
washing my clothes and just kind of
enjoying time at home, which I think
this kind of ties into because they also
included a little lasagna
um lasagna mate and then obviously like
some of our favorite [snorts]
products restocked. So, love that. Um
so, yeah, I already know what's in here
because I saw it on the rest of the
cleanup cruise content that they already
did. But I don't know if you know. Let's
get scissors. And it also says here on
the side.
You know, they know the way to my heart.
I never thought that this Cleanedia
partnership would be this way. Like they
honestly spoil us so much. It's just
it's crazy. [screaming]
Look at this. I have a white one like
this. And I know I told you about um
like the but I'm actually really not mad
about this color because let me tell you
why. I am kind of manifesting like a
beach house. I don't know like just we
are really just putting it at God's feet
and saying like we would love to
purchase like
you know people always say don't share
your your dreams and your plans with
people because you know but
at the um at the Mercedes event I was
talking to a few of the creators there
and we spoke about not sharing content
in real time, not sharing things while
you're going through it. And I used to
be like that. Like I used to always
share my testimony and share things
after, you know, because evil eye. And
the moment I started praying against the
evil eye and putting a force of God's
hand around me, I don't fear the evil
eye. I don't fear, you know, people
having ill intentions toward me. When I
walk out this door every day, I place
God's protection over me, my family, my
car, my home, like everything, and
nothing can hurt me. So, if I choose to
share my plants with the world, you
know, my leafies, uh, people that are
not really like I like to believe that
everyone watching these videos have good
intentions and that's how I'm going to
keep it. Like, it's probably not the
truth, but honestly, like
any other way, I am just creating
content in fear. The fear of people not
wanting good for me. Listen, people,
some people are going to find
inspiration through your content and
you're going to irritate and upset other
people. Do it anyway because if it makes
you happy, then do it. So, yeah, I um
love my white luset, but this is G. I
love this color actually. This is giving
coastal vibes. So, I'm keeping this in
manifesting, praying, and putting it at
God's feet to say that this will be in
our holiday beach house one day. Yes.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. But for now,
I'm going to make a a mincemate here in
Jo. [laughter]
But thank you so much, Cleanedia.
Honestly, I this is probably my favorite
partnership that and I've worked with so
many brands. I've gone on so many trips,
but this just cleaning and organizing
just makes me so happy. So to
incorporate this into my content and to
form part of, you know, a friend of the
brand of all of these incredible
products that I use on a daily basis
just it's incredible. This one was from
um when we went to Durban with
Cleanupedia, so I kept that as well. The
color of this LCSE range is called blue
Riviera. I think it's a new one. Um I
saw them releasing it recently and I
actually love it. It's like a it's like
a green blue. Oh, and at the Mercedes
event I got um I had this I love the
fact that they did both my surnames. A
lot of brands do Fierin
because that's obviously what they're
familiar with. Um some brands actually
do duplic um and then some brands do.
A lot of brands do liy like even um
once I got a contract obviously in the
contract it said my full name as per my
ID uh but the title of the document was
Leafy's contract. [laughter] I love
that. But um this is what we got from
Mercedes. I they asked for a hoodie
size, so I was like, hm, maybe I'm just
going to say large because every time I
get a hoodie from a brand, Bren is like,
even with that Nivea hoodie thing that I
wear, Bren wears it. Like, he takes my
stuff. So, I was like, let me just this
time just asked for a large so that he
can have it. It was just a Mercedes
hoodie that says class of its own at the
back. And then um like a little laptop
cover bag. It also just says Mercedes
class of its own. And then like a little
um note notebook and then this thing for
your mouse. So that's what I got from
Mercedes. If you know when a
little pickme up,
his wife needs a little pickme up.
Take a bath now.
Mhm. [clears throat]
Now.
Oh, yes.
I need to put the coats on.
To finish off this vlog, I just got out
of the bath and I read this the other
day and I thought I would share that
with you in this vlog cuz I feel like
it's very fitting. It's Ephesians 6
verse 10. It says, "Be strong in the
Lord and the power of his might. Put on
the whole armor of God that you may be
able to stand against the ws of the
devil. For we do not wrestle against
flesh and blood, but against
principalities, against powers, against
the rulers of the darkness of this age,
against spiritual hosts of wickedness in
the heavenly place. Therefore, take up
the whole armor of God that you may be
able to withstand in the evil day." you
can go finish reading the rest. But
yeah, I love Ephesians and I thought
that that was so fitting for this vlog.
I hope you please enjoyed and I'll see
you next time.
