Hello to us [music] and the sweet brotherhood [music] Oh my rose in the garden, you are still [laughter] Glory be to [laughter] Glory be to [laughter] Glory be to God, the Almighty, God, the Almighty, God, the Almighty, no bride, no bride, no bride, God protect us, God protect us, on our merchants' car, God protect us, God protect us, on our merchants' car, God protect us, God protect us, on our merchants' car, God protect us, who was it that lost her God protect us, who was it that lost her God protect us, who was it that lost her voice yesterday and she was going to be voice yesterday and she was going to be voice yesterday and she was going to be wrong, a bride, and your wrong, a bride, and your wrong, a bride, and your business is with me and business is with me and business is with me and my voice is gone from me in the engagement, no, I need to make a my voice is gone from me in the engagement, no, I need to make a my voice is gone from me in the engagement, no, I need to make a video about her, your business is with me, video about her, your business is with me, video about her, your business is with me, we will make a video about her, I do we will make a video about her, I do we will make a video about her, I do n't go beyond my neighbors, I want to break up, I break up, that's it, n't go beyond my neighbors, I want to break up, I break up, that's it, n't go beyond my neighbors, I want to break up, I break up, that's it, people are ashamed of me, they break up, God, Rashida, your people are ashamed of me, they break up, God, Rashida, your people are ashamed of me, they break up, God, Rashida, your aunt Rashida, who is mourning, she went out into the street to break up a fight between aunt Rashida, who is mourning, she went out into the street to break up a fight between aunt Rashida, who is mourning, she went out into the street to break up a fight between men, look, I see my neighbors fighting, I don't break up, yes, I men, look, I see my neighbors fighting, I don't break up, yes, I men, look, I see my neighbors fighting, I don't break up, yes, I need to wake up, so I need to wake up, so I need to wake up, so I went out into the street, I say she is defecating, I am went out into the street, I say she is defecating, I am went out into the street, I say she is defecating, I am afraid she is defecating more than you, they are fighting than you afraid she is defecating more than you, they are fighting than you afraid she is defecating more than you, they are fighting than you those who are fighting, those who are fighting, those who are fighting, those who are fighting, those who are fighting, those who are fighting, they stop, they say this, they say this, the they stop, they say this, they say this, the they stop, they say this, they say this, the important thing is that, look, I will make a video about her  Ninos, important thing is that, look, I will make a video about her  Ninos, important thing is that, look, I will make a video about her  Ninos, this video is okay, this video is okay, this video is okay, we didn't even greet them yet. we didn't even greet them yet. we didn't even greet them yet. Look, I'm a jeweler, I'll give you my mom, she's the one who's Look, I'm a jeweler, I'll give you my mom, she's the one who's Look, I'm a jeweler, I'll give you my mom, she's the one who's going to take care of it, she won't take any care of anything. I've become shy, I don't going to take care of it, she won't take any care of anything. I've become shy, I don't going to take care of it, she won't take any care of anything. I've become shy, I don't know how to handle it anymore. It's been so long since I talked to them, so long since I took a know how to handle it anymore. It's been so long since I talked to them, so long since I took a know how to handle it anymore. It's been so long since I talked to them, so long since I took a picture. picture. picture. Peace be upon you, how are you? Are you okay? You, Peace be upon you, how are you? Are you okay? You, Peace be upon you, how are you? Are you okay? You, your camera is crooked, I your camera is crooked, I your camera is crooked, I need to start over, we'll have to start over with the chalk from the beginning. need to start over, we'll have to start over with the chalk from the beginning. need to start over, we'll have to start over with the chalk from the beginning. Peace be upon you, how are you? Are you okay? And this is me and you, Peace be upon you, how are you? Are you okay? And this is me and you, Peace be upon you, how are you? Are you okay? And this is me and you, everything is fine, God willing. This everything is fine, God willing. This everything is fine, God willing. This lady who sits until her head gets hot lady who sits until her head gets hot lady who sits until her head gets hot between night and morning, hello, I'm coming, I want to between night and morning, hello, I'm coming, I want to between night and morning, hello, I'm coming, I want to do the contract, they don't want me. I'm a caterer, everything is in my hands, do the contract, they don't want me. I'm a caterer, everything is in my hands, do the contract, they don't want me. I'm a caterer, everything is in my hands, everything is in my hands, and it's July and the world is full of chaos, what should I do for everything is in my hands, and it's July and the world is full of chaos, what should I do for everything is in my hands, and it's July and the world is full of chaos, what should I do for her? May God guide her, may her? May God guide her, may her? May God guide her, may God guide her, she's getting hot, we have nothing to do, we're sorry, we missed you, it's been a God guide her, she's getting hot, we have nothing to do, we're sorry, we missed you, it's been a God guide her, she's getting hot, we have nothing to do, we're sorry, we missed you, it's been a while since we saw you and while since we saw you and while since we saw you and talked to you, we really missed you all  Everything is talked to you, we really missed you all  Everything is talked to you, we really missed you all  Everything is fine, Hania. The important thing is that I'm working hard, hand fine, Hania. The important thing is that I'm working hard, hand fine, Hania. The important thing is that I'm working hard, hand in hand, to prepare Al-Wiam so she can get married. God in hand, to prepare Al-Wiam so she can get married. God in hand, to prepare Al-Wiam so she can get married. God willing, with health and willing, with health and willing, with health and safety. Pray for her, may God grant her success and safety. Pray for her, may God grant her success and safety. Pray for her, may God grant her success and all the girls. May God grant her success and all the girls. May God grant her success and all the girls. May God grant her success and make her expectation of good from her life partner. My love, my sister, my love, the make her expectation of good from her life partner. My love, my sister, my love, the make her expectation of good from her life partner. My love, my sister, my love, the man, how much? May man, how much? May God grant her expectation and she expects him, and may He grant God grant her expectation and she expects him, and may He grant God grant her expectation and she expects him, and may He grant them goodness and give them them goodness and give them them goodness and give them patience. Oh patience. Oh patience. Oh Lord, patience, patience, patience, patience, oh Lord, patience, patience, patience, patience, oh Lord, patience, patience, patience, patience, oh Lord, and may He grant Lord, and may He grant Lord, and may He grant them goodness until we see their children and you are all happy too. them goodness until we see their children and you are all happy too. them goodness until we see their children and you are all happy too. Whoever has a daughter, may she be happy with her, oh Whoever has a daughter, may she be happy with her, oh Whoever has a daughter, may she be happy with her, oh Lord, and whoever has a son, may he be happy with him. May Lord, and whoever has a son, may he be happy with him. May Lord, and whoever has a son, may he be happy with him. May God grant us and you goodness, oh Lord, God grant us and you goodness, oh Lord, God grant us and you goodness, oh Lord, and pray for us. May God protect us and protect you, oh Lord, may and pray for us. May God protect us and protect you, oh Lord, may and pray for us. May God protect us and protect you, oh Lord, may God protect from the evil eye. Al- God protect from the evil eye. Al- God protect from the evil eye. Al- Wiam, I want to start taking pictures for us Wiam, I want to start taking pictures for us Wiam, I want to start taking pictures for us and start documenting everything. and start documenting everything. What do we have today? We're going to What do we have today? We're going to What do we have today? We're going to Nkaka, Blati, look where we're going today. We're going Nkaka, Blati, look where we're going today. We're going to the henna artist's to the henna artist's to the henna artist's today, Ninouz. We're going to the henna artist's, God willing. Let's today, Ninouz. We're going to the henna artist's, God willing. Let's today, Ninouz. We're going to the henna artist's, God willing. Let's see the things. You know the camera is see the things. You know the camera is see the things. You know the camera is n't charged, my phone isn't charged, n't charged, my phone isn't charged, n't charged, my phone isn't charged, that stuff. Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry. It's a quick job. that stuff. Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry. It's a quick job. that stuff. Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry. It's a quick job. We'll see someone shift gears. We'll see someone shift gears. We'll see someone shift gears. I learned it, I learned it with your brother-in-law. We I learned it, I learned it with your brother-in-law. We I learned it, I learned it with your brother-in-law. We work with it, not with a "pleasure" (meaning we don't use a "plea"). No, no, now you work with it, not with a "pleasure" (meaning we don't use a "plea"). No, no, now you work with it, not with a "pleasure" (meaning we don't use a "plea"). No, no, now you need to... when... now when... I hold it need to... when... now when... I hold it need to... when... now when... I hold it in my hand so it doesn't take off that "hand" (meaning I hold it in my hand), and in my hand so it doesn't take off that "hand" (meaning I hold it in my hand), and in my hand so it doesn't take off that "hand" (meaning I hold it in my hand), and this one shifts gears in the other's hand. [Laughs] What can this one shifts gears in the other's hand. [Laughs] What can this one shifts gears in the other's hand. [Laughs] What can I tell you? By I tell you? By I tell you? By God, what God, what God, what about the contract? Don't go crazy! Let's leave it, about the contract? Don't go crazy! Let's leave it, about the contract? Don't go crazy! Let's leave it, Ninouz. God willing, this is the vlog of the Ninouz. God willing, this is the vlog of the Ninouz. God willing, this is the vlog of the preparations for the day of the contract. God willing, I'll preparations for the day of the contract. God willing, I'll preparations for the day of the contract. God willing, I'll sit down. You all saw the preparations I sit down. You all saw the preparations I sit down. You all saw the preparations I did in Dubai and I told you about them. Please, God bless you, did in Dubai and I told you about them. Please, God bless you, did in Dubai and I told you about them. Please, God bless you, everything I told you about in Dubai has changed, everything I told you about in Dubai has changed, everything I told you about in Dubai has changed, by God.  Rashida, every minute she changes, she changes. by God.  Rashida, every minute she changes, she changes. by God.  Rashida, every minute she changes, she changes. Yes, you came, my sister, even at the last moment. Oh my, Yes, you came, my sister, even at the last moment. Oh my, Yes, you came, my sister, even at the last moment. Oh my, one, two, three of us, everything is going well. one, two, three of us, everything is going well. one, two, three of us, everything is going well. Me and my sister Khadija, body, he told me, body, elephant body, and mind, our mind, the told me, body, elephant body, and mind, our mind, the told me, body, elephant body, and mind, our mind, the woman's body and you, but the mind is still woman's body and you, but the mind is still woman's body and you, but the mind is still like someone who's two years old, like someone who's two years old, like someone who's two years old, you know. Okay, come on, Ninouz, now we're going to you know. Okay, come on, Ninouz, now we're going to you know. Okay, come on, Ninouz, now we're going to see the henna artist, Suwar, that's what we were going to do, the day of the see the henna artist, Suwar, that's what we were going to do, the day of the see the henna artist, Suwar, that's what we were going to do, the day of the engagement is one, and the day of the henna is engagement is one, and the day of the henna is engagement is one, and the day of the henna is another. Anyway, everything, everything, we'll do it on Sunday. So now I'll show you another. Anyway, everything, everything, we'll do it on Sunday. So now I'll show you another. Anyway, everything, everything, we'll do it on Sunday. So now I'll show you the directions, where I'm going, the directions, where I'm going, the directions, where I'm going, what I'm going to do, what I want to do. Okay, you have what I'm going to do, what I want to do. Okay, you have what I'm going to do, what I want to do. Okay, you have time from now until Sunday when you get everything ready. We time from now until Sunday when you get everything ready. We won't start working now, we work on Wednesdays, we finish won't start working now, we work on Wednesdays, we finish won't start working now, we work on Wednesdays, we finish working on Tuesdays, and we'll get tired, we won't have anything left. Yes, I'll working on Tuesdays, and we'll get tired, we won't have anything left. Yes, I'll working on Tuesdays, and we'll get tired, we won't have anything left. Yes, I'll arrive, God willing, I'll show you. arrive, God willing, I'll show you. arrive, God willing, I'll show you. Kisses. Now look, she showed Kisses. Now look, she showed Kisses. Now look, she showed me  There are so many styles, me  There are so many styles, me  There are so many styles, but these are the best ones I liked. but these are the best ones I liked. but these are the best ones I liked. But I didn't like this one, it's very local. I liked this one, but I didn't like this one. But I didn't like this one, it's very local. I liked this one, but I didn't like this one. But I didn't like this one, it's very local. I liked this one, but I didn't like this one. But this one is nice, so I don't know. But this one is nice, so I don't know. But this one is nice, so I don't know. Anyway, what are we going to have for Anyway, what are we going to have for Anyway, what are we going to have for lunch? We'll calculate it based on Corona because we asked two men inside. When we went in, they because we asked two men inside. When we went in, they because we asked two men inside. When we went in, they told us there was one, a henna artist, a told us there was one, a henna artist, a told us there was one, a henna artist, a salon, and it was a henna artist and something. They told us salon, and it was a henna artist and something. They told us salon, and it was a henna artist and something. They told us this is the one that's available. It hasn't been done yet. Peace be upon this is the one that's available. It hasn't been done yet. Peace be upon this is the one that's available. It hasn't been done yet. Peace be upon you. Fish, fish, this is confusing, oh my God, it's very confusing. So nice, this is confusing, oh my God, it's very confusing. So nice, this is confusing, oh my God, it's very confusing. So nice, something to make you forget something else. Honestly, tell me, something to make you forget something else. Honestly, tell me, something to make you forget something else. Honestly, tell me, Dad, what advice would you give me? You'll get married in your own Dad, what advice would you give me? You'll get married in your own Dad, what advice would you give me? You'll get married in your own head, and your husband will be the most head, and your husband will be the most beautiful girl in the world, the beautiful girl in the world, the beautiful girl in the world, the best bride in the world. That's it. best bride in the world. That's it. best bride in the world. That's it. Now see your daughter as a bride, my friend, my love. This is the name of this, oh my God, not with a stick, completely, God willing. And there are three of the rooms. Days ago, I was in the same place, God willing. The Days ago, I was in the same place, God willing. The Days ago, I was in the same place, God willing. The event at my wedding will be in the same event at my wedding will be in the same event at my wedding will be in the same location, it's amazing! location, it's amazing! location, it's amazing! Ninouz, we made the tarda for Ninouz, we made the tarda for Ninouz, we made the tarda for breakfast. breakfast. breakfast. Ninouz, we made the tarda, Ninouz, we made the tarda, Ninouz, we made the tarda, our shalazat, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my! Now, I saw it, I liked it, I want to give you Now, I saw it, I liked it, I want to give you Now, I saw it, I liked it, I want to give you 50 dirhams. By God, 50 dirhams. By God, 50 dirhams. By God, Mama liked this one, she wants to take it. We came to Mama liked this one, she wants to take it. We came to Mama liked this one, she wants to take it. We came to the city to shop. Well, Ninouz, I knew this the city to shop. Well, Ninouz, I knew this the city to shop. Well, Ninouz, I knew this vlog would be messed up, every little bit of every day. vlog would be messed up, every little bit of every day. vlog would be messed up, every little bit of every day. Today we came to Jemaa el-Fna and Mama Today we came to Jemaa el-Fna and Mama Today we came to Jemaa el-Fna and Mama [snoring sounds] and my minister, please, with you is my [snoring sounds] and my minister, please, with you is my [snoring sounds] and my minister, please, with you is my minister, minister, minister, peace be upon you, Ninouz, the minister peace be upon you, Ninouz, the minister peace be upon you, Ninouz, the minister without papers, without papers, without papers, the minister without [laughter] and all their papers, she loves the head of a the minister without [laughter] and all their papers, she loves the head of a the minister without [laughter] and all their papers, she loves the head of a minister, a minister, a minister. We came, we came to minister, a minister, a minister. We came, we came to minister, a minister, a minister. We came, we came to buy what we need, kaftans, caftans, buy what we need, kaftans, caftans, buy what we need, kaftans, caftans, or I don't know what to do. The or I don't know what to do. The or I don't know what to do. The same style, same style, same style, don't do the same style, not in the fabric, so that it don't do the same style, not in the fabric, so that it don't do the same style, not in the fabric, so that it looks looks looks [laughter]. I'm not visible, I'm not visible, I'm not visible, no, no, uncle, I'm not visible, I'm not visible, Mama  She wanted no, no, uncle, I'm not visible, I'm not visible, Mama  She wanted no, no, uncle, I'm not visible, I'm not visible, Mama  She wanted this one in her pants, not this one in a dress. this one in her pants, not this one in a dress. this one in her pants, not this one in a dress. She wanted it in her pants, She wanted it in her pants, She wanted it in her pants, my minister's wife gave me a drink, she knew I had it my minister's wife gave me a drink, she knew I had it [laughs]. This is my effort for Wiam, This is my effort for Wiam, This is my effort for Wiam, this is my effort for Wiam, this is my effort for Wiam, this is my effort for Wiam, my darling, I wish you goodness, joy, good health, my darling, I wish you goodness, joy, good health, my darling, I wish you goodness, joy, good health, Mama. Mama. Mama. We feel joy and it seems we've grown up. I We feel joy and it seems we've grown up. I We feel joy and it seems we've grown up. I start crying for her, she didn't give up on start crying for her, she didn't give up on her [laughs]. Here she is in a cloak, this is what Mama wants me to wear when I go to the hammam. There are blue ones, in a this is what Mama wants me to wear when I go to the hammam. There are blue ones, in a this is what Mama wants me to wear when I go to the hammam. There are blue ones, in a crown one, and in a gold one. crown one, and in a gold one. crown one, and in a gold one. We wanted to go to the spa and go, and I would go We wanted to go to the spa and go, and I would go We wanted to go to the spa and go, and I would go playing until they took me to the hammam, but we have a playing until they took me to the hammam, but we have a playing until they took me to the hammam, but we have a traditional hammam at home. I told her I was tired of traditional hammam at home. I told her I was tired of traditional hammam at home. I told her I was tired of people singing to me at home. I go in, clear my throat, and people singing to me at home. I go in, clear my throat, and people singing to me at home. I go in, clear my throat, and come out to find them waiting for me. My minister's wife will come with come out to find them waiting for me. My minister's wife will come with come out to find them waiting for me. My minister's wife will come with me to the hammam, she'll give you the best scrub, give you a good scrub, let's me to the hammam, she'll give you the best scrub, give you a good scrub, let's me to the hammam, she'll give you the best scrub, give you a good scrub, let's know this is Lydia, but it's okay, know this is Lydia, but it's okay, know this is Lydia, but it's okay, Ninos.  In the market, you have Ninos.  In the market, you have Ninos.  In the market, you have a friend who shops with you during the day. I love a friend who shops with you during the day. I love you. Say goodbye to her. She used to disappear on YouTube, now she'll disappear even more. [Laughs] Keep bothering her. Send us a picture, please. This is you. Say goodbye to her. She used to disappear on YouTube, now she'll disappear even more. [Laughs] Keep bothering her. Send us a picture, please. This is you. Say goodbye to her. She used to disappear on YouTube, now she'll disappear even more. [Laughs] Keep bothering her. Send us a picture, please. This is Salma's account. Send it to her, please. Tell her Salma's account. Send it to her, please. Tell her Salma's account. Send it to her, please. Tell her money is money is money is amazing. Don't amazing. Don't amazing. Don't ask why. She's a girl on TV. No, no, here she'll ask why. She's a girl on TV. No, no, here she'll ask why. She's a girl on TV. No, no, here she'll show you her picture too. No, I don't show you her picture too. No, I don't show you her picture too. No, I don't have a problem with have a problem with have a problem with your picture too. Look, we your picture too. Look, we your picture too. Look, we bought the shalwar bought the shalwar bought the shalwar from this man. May God bless him. I from this man. May God bless him. I from this man. May God bless him. I have nothing to say. Welcome. have nothing to say. Welcome. have nothing to say. Welcome. The name is my brother The name is my brother The name is my brother Abdullah. Abdullah. Abdullah. Mr. Abdullah. Abdullah, may Mr. Abdullah. Abdullah, may Mr. Abdullah. Abdullah, may God complete it with God complete it with God complete it with Mr. Abdullah. Mr. Abdullah. Mr. Abdullah. You won't understand the Berber language. Go with the Berber language. Okay, I'll give You won't understand the Berber language. Go with the Berber language. Okay, I'll give You won't understand the Berber language. Go with the Berber language. Okay, I'll give you a shalwar. He said I'll take you. You'll give me a you a shalwar. He said I'll take you. You'll give me a you a shalwar. He said I'll take you. You'll give me a shalwar. shalwar. shalwar. Now there's no shalwar or anything. Poor guy, what is that? This is a Now there's no shalwar or anything. Poor guy, what is that? This is a Now there's no shalwar or anything. Poor guy, what is that? This is a shawl. shawl. shawl. And Mama took these. She wants to use them to decorate And Mama took these. She wants to use them to decorate And Mama took these. She wants to use them to decorate her table, her table, her table, like a like a like a kaftan.  Blimouch, let's kaftan.  Blimouch, let's kaftan.  Blimouch, let's see the djellaba I made. I made the see the djellaba I made. I made the see the djellaba I made. I made the djellaba. djellaba. djellaba. Nice, oh nice, Prophet. And Prophet. And Prophet. And this we say, may God bring good, may God bring this we say, may God bring good, may God bring this we say, may God bring good, may God bring sustenance. That's it, the sustenance. That's it, the sustenance. That's it, the secret is out. secret is out. secret is out. Give it size 39 on the other leg. You see, the slippers Give it size 39 on the other leg. You see, the slippers Give it size 39 on the other leg. You see, the slippers keep the foot out. Oh, for breakfast, keep the foot out. Oh, for breakfast, keep the foot out. Oh, for breakfast, no, that's size 39. Give me your feet, they're thin. Turn around, the back is out. This is too big for it, the no, that's size 39. Give me your feet, they're thin. Turn around, the back is out. This is too big for it, the no, that's size 39. Give me your feet, they're thin. Turn around, the back is out. This is too big for it, the foot is out. 39. 39, foot is out. 39. 39, foot is out. 39. 39, you wore it and your certificate? you wore it and your certificate? you wore it and your certificate? No, it's wide. That's size 38, No, it's wide. That's size 38, No, it's wide. That's size 38, America. God [laughs] The little one told you that's why it's so messed up. America. God [laughs] The little one told you that's why it's so messed up. Marrakeshians, that's it, Marrakeshians [laughs] Ready, ready, ready. Welcome, imp. And Marrakeshians, that's it, Marrakeshians [laughs] Ready, ready, ready. Welcome, imp. And Marrakeshians, that's it, Marrakeshians [laughs] Ready, ready, ready. Welcome, imp. And we drink the oil and ride on the we drink the oil and ride on the we drink the oil and ride on the kitchen to the house. God bless you, with the kitchen to the house. God bless you, with the kitchen to the house. God bless you, with the za'ima. za'ima. za'ima. Please [laughs] That's what he said. And Please [laughs] That's what he said. And Please [laughs] That's what he said. And we drink. I we drink. I we drink. I ate from the kitchen. That's it. ate from the kitchen. That's it. ate from the kitchen. That's it. God bless you. Thank you very much. Happy God bless you. Thank you very much. Happy God bless you. Thank you very much. Happy brothers, by the way. brothers, by the way. brothers, by the way. Brothers, by the way. Brothers, by the way. Brothers, by the way. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Oh, that's it. Happy hour.  May God make it easy for you [laughs] Happy hour.  May God make it easy for you [laughs] Happy hour.  May God make it easy for you [laughs] Marrakeshians are beautiful now, and by God, I say Marrakeshians are beautiful now, and by God, I say Marrakeshians are beautiful now, and by God, I say Marrakeshians are like me, I'm not from Marrakesh, let's see Marrakeshians are like me, I'm not from Marrakesh, let's see Marrakeshians are like me, I'm not from Marrakesh, let's see Nasser, Nasser, Nasser, me and I, the bride, woke up, I woke up, I woke up, I woke up, me and I, the bride, woke up, I woke up, I woke up, I woke up, my eyes, it's my eyes, it's my eyes, it's impossible, in one sleep, in one sleep, it's impossible, impossible, in one sleep, in one sleep, it's impossible, impossible, in one sleep, in one sleep, it's impossible, anyway, Ninouz, you know, sometimes anyway, Ninouz, you know, sometimes anyway, Ninouz, you know, sometimes they say that the thing that comes unexpectedly is beautiful, sometimes they say that the thing that comes unexpectedly is beautiful, sometimes they say that the thing that comes unexpectedly is beautiful, sometimes they say that the thing you have to be they say that the thing you have to be they say that the thing you have to be planning for, it's impossible, you planning for, it's impossible, you planning for, it's impossible, you know, today we saw the villa, oh my, even I, as a place, know, today we saw the villa, oh my, even I, as a place, today we saw the villa, we today we saw the villa, we today we saw the villa, we saw the villa, so many things, honestly, I finished the saw the villa, so many things, honestly, I finished the saw the villa, so many things, honestly, I finished the paperwork of the contract, thank God, I hope this paperwork of the contract, thank God, I hope this paperwork of the contract, thank God, I hope this flow will be light and pleasant, honestly, that's it, I'm going to flow will be light and pleasant, honestly, that's it, I'm going to flow will be light and pleasant, honestly, that's it, I'm going to sleep, tomorrow is a special day, here she is, my sleep, tomorrow is a special day, here she is, my sleep, tomorrow is a special day, here she is, my mom is coming, mom is coming, mom is coming, tomorrow is a special day, tomorrow is a special day, tomorrow is a special day, tomorrow, whether it's something or something else, tomorrow I have henna, the fake ones, the fake ones, I tomorrow, whether it's something or something else, tomorrow I have henna, the fake ones, the fake ones, I tomorrow, whether it's something or something else, tomorrow I have henna, the fake ones, the fake ones, I want want want Honestly, we're following Moroccan traditions. Honestly, we're following Moroccan traditions. Honestly, we're following Moroccan traditions. So, Mama told me, and I told her, "Show us what's going on at So, Mama told me, and I told her, "Show us what's going on at So, Mama told me, and I told her, "Show us what's going on at home, just between us, our friends, just between us, home, just between us, our friends, just between us, home, just between us, our friends, just between us, our family." And she said, "Wiam, my our family." And she said, "Wiam, my our family." And she said, "Wiam, my friends always want to do it for you, and so on and so forth." I friends always want to do it for you, and so on and so forth." I friends always want to do it for you, and so on and so forth." I told her, "No problem, I'm tired of them, we're just told her, "No problem, I'm tired of them, we're just told her, "No problem, I'm tired of them, we're just at home, that's all." [Clears throat] One of my neighbors [Clears throat] One of my neighbors [Clears throat] One of my neighbors always brings me always brings me always brings me nice copper things to hang. These are nice, they're beautiful. Look at the handles, very nice, very nice, they're amazing. I'm crazy nice copper things to hang. These are nice, they're beautiful. Look at the handles, very nice, very nice, they're amazing. I'm crazy about this stuff. For a year about this stuff. For a year about this stuff. For a year I've been dying for you. Come I've been dying for you. Come I've been dying for you. Come on, my name is Mama, Mrs. Mama, you're making me cry. Give me, give me, my name is Mama. My livelihood is mine, I'll give you your on, my name is Mama, Mrs. Mama, you're making me cry. Give me, give me, my name is Mama. My livelihood is mine, I'll give you your on, my name is Mama, Mrs. Mama, you're making me cry. Give me, give me, my name is Mama. My livelihood is mine, I'll give you your livelihood. Your livelihood is yours, you took it from me, I took it from you. livelihood. Your livelihood is yours, you took it from me, I took it from you. livelihood. Your livelihood is yours, you took it from me, I took it from you. These days, These days, These days, good things will come, God will compensate you with good things, my good things will come, God will compensate you with good things, my good things will come, God will compensate you with good things, my love. Good morning, Nino. Good morning, good morning, love. Good morning, Nino. Good morning, good morning, love. Good morning, Nino. Good morning, good morning, roses. How are you? Are you okay? roses. How are you? Are you okay? roses. How are you? Are you okay? Nine and a half. Mama has an appointment with the doctor. Nine and a half. Mama has an appointment with the doctor. Nine and a half. Mama has an appointment with the doctor. Then, Gondevo with the doctor, my dear, may God Then, Gondevo with the doctor, my dear, may God Then, Gondevo with the doctor, my dear, may God heal her. I heal her. I heal her. I need to get dressed now, do everything, get ready, then need to get dressed now, do everything, get ready, then need to get dressed now, do everything, get ready, then I'll talk to you. I don't know how I got dressed, by God, we're all here. know how I got dressed, by God, we're all here. know how I got dressed, by God, we're all here. Thank God I have those few drops left, the ones Thank God I have those few drops left, the ones Thank God I have those few drops left, the ones I took with me. Anyway, those I took with me. Anyway, those I took with me. Anyway, those drops you saw in the previous vlogs. Well, drops you saw in the previous vlogs. Well, drops you saw in the previous vlogs. Well, Ninos, yesterday I put you back, it's impossible, I mean, I can't open them. Ninos, yesterday I put you back, it's impossible, I mean, I can't open them. Ninos, yesterday I put you back, it's impossible, I mean, I can't open them. One, one, one, tired. One, one, one, tired. One, one, one, tired. Thank God I felt like I fell asleep, I relaxed. Thank God I felt like I fell asleep, I relaxed. Thank God I felt like I fell asleep, I relaxed. Thank God. Thank God. Thank God. We [snoring sounds] We [snoring sounds] We [snoring sounds] married women, everything is confused for you. You everything is confused for you. You everything is confused for you. You know, I know what he's going to do, he's going to put henna on you, that little thing know, I know what he's going to do, he's going to put henna on you, that little thing know, I know what he's going to do, he's going to put henna on you, that little thing that's all over the place during the day. It's me, that's all over the place during the day. It's me, that's all over the place during the day. It's me, I know, it's because my sister, when she I know, it's because my sister, when she I know, it's because my sister, when she got married, we had it done at Grandma's, we put on the henna and we kept it all over. got married, we had it done at Grandma's, we put on the henna and we kept it all over. This is what we call it. You know, people This is what we call it. You know, people This is what we call it. You know, people officially [clears throat] call it. In India it's called officially [clears throat] call it. In India it's called officially [clears throat] call it. In India it's called Haldi, but they do it with turmeric. Haldi, but they do it with turmeric. Haldi, but they do it with turmeric. They do it with henna and turmeric. They They do it with henna and turmeric. They They do it with henna and turmeric. They apply it all over the place so you can see that apply it all over the place so you can see that apply it all over the place so you can see that every every every guest takes a little of that henna and guest takes a little of that henna and guest takes a little of that henna and turmeric and puts it on the bride's hands. turmeric and puts it on the bride's hands. turmeric and puts it on the bride's hands. I'll do it for you, sister, with henna, with henna and turmeric. The henna, the henna, the henna, it's in it. Oh my, oh my, oh my, what is this madness? What's wrong with you? I'll do it for you, sister, with henna, with henna and turmeric. The henna, the henna, the henna, it's in it. Oh my, oh my, oh my, what is this madness? What's wrong with you? Today I have to see the caterer. Today I have to decide what I want for the Today I have to see the caterer. Today I have to decide what I want for the Today I have to see the caterer. Today I have to decide what I want for the henna. I'll go to the one who will do the decorations for me. Today henna. I'll go to the one who will do the decorations for me. Today is the day. is the day. is the day. Yes, today. So, how will this day go? It's the Yes, today. So, how will this day go? It's the second day of the henna day, God willing. Yes, today is the day that will second day of the henna day, God willing. Yes, today is the day that will second day of the henna day, God willing. Yes, today is the day that will come. I'll do my bath. Actually, they'll keep come. I'll do my bath. Actually, they'll keep playing amongst themselves, playing amongst themselves. It's better to do the playing amongst themselves, playing amongst themselves. It's better to do the playing amongst themselves, playing amongst themselves. It's better to do the bath at home. We have a traditional hammam without bath at home. We have a traditional hammam without bath at home. We have a traditional hammam without going to the hammam or the bathhouse. And that's what's important. This is what I feel. The going to the hammam or the bathhouse. And that's what's important. This is what I feel. The only traditions that I won't do even only traditions that I won't do even only traditions that I won't do even We'll have them at the wedding, God willing. There's another We'll have them at the wedding, God willing. There's another We'll have them at the wedding, God willing. There's another wedding I'll have in wedding I'll have in wedding I'll have in October. I know they're like this, in the October. I know they're like this, in the October. I know they're like this, in the end he won't have the wedding for me. There's another wedding, this one is a wedding with specific end he won't have the wedding for me. There's another wedding, this one is a wedding with specific end he won't have the wedding for me. There's another wedding, this one is a wedding with specific details. They details. They details. They won't have another wedding, won't have another wedding, won't have another wedding, this one is a wedding with specific details. I still want the white dress. Are this one is a wedding with specific details. I still want the white dress. Are you expecting me? No, I'll you expecting me? No, I'll you expecting me? No, I'll wear it for you and you can do it. wear it for you and you can do it. wear it for you and you can do it. How many children do you have? I'm small. Okay, that's it, Mama. You're stressed. You have things to do. You want to sleep? I swear, I'm going to sleep. I swear, if you want to sleep, I don't know I'm small. Okay, that's it, Mama. You're stressed. You have things to do. You want to sleep? I swear, I'm going to sleep. I swear, if you want to sleep, I don't know how to do it. how to do it. how to do it. You know, she's silent. She's confused. She scared me. You know, she's silent. She's confused. She scared me. You know, she's silent. She's confused. She scared me. I say she's silent like this. I say she's silent like this. I say she's silent like this. No, no, I swear, I'm stressed. This is a sheet, and it's really No, no, I swear, I'm stressed. This is a sheet, and it's really No, no, I swear, I'm stressed. This is a sheet, and it's really heavy. And I built the helper and sent everyone. You're heavy. And I built the helper and sent everyone. You're heavy. And I built the helper and sent everyone. You're not alone. Go here, go here. And we live not alone. Go here, go here. And we live not alone. Go here, go here. And we live more in the car than at home. more in the car than at home. more in the car than at home. Oh, we haven't eaten yet. Oh, we haven't eaten yet. Oh, we haven't eaten yet. I swear, we haven't had breakfast. How many I swear, we haven't had breakfast. How many I swear, we haven't had breakfast. How many The unit, The unit, The unit, oh, we didn't eat, by oh, we didn't eat, by oh, we didn't eat, by God, we didn't eat. We woke up and went out, a glass of food for the God, we didn't eat. We woke up and went out, a glass of food for the God, we didn't eat. We woke up and went out, a glass of food for the stomachs. Well, we have nothing to do. These are the boys, I love you. Well, we have nothing to do. These are the boys, I love you. That one is doing the Sino thing. That one is doing the Sino thing. That one is doing the Sino thing. These are the boys, the boys, the boys. May These are the boys, the boys, the boys. May These are the boys, the boys, the boys. May God protect all the boys, that's all. God is yes, God protect all the boys, that's all. God is yes, God protect all the boys, that's all. God is yes, Amen. Anyway, this is the guy we were Amen. Anyway, this is the guy we were Amen. Anyway, this is the guy we were going to, we didn't find him. I have a grandfather, that's it. I'm done. going to, we didn't find him. I have a grandfather, that's it. I'm done. going to, we didn't find him. I have a grandfather, that's it. I'm done. I need someone to talk I need someone to talk I need someone to talk to me and give me [clears throat] a little comfort and a little to me and give me [clears throat] a little comfort and a little to me and give me [clears throat] a little comfort and a little strength and patience and encouragement and strength and patience and encouragement and strength and patience and encouragement and support. I'm completely lost. We did what we did. support. I'm completely lost. We did what we did. support. I'm completely lost. We did what we did. I want to say, "What's wrong, I want to say, "What's wrong, I want to say, "What's wrong, brother? Take it easy, why are you flying?" May God brother? Take it easy, why are you flying?" May God brother? Take it easy, why are you flying?" May God bring you together with your brother. bring you together with your brother. bring you together with your brother. Well, every time you're defeated, bring me something. God is the one who's defeated. We're Well, every time you're defeated, bring me something. God is the one who's defeated. We're Well, every time you're defeated, bring me something. God is the one who's defeated. We're not holding back. If we crowd together, we'll make room. I mean, not holding back. If we crowd together, we'll make room. I mean, not holding back. If we crowd together, we'll make room. I mean, the chicken, if you want the chicken, if you want the chicken, if you want roasted chicken, I wanted chicken. I said, "Leave roasted chicken, I wanted chicken. I said, "Leave roasted chicken, I wanted chicken. I said, "Leave the chicken until it's cooked." This is what will break the contract. May God have the chicken until it's cooked." This is what will break the contract. May God have the chicken until it's cooked." This is what will break the contract. May God have mercy on your parents. My outfit that  To mercy on your parents. My outfit that  To mercy on your parents. My outfit that  To welcome him, we'll receive him with Mama welcome him, we'll receive him with Mama welcome him, we'll receive him with Mama Safi's friends. As for the family, there's only us, that's Safi's friends. As for the family, there's only us, that's Safi's friends. As for the family, there's only us, that's between us, that's all. After that, between us, that's all. After that, between us, that's all. After that, my friend prepared everything I'll my friend prepared everything I'll my friend prepared everything I'll use in the hammam, the hammam clothes, the use in the hammam, the hammam clothes, the use in the hammam, the hammam clothes, the important thing is that the minister is doing her job important thing is that the minister is doing her job important thing is that the minister is doing her job as usual. Greetings to you, may God Almighty reward you. And as usual. Greetings to you, may God Almighty reward you. And as usual. Greetings to you, may God Almighty reward you. And he told you, "Normalmi, these are the fake henna designs that are supposed to be traditional. Are they he told you, "Normalmi, these are the fake henna designs that are supposed to be traditional. Are they he told you, "Normalmi, these are the fake henna designs that are supposed to be traditional. Are they Marrakesh or Moroccan Marrakesh or Moroccan Marrakesh or Moroccan traditions, my sister? traditions, my sister? traditions, my sister? Honestly, are they Marrakesh or Marrakesh tradition or Honestly, are they Marrakesh or Marrakesh tradition or Honestly, are they Marrakesh or Marrakesh tradition or Moroccan tradition? Moroccan tradition? Moroccan tradition? When I do the henna designs, the one who wants to get married quickly When I do the henna designs, the one who wants to get married quickly When I do the henna designs, the one who wants to get married quickly needs to sit down quickly." [ Laughter] From you, man, there is From you, man, there is From you, man, there is no god but God. [Laughter] Okay, that's enough. I'll ask [Laughter] Okay, that's enough. I'll ask [Laughter] Okay, that's enough. I'll ask him if this him if this him if this dress was dress was dress was from Dunia and Dunia, my aunt Mona. So, I did from Dunia and Dunia, my aunt Mona. So, I did from Dunia and Dunia, my aunt Mona. So, I did n't hate them, they were present with me, but n't hate them, they were present with me, but n't hate them, they were present with me, but I was surprised. Dunia already has her I was surprised. Dunia already has her I was surprised. Dunia already has her planners. planners. planners. Look at the play Look at the play Look at the play on the Messenger on the Messenger on the Messenger [music] of God with [music] God God God God God God God [music] [music] on [music] and the [music] and the [music] and the God [music] God God God God God [music] [music] [music] on [music] and the [music] and the [music] and the God [music] God God God God God [music] [music] [music] on [music] and the [music] and the [music] and the God [music] God God God God God [music] [music] [music] Adi [music] [music] [music] Let's go [music] [music] Oh, Ali [music Adi [music] [music] [music] Let's go [music] [music] Oh, Ali [music Adi [music] [music] [music] Let's go [music] [music] Oh, Ali [music ] Oh, Sana, oh, ] Oh, Sana, oh, and [ and [ and [ music] Oh, Naseema, and Yaseema, and Layla [music] and be aware music] Oh, Naseema, and Yaseema, and Layla [music] and be aware of them of them of them [music] and Layla, pray for them, and Layla, oh [music] [ [music] and Layla, pray for them, and Layla, oh [music] [ [music] and Layla, pray for them, and Layla, oh [music] [ laughter] Lina, the spirit of the oud [music] Lina, the spirit of the oud [music] Lina, the spirit of the oud [music] Spirit [music] Oh, love, repent to us completely, oh, love to us repent to us completely, oh, love to us repent to us completely, oh, love to us completely, oh, eyes, they are in front of me, my eyes, they are in completely, oh, eyes, they are in front of me, my eyes, they are in front of me Look who is the hair Where [music] Hila, what is it, where is it, it is, Where [music] Hila, what is it, where is it, it is, not Sheema and not Sheema and not Sheema and Hishan [music] It is Sheema [music] [ Hishan [music] It is Sheema [music] [ music] The affectionate brother, the affectionate brother [music] The affectionate, the affectionate, Sheena [music] [music] And he, and he [music [music] The affectionate, the affectionate, Sheena [music] [music] And he, and he [music [music] The affectionate, the affectionate, Sheena [music] [music] And he, and he [music ] There is and there is There is and there is There is and there is With Hello [Music] Hello [Music] Hello [Music] Hello my love [Music] Oh [Music] God [Music] Hello [Music ] And hello and hello and hello ] And hello and hello and hello and and and God bless you, my son, on the Messenger of God, our master Muhammad, God with master Muhammad, God with master Muhammad, God with the eye I started my daughter, not my aunt, my aunt, no, she's still I started my daughter, not my aunt, my aunt, no, she's still I started my daughter, not my aunt, my aunt, no, she's still young, she's still young, I said I wanted young, she's still young, I said I wanted young, she's still young, I said I wanted henna and I'll do it on her, God bless you, add more, drink henna and I'll do it on her, God bless you, add more, drink henna and I'll do it on her, God bless you, add more, drink this with my this with my this with my sister [Laughter] sister [Laughter] sister [Laughter] God keep your children for you, bless my daughter, God God keep your children for you, bless my daughter, God God keep your children for you, bless my daughter, God make it easy, and by make it easy, and by make it easy, and by God, they are not, they are not, bring God, they are not, they are not, bring God, they are not, they are not, bring Salma, they are not, they are Salma, they are not, they are Salma, they are not, they are not, I am their mother not, I am their mother not, I am their mother [Music] And a night [Music] night [Music] night [Music] Hussein [ Music] Music] Music] My family [Music] [Music ] My aunt, on the nest, My aunt, on the nest, My aunt, on the nest, we hit the best, the pigeons, Bushra rubbed me and we hit the best, the pigeons, Bushra rubbed me and we hit the best, the pigeons, Bushra rubbed me and we wore this thing and that's it, let's see we wore this thing and that's it, let's see we wore this thing and that's it, let's see now, Snakes [Music] And the [ And the [ And the [ Music] [Music] The high [Music] The The high [Music] The The high [Music] The eye, oh [Music] [Music ] Here is Here is Here is the Indian, here she is, here the Indian, here she is, here the Indian, here she is, here she is she is [Music] Here she is, here she is, here she is [Music] In the name of God upon my daughter, in the name of God [Music] upon her, in the name of In the name of God upon my daughter, in the name of God [Music] upon her, in the name of In the name of God upon my daughter, in the name of God [Music] upon her, in the name of God upon her [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] H [Music] [Music] God upon her [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] H [Music] [Music] God upon her [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] H [Music] [Music] [Music] May [Music] May [Music] May God complete it with goodness, we are all for you, God God complete it with goodness, we are all for you, God God complete it with goodness, we are all for you, God willing, O Lord, willing, O Lord, willing, O Lord, and we rejoice with you, O Lord, may and we rejoice with you, O Lord, may and we rejoice with you, O Lord, may God complete it for you with goodness, my daughter Wiam, Wiam, may God complete it for you with goodness, and God complete it for you with goodness, my daughter Wiam, Wiam, may God complete it for you with goodness, and God complete it for you with goodness, my daughter Wiam, Wiam, may God complete it for you with goodness, and God [Music] may goodness be upon you, you and my sister, may God be upon you with goodness, and may God [Music] may goodness be upon you, you and my sister, may God be upon you with goodness, and may God keep you always for God keep you always for God keep you always for each other, and may God give you righteous offspring, O each other, and may God give you righteous offspring, O each other, and may God give you righteous offspring, O Lord, Amen, and you deserve it [Music] Lord, Amen, and you deserve it [Music] Lord, Amen, and you deserve it [Music] O dear one [Music] [Music] [Music] upon her, and may O dear one [Music] [Music] [Music] upon her, and may O dear one [Music] [Music] [Music] upon her, and may God keep her God keep her God keep her [Music] upon her, Mubarak Saud, I love you so much [Laughter] May Mubarak Saud, I love you so much [Laughter] May Mubarak Saud, I love you so much [Laughter] May God complete it for you with goodness and open for you the door of God complete it for you with goodness and open for you the door of God complete it for you with goodness and open for you the door of goodness, O Lord, and give you righteous offspring, I love you so much, so much, so much, I goodness, O Lord, and give you righteous offspring, I love you so much, so much, so much, I goodness, O Lord, and give you righteous offspring, I love you so much, so much, so much, I complete it for you with goodness, I am complete it for you with goodness, I am complete it for you with goodness, I am happy, the happy, the happy, the last one you love [Laughter] last one you love [Laughter] last one you love [Laughter] I was the one who  Aisha, that's what I'm going through. I was the one who  Aisha, that's what I'm going through. I was the one who  Aisha, that's what I'm going through. I'm so happy for them, God willing, with health and well-being. I'm so happy for them, God willing, with health and well-being. I don't know how to say it, be quiet, be patient with me [laughs]. I don't know how to say it, be quiet, be patient with me [laughs]. I don't know how to say it, be quiet, be patient with me [laughs]. And I'll say to her, may God grant you goodness, and I want to say, my sister, may God grant her complete goodness want to say, my sister, may God grant her complete goodness want to say, my sister, may God grant her complete goodness with companions, God willing, and I with companions, God willing, and I with companions, God willing, and I love you, and may God make you happy, God willing, oh, and consider it [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] I want to say one word of thanks to this sister, may God keep her for you, may God keep her, may God keep her, may God keep her, may God keep her, may God keep her, may God keep her, brotherhood, and brotherhood is sweet [music] sweet, our brother [music] [music] [music] I want to say one word of thanks to this sister, may God keep her for you, may God keep her, may God keep her, may God keep her, may God keep her, may God keep her, may God keep her, brotherhood, and brotherhood is sweet [music] sweet, our brother [music] [music] [music] I want to say one word of thanks to this sister, may God keep her for you, may God keep her, may God keep her, may God keep her, may God keep her, may God keep her, may God keep her, brotherhood, and brotherhood is sweet [music] sweet, our brother [music] [music] Uncle doesn't like us, oh, he doesn't like us, our sweat Uncle doesn't like us, oh, he doesn't like us, our sweat [laughs] in the neighborhood [laughs] We did the big training, show them on Sunday how we'll draw them, we're not like that [laughs] [laughs] in the neighborhood [laughs] We did the big training, show them on Sunday how we'll draw them, we're not like that [laughs] [laughs] in the neighborhood [laughs] We did the big training, show them on Sunday how we'll draw them, we're not like that [laughs] This won't drown you, I came from work, she This won't drown you, I came from work, she This won't drown you, I came from work, she was working with the camera zoom and we [laughs] was working with the camera zoom and we [laughs] was working with the camera zoom and we [laughs] Where are we sitting  We were sitting next to the bride, but there is Where are we sitting  We were sitting next to the bride, but there is Where are we sitting  We were sitting next to the bride, but there is no god but God. The bride was taken in and washed no god but God. The bride was taken in and washed no god but God. The bride was taken in and washed in 40-degree heat. She told you, " She told you, " She told you, " We're going in, stay here, I'm with you." We're going in, stay here, I'm with you." We're going in, stay here, I'm with you." Zaid, the camera was moving. I lifted the camera and lifted the camera and lifted the camera and left the two kitchens. They're the ones who are taking care of left the two kitchens. They're the ones who are taking care of left the two kitchens. They're the ones who are taking care of Salma, even Himam. Mama's friends have grown up. Bring me the toys. Mama's friends have grown up. Bring me the toys. Mama's friends have grown up. Bring me the toys. I'm telling you all, you're going out in this vlog. I'm telling you all, you're going out in this vlog. I'm telling you all, you're going out in this vlog. My friends are the My friends are the My friends are the biggest. This is the daughter of Makuzin, Shahd. I'm crazy about her, I'm obsessed with her. She's dying for her, biggest. This is the daughter of Makuzin, Shahd. I'm crazy about her, I'm obsessed with her. She's dying for her, biggest. This is the daughter of Makuzin, Shahd. I'm crazy about her, I'm obsessed with her. She's dying for her, dying for her. I dying for her. I dying for her. I knew that the word "Ninost" in her name is "honesty." [ knew that the word "Ninost" in her name is "honesty." [ knew that the word "Ninost" in her name is "honesty." [ Laughter] That's it. [Screaming] A tent. Whenever she gives birth, I go in with her during the birth. A tent. Whenever she gives birth, I go in with her during the birth. A tent. Whenever she gives birth, I go in with her during the birth. A partner. [Laughter] May God make you happy. Amen, amen. May God bring them together. That's it. She's grown up. She's had her period. [ Amen, amen. May God bring them together. That's it. She's grown up. She's had her period. [ Amen, amen. May God bring them together. That's it. She's grown up. She's had her period. [ Laughter] May Laughter] May Laughter] May God make you happy, Lord. May God make you happy, Lord. May God make you happy, Lord. May God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. And I named him so he'd watch it. [Laughter] Take care of And I named him so he'd watch it. [Laughter] Take care of And I named him so he'd watch it. [Laughter] Take care of your sister's husband. My sister said, "Take care of him, your sister's husband. My sister said, "Take care of him, your sister's husband. My sister said, "Take care of him, they have harmony." [Laughter] One. No, even if he searches, he won't find anyone like they have harmony." [Laughter] One. No, even if he searches, he won't find anyone like they have harmony." [Laughter] One. No, even if he searches, he won't find anyone like you. you. you. Even if he searches,  Oh, my rose, in the garden, oh, pebble [singing] rose, in the garden, oh, pebble [singing] rose, in the garden, oh, pebble [singing] butterfly, oh, religion of kindness, oh, butterfly, oh butterfly, oh, religion of kindness, oh, butterfly, oh butterfly, oh, religion of kindness, oh, butterfly, oh housing, no