Lorelle and I went shopping on Sunday for Lorelle and I went shopping on Sunday for Lorelle and I went shopping on Sunday for our new apartment.  You can do the whole thing our new apartment.  You can do the whole thing our new apartment.  You can do the whole thing in Herlen, Netherlands in Herlen, Netherlands in Herlen, Netherlands , because there are so many of these , because there are so many of these , because there are so many of these stores in one place.  First we went stores in one place.  First we went stores in one place.  First we went to a decoration shop; they had all to a decoration shop; they had all to a decoration shop; they had all sorts of decorations, lamps, but also some sorts of decorations, lamps, but also some sorts of decorations, lamps, but also some furniture.  Then we went to Quantum.  This furniture.  Then we went to Quantum.  This furniture.  Then we went to Quantum.  This is already super hyped on TikTok.   But is already super hyped on TikTok.   But is already super hyped on TikTok.   But I have to say, I didn't find that I have to say, I didn't find that I have to say, I didn't find that so great.  Yes, they did have some nice so great.  Yes, they did have some nice so great.  Yes, they did have some nice decorative items.  I've decorative items.  I've decorative items.  I've shown you those here too, but some of them were shown you those here too, but some of them were shown you those here too, but some of them were very colorful and looked a bit very colorful and looked a bit very colorful and looked a bit cheap.  Then I cheap.  Then I cheap.  Then I saw this ultra cute doorstop at J's.  We saw this ultra cute doorstop at J's.  We saw this ultra cute doorstop at J's.  We were in a shop where I were in a shop where I were in a shop where I immediately fell in love with everything.  It was such immediately fell in love with everything.  It was such immediately fell in love with everything.  It was such a dream.  They had beautiful a dream.  They had beautiful a dream.  They had beautiful beds and sofas, and also incredibly beautiful beds and sofas, and also incredibly beautiful beds and sofas, and also incredibly beautiful decorations, but unfortunately they were a bit more expensive. decorations, but unfortunately they were a bit more expensive. decorations, but unfortunately they were a bit more expensive. Then we went to Zenox, or whatever the Then we went to Zenox, or whatever the Then we went to Zenox, or whatever the store is called.  They had everything store is called.  They had everything store is called.  They had everything imaginable, including kitchen utensils.  In the imaginable, including kitchen utensils.  In the imaginable, including kitchen utensils.  In the end, we went to IKEA end, we went to IKEA end, we went to IKEA and only and only and only bought things there.