So many of you were asking which So many of you were asking which So many of you were asking which tint do you use, which is literally finished now tint do you use, which is literally finished now tint do you use, which is literally finished now and trust me this is my fourth and trust me this is my fourth and trust me this is my fourth or fifth bottle which I have restocked again. It is the or fifth bottle which I have restocked again. It is the or fifth bottle which I have restocked again. It is the tint, its name is Tude Water tint, its name is Tude Water tint, its name is Tude Water Tint, this is the double of Bene Tint, it is more Tint, this is the double of Bene Tint, it is more Tint, this is the double of Bene Tint, it is more expensive and to be honest I have expensive and to be honest I have expensive and to be honest I have heard better reviews of it than this. heard better reviews of it than this. heard better reviews of it than this. This is how it looks like this, if you This is how it looks like this, if you This is how it looks like this, if you want its link then let me know. I will want its link then let me know. I will want its link then let me know. I will tell you its benefits, you look tell you its benefits, you look tell you its benefits, you look so fresh at once when you apply it. Second and the so fresh at once when you apply it. Second and the so fresh at once when you apply it. Second and the most important thing is that you apply it in the morning most important thing is that you apply it in the morning most important thing is that you apply it in the morning and literally it stays till evening, it seems there is and literally it stays till evening, it seems there is and literally it stays till evening, it seems there is no drawback also, if you no drawback also, if you no drawback also, if you apply it and leave it, if you do like this, apply it apply it and leave it, if you do like this, apply it apply it and leave it, if you do like this, apply it here, apply it here, apply it here, apply it here, apply it here, apply it here, apply it here, blend it later, by then here, blend it later, by then here, blend it later, by then it gets set, so it gets set, so it gets set, so you have to blend it as soon as you apply it, you have to blend it as soon as you apply it, you have to blend it as soon as you apply it, on your eyes, cheeks, nose, everywhere it is the tint on your eyes, cheeks, nose, everywhere it is the tint on your eyes, cheeks, nose, everywhere it is the tint that I use every day and I love it