Hello everyone and welcome back to the
channel. Thank you so much for being
here. Now, if this is your first time
here, my name is Fiddle and Johnny and
it's my fiddle channel and magic product
review. And before every Magic product
review or almost, I always try to do a
quick fiddle tune and I'm back to doing
fiddle tunes. So, see if you can guess
this tune and we will get right into
this review. Here we go.
Heat. Heat. [music]
All right, there you go. Name that tune.
Put it down there in the comments if you
know what it is. Anyway, hey, I'm really
glad you're here.
I know you really want to just get into
this. It is Teno's release of Jailbreak.
That's right. Here at the review
channel, it's Teno week and we're
reviewing some of the Teno releases for
2026. So, stick around and we'll get
into Jailbreak from Teno Magic.
All right, let's do a very quick [music]
demo here. This is Jailbreak. You can
show it from all sides as much as you
want.
Show that the bars move fine and that it
is solid. Uh you can then take what they
provided for you, this little card, set
it on there, take a credit card from
another magic trick, and you can just
show that it'll melt right through
there. Do so by lifting this up, and you
can actually see that it is penetrating
through the bars. Um, if you want, pull
these to show that they actually
continue to go through and
remove. You can do the same thing with
this, except you would do it with a deck
of cards. I've got my market magic shop
from the Seattle shop. Same sort of
thing. You can do an entire deck of
cards. For time, I won't show that. I'll
actually
show you um this here with our Kikcommen
because today we're sponsored by Kikman.
Uh yep, I know it's pretty incredible
that they're sponsoring a magic video.
But you can just go ahead and take it.
Hope you can see that really well. Put
that up there. Look. Goes right through.
See that from all sides.
Goes right through it. And if you go
slowly,
you can show
it goes through the entire thing. Forgot
to show that you can actually move the
bars uh as much as you want. I don't
know if you can see that though. Like
there.
And that is jailbreak for you. All
right. And you can show too that again
they're all solid. All right. I hope
that is helpful in our demo of Jailbreak
by Teno Magic.
It's nice to see all of you once again.
Thank you so much for being here. All
right, I know you want to get into
Jailbreak by Teno. So, let's do it.
Let's do a quick recap. If you don't
know what Teno is, Tenyo is a Japanese
company that has been for decades
releasing uh annually new tricks.
They've sort of taken some classic
illusions and turned them into sort of
this mass production uh for collectors
and maybe young people and hobbyists and
well just about anyone who might be
interested. That's 10. So um what is
Jailbreak? This is in my opinion my
favorite release so far uh from this
year of the 10. Now I don't have the
entire series uh cuz I only purchased
the ones that I thought that seems kind
of cool. So, what is the effect of
jailbreak? Essentially, it is the idea,
and I I did a demo, so I don't know if
I'll run it right now or if I'll run it
at the end, but essentially, you have
this thing. I don't know if you can see
it very well, but it's essentially
a uh looks like a gel that has
impenetrable bars that are solid that
your spectators can touch. Uh they can
push in as much as they want. They can
see that they're solid. They can move
the little bars down here and see that
they don't move. You then borrow a
credit card or a solid object of some
sorts and you're able to have it
penetrate right through uh the bars.
It's a wonderfully visual effect. You
can do credit cards through it. You can
do entire decks of cards. You can do
Kiko men. You can do small uh cans of
soda through it. So, you can do a wine
glass through it. So, there's a bunch of
penetrations that you can do. And again,
sort of recap, you can move these bars
while it's in play and show that it's
still penetrating going through it. They
actually do move on both sides. Uh, and
that when you're begin or end, you can
always have them touch the bars to see
that they are indeed solid bars and
immovable.
That's the effect in essence.
[clears throat] Let's talk about what
are you going to get in this box right
here. Well, you're going to get this
whole, we'll call it the gimmick. All
right. You're going to get the gimmick.
You're also going to get some rubber
bands. I 10 of them. And um yeah, or
maybe five of them. You don't get a lot
of them, but they're basic rubber bands.
Nothing fancy about them. So, you're
going to get some rubber bands. You're
going to get instructions. They are
paper instructions that have QR codes to
the actual video tutorial. It's always
important to note if you are not aware
that the instructions always come in
Japanese for any of the teno releases,
but on those it has a QR code that will
link you to an English instruction for
the release that also has the QR code
for the video tutorial. Now, the video
tutorial uh is in Japanese and in
English. in the English version. It is
the Japanese version with basically
English voice over on it. Uh and that's
um what you're getting in the tutorial.
Now, uh I should remind you that the
downloadable instructions that you get
are a Acrobat PDF version of it if
you're doing it in English because
they're not provided in English in it.
Um the tutorial for this one is it's
almost basically 10 and 1/2 minutes.
It's 10 minutes and 26 seconds. So, you
got about 10 and 1/2 minutes of tutorial
on this. Um, and it's hosted on the Teno
site.
10 minutes, not super long, but that's
what you get for this. Uh, let's talk
about how are the instructions on this.
They are average. Average at best. Look,
for a trick where you only get 10
minutes of instruction, not amazing.
It's not terrible easy ter terrible at
the same time because the trick itself
is really pretty easy to perform. Um so
it doesn't need lots of nuance and that
sort of stuff and I think for the target
audience for it it's appropriate um for
it. Um all right
let's really this is the one thing of
the tenyo effects that I got this year.
This gimmick was extremely
difficult for me to assemble. Um, I'd be
curious down in the comments if other
folks had the same challenge. Right
before this, I filmed a um a demo of it
and I don't want to say I busted it, but
it all came apart and I thought, "Oh,
not a problem. I can redo it again."
Even though I know that I'd had
challenges in the past when I first
assembled it and I still had some
challenges putting it together. The
instructions on the paper instructions,
I don't find them that great to be
honest. Um, and not super easy. On the
video tutorial, also the same. They were
not that helpful. So, I would say if you
purchase this, when it comes right out
of the box, be super careful. Um, and I
don't think it's assembled. you have to
do some assembly at the very beginning
and just pay close attention to the
instructions. Plan that it'll take
longer than you anticipate. Uh and um
try not to get frustrated as I did get
frustrated with it. And anytime it comes
apart, I imagine you have to put it back
together several times before you
finally get the real knack for it. Uh
but I found that the most frustrating
part of it. It's not a a deal breakaker
because it works once you can get it
together, but not the most intuitive
thing in terms of how you assemble it.
Okay, but the gimmick, it's all plastic
and these bars are sort of metal bars
and they really do move quite easily on
here. So, it does the job that it's
supposed to do uh as a gimmick. Um,
I will also say about the gimmick, they
advertise it where you put a Coke can
through it. Keep in mind, it's got to be
a pretty thin uh type of an object to
fit through here. That's why I use this
here in my demo because um I a regulariz
pop can in the United States does not
fit through here. So, it needs to be
something that's skinnier and sort of
smaller to fit through it.
I think the other thing that's really
important with this is that it does talk
and so and it talks um at the point that
you're uh postexamination
from your spectator to see that the bars
are solid and then when you're done
again and you're going to hand it back
out uh and show that the bars are solid,
it does talk. So you sort of want to
just be aware of it. Again, not a deal
killer, but something to be aware of uh
on this. I don't Some people might
notice it because it's a little bit
loud. I think if you're talking and
moving, people won't notice it. Okay,
let's talk about what is the skill
level. This is a beginner. I think these
are marketed really towards the
collector and towards kids. However, I
would say this one is probably a little
bit better for maybe some older people.
And by older people, I mean adult
hobbyists. Uh it it's really good for
it. I think in the last video of my
tenure stuff if you watch like I do
think these are really great for uh
young people and the hobbyists. It's the
sort of thing for my tenure stuff. I
actually have them in my living room on
bookshelves and there sort of thing if
somebody comes over and says hey what's
that? I can pull it down and do a quick
magic trick for them with sort of this
kind of cheap plastic um
gimmick. So I was looking for the right
word. senior moment. Uh, so I I think
those are the things that you'll want to
know about the gimmick. When we talk
about skill level, I talked about it's
it's beginner uh skill level. Um, and
this is one that I did feel like,
however, despite that it's beginner
level, I don't know that it's the best
trick if it's your very first trick
purchasing. I think some of these teno
stuff is better for at least 10 year
olds and up, maybe 13 or 14 year olds
for this one. um is my thinking. Um and
it's just an opinion. So um but I don't
know if it's the best very first trick
if you purchase because there's a little
bit of subtle and new subtlety and
nuance. Maybe after you've been doing
magic for about a year, it would be
fine. So but still technically beginner
level and it does require a little bit
of practice, but you can start
performing it probably after 10 minutes
of practice to be honest. So all right.
Um, I always like to go over sort of
like what are the pros and cons or the
things I'd like to know uh if uh before
purchasing this. So, if I were on your
side over there, it does exactly what it
says. Um, it's not really a serious
magician's tool. Um, if you're a working
professional, I can't imagine using
this, but it is great for the hobbyist
and the young person. Um,
it's a little tricky to put together.
Um, but once you get together, you
should be fine for the most part. Uh,
another thing is that you'll probably
while you can be pretty rough on the
rods here, there is a certain point
where they will bend because they are
skinny rods. So, don't ask a spectator
to do all their might to bend it because
they will bend it ultimately. Although,
they are uh solid and just keeping that
in mind. That is definitely a um
spectator management type of an issue
for it. Let's talk about the cost. It
runs for $20. I think that's a great
price uh for the teno tricks and I think
they're all pretty much reasonably
priced, but it's $20. All right, that's
it. Look, at the end of the day, it's a
Teno trick. It's a great sort of
beginner magic hobbyist uh sort of
effect. Does exactly what it uh says it
does. Uh difficult to put together. Um
and great to sort of have on a shelf.
Great talking piece and fun to perform
uh for folks.
and it's wonderfully visual. I think
that's sort of the highlights for it.
Um, if you purchased it, leave a comment
down below in terms of what your
experience is with it. Uh, if you like
it or not, if there was something I
missed, if you think I got something
wrong, let me know about that down in
the comments. And of course, if you have
not yet hit that like button, hit the
like button uh for me. It improves my
eyesight, and since I've got failing
eyesight, it will help with the
eyesight. So, please hit that like
button and if you have not yet
subscribed, don't be the last one to
subscribe. Subscribe now and uh you'll
continue to get more content on a
regular basis and you'll see some of my
other teno uh reviews for the year. All
right, that's it. Before I go, just want
to say thank you everyone here for being
here, for being part of the magic
community, for bringing a piece of
light, joy, and astonishment uh to the
world. We need more of it and you are
part of a large community that's doing
that and I appreciate your corner of the
world that you are doing it. So, thank
you for doing that. I'm Fiddlin Johnny
and remember to keep fiddling around
with your magic. I'll see youall next
time. Bye-bye.
