Hello everyone and welcome back to the Hello everyone and welcome back to the Hello everyone and welcome back to the channel. Thank you so much for being channel. Thank you so much for being channel. Thank you so much for being here. Now, if this is your first time here. Now, if this is your first time here. Now, if this is your first time here, my name is Fiddle and Johnny and here, my name is Fiddle and Johnny and here, my name is Fiddle and Johnny and it's my fiddle channel and magic product it's my fiddle channel and magic product it's my fiddle channel and magic product review. And before every Magic product review. And before every Magic product review. And before every Magic product review or almost, I always try to do a review or almost, I always try to do a review or almost, I always try to do a quick fiddle tune and I'm back to doing quick fiddle tune and I'm back to doing quick fiddle tune and I'm back to doing fiddle tunes. So, see if you can guess fiddle tunes. So, see if you can guess fiddle tunes. So, see if you can guess this tune and we will get right into this tune and we will get right into this tune and we will get right into this review. Here we go. >> [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] >> [music] >> All right, there you go. Name that tune. >> All right, there you go. Name that tune. >> All right, there you go. Name that tune. Put it down there in the comments if you Put it down there in the comments if you Put it down there in the comments if you know what it is. Anyway, hey, I'm really know what it is. Anyway, hey, I'm really know what it is. Anyway, hey, I'm really glad you're here. glad you're here. glad you're here. I know you really want to just get into I know you really want to just get into I know you really want to just get into this. It is Teno's release of Jailbreak. this. It is Teno's release of Jailbreak. this. It is Teno's release of Jailbreak. That's right. Here at the review That's right. Here at the review That's right. Here at the review channel, it's Teno week and we're channel, it's Teno week and we're channel, it's Teno week and we're reviewing some of the Teno releases for reviewing some of the Teno releases for reviewing some of the Teno releases for 2026. So, stick around and we'll get 2026. So, stick around and we'll get 2026. So, stick around and we'll get into Jailbreak from Teno Magic. All right, let's do a very quick [music] All right, let's do a very quick [music] All right, let's do a very quick [music] demo here. This is Jailbreak. You can demo here. This is Jailbreak. You can demo here. This is Jailbreak. You can show it from all sides as much as you show it from all sides as much as you show it from all sides as much as you want. want. want. Show that the bars move fine and that it Show that the bars move fine and that it Show that the bars move fine and that it is solid. Uh you can then take what they is solid. Uh you can then take what they is solid. Uh you can then take what they provided for you, this little card, set provided for you, this little card, set provided for you, this little card, set it on there, take a credit card from it on there, take a credit card from it on there, take a credit card from another magic trick, and you can just another magic trick, and you can just another magic trick, and you can just show that it'll melt right through show that it'll melt right through show that it'll melt right through there. Do so by lifting this up, and you there. Do so by lifting this up, and you there. Do so by lifting this up, and you can actually see that it is penetrating can actually see that it is penetrating can actually see that it is penetrating through the bars. Um, if you want, pull through the bars. Um, if you want, pull through the bars. Um, if you want, pull these to show that they actually these to show that they actually these to show that they actually continue to go through and continue to go through and continue to go through and remove. You can do the same thing with remove. You can do the same thing with remove. You can do the same thing with this, except you would do it with a deck this, except you would do it with a deck this, except you would do it with a deck of cards. I've got my market magic shop of cards. I've got my market magic shop of cards. I've got my market magic shop from the Seattle shop. Same sort of from the Seattle shop. Same sort of from the Seattle shop. Same sort of thing. You can do an entire deck of thing. You can do an entire deck of thing. You can do an entire deck of cards. For time, I won't show that. I'll cards. For time, I won't show that. I'll cards. For time, I won't show that. I'll actually actually actually show you um this here with our Kikcommen show you um this here with our Kikcommen show you um this here with our Kikcommen because today we're sponsored by Kikman. because today we're sponsored by Kikman. because today we're sponsored by Kikman. Uh yep, I know it's pretty incredible Uh yep, I know it's pretty incredible Uh yep, I know it's pretty incredible that they're sponsoring a magic video. that they're sponsoring a magic video. that they're sponsoring a magic video. But you can just go ahead and take it. But you can just go ahead and take it. But you can just go ahead and take it. Hope you can see that really well. Put Hope you can see that really well. Put Hope you can see that really well. Put that up there. Look. Goes right through. that up there. Look. Goes right through. that up there. Look. Goes right through. See that from all sides. Goes right through it. And if you go Goes right through it. And if you go Goes right through it. And if you go slowly, slowly, slowly, you can show you can show you can show it goes through the entire thing. Forgot it goes through the entire thing. Forgot it goes through the entire thing. Forgot to show that you can actually move the to show that you can actually move the to show that you can actually move the bars uh as much as you want. I don't bars uh as much as you want. I don't bars uh as much as you want. I don't know if you can see that though. Like know if you can see that though. Like know if you can see that though. Like there. And that is jailbreak for you. All And that is jailbreak for you. All And that is jailbreak for you. All right. And you can show too that again right. And you can show too that again right. And you can show too that again they're all solid. All right. I hope they're all solid. All right. I hope they're all solid. All right. I hope that is helpful in our demo of Jailbreak that is helpful in our demo of Jailbreak that is helpful in our demo of Jailbreak by Teno Magic. by Teno Magic. by Teno Magic. It's nice to see all of you once again. It's nice to see all of you once again. It's nice to see all of you once again. Thank you so much for being here. All Thank you so much for being here. All Thank you so much for being here. All right, I know you want to get into right, I know you want to get into right, I know you want to get into Jailbreak by Teno. So, let's do it. Jailbreak by Teno. So, let's do it. Jailbreak by Teno. So, let's do it. Let's do a quick recap. If you don't Let's do a quick recap. If you don't Let's do a quick recap. If you don't know what Teno is, Tenyo is a Japanese know what Teno is, Tenyo is a Japanese know what Teno is, Tenyo is a Japanese company that has been for decades company that has been for decades company that has been for decades releasing uh annually new tricks. releasing uh annually new tricks. releasing uh annually new tricks. They've sort of taken some classic They've sort of taken some classic They've sort of taken some classic illusions and turned them into sort of illusions and turned them into sort of illusions and turned them into sort of this mass production uh for collectors this mass production uh for collectors this mass production uh for collectors and maybe young people and hobbyists and and maybe young people and hobbyists and and maybe young people and hobbyists and well just about anyone who might be well just about anyone who might be well just about anyone who might be interested. That's 10. So um what is interested. That's 10. So um what is interested. That's 10. So um what is Jailbreak? This is in my opinion my Jailbreak? This is in my opinion my Jailbreak? This is in my opinion my favorite release so far uh from this favorite release so far uh from this favorite release so far uh from this year of the 10. Now I don't have the year of the 10. Now I don't have the year of the 10. Now I don't have the entire series uh cuz I only purchased entire series uh cuz I only purchased entire series uh cuz I only purchased the ones that I thought that seems kind the ones that I thought that seems kind the ones that I thought that seems kind of cool. So, what is the effect of of cool. So, what is the effect of of cool. So, what is the effect of jailbreak? Essentially, it is the idea, jailbreak? Essentially, it is the idea, jailbreak? Essentially, it is the idea, and I I did a demo, so I don't know if and I I did a demo, so I don't know if and I I did a demo, so I don't know if I'll run it right now or if I'll run it I'll run it right now or if I'll run it I'll run it right now or if I'll run it at the end, but essentially, you have at the end, but essentially, you have at the end, but essentially, you have this thing. I don't know if you can see this thing. I don't know if you can see this thing. I don't know if you can see it very well, but it's essentially it very well, but it's essentially it very well, but it's essentially a uh looks like a gel that has a uh looks like a gel that has a uh looks like a gel that has impenetrable bars that are solid that impenetrable bars that are solid that impenetrable bars that are solid that your spectators can touch. Uh they can your spectators can touch. Uh they can your spectators can touch. Uh they can push in as much as they want. They can push in as much as they want. They can push in as much as they want. They can see that they're solid. They can move see that they're solid. They can move see that they're solid. They can move the little bars down here and see that the little bars down here and see that the little bars down here and see that they don't move. You then borrow a they don't move. You then borrow a they don't move. You then borrow a credit card or a solid object of some credit card or a solid object of some credit card or a solid object of some sorts and you're able to have it sorts and you're able to have it sorts and you're able to have it penetrate right through uh the bars. penetrate right through uh the bars. penetrate right through uh the bars. It's a wonderfully visual effect. You It's a wonderfully visual effect. You It's a wonderfully visual effect. You can do credit cards through it. You can can do credit cards through it. You can can do credit cards through it. You can do entire decks of cards. You can do do entire decks of cards. You can do do entire decks of cards. You can do Kiko men. You can do small uh cans of Kiko men. You can do small uh cans of Kiko men. You can do small uh cans of soda through it. So, you can do a wine soda through it. So, you can do a wine soda through it. So, you can do a wine glass through it. So, there's a bunch of glass through it. So, there's a bunch of glass through it. So, there's a bunch of penetrations that you can do. And again, penetrations that you can do. And again, penetrations that you can do. And again, sort of recap, you can move these bars sort of recap, you can move these bars sort of recap, you can move these bars while it's in play and show that it's while it's in play and show that it's while it's in play and show that it's still penetrating going through it. They still penetrating going through it. They still penetrating going through it. They actually do move on both sides. Uh, and actually do move on both sides. Uh, and actually do move on both sides. Uh, and that when you're begin or end, you can that when you're begin or end, you can that when you're begin or end, you can always have them touch the bars to see always have them touch the bars to see always have them touch the bars to see that they are indeed solid bars and that they are indeed solid bars and that they are indeed solid bars and immovable. immovable. immovable. That's the effect in essence. That's the effect in essence. That's the effect in essence. [clears throat] Let's talk about what [clears throat] Let's talk about what [clears throat] Let's talk about what are you going to get in this box right are you going to get in this box right are you going to get in this box right here. Well, you're going to get this here. Well, you're going to get this here. Well, you're going to get this whole, we'll call it the gimmick. All whole, we'll call it the gimmick. All whole, we'll call it the gimmick. All right. You're going to get the gimmick. right. You're going to get the gimmick. right. You're going to get the gimmick. You're also going to get some rubber You're also going to get some rubber You're also going to get some rubber bands. I 10 of them. And um yeah, or bands. I 10 of them. And um yeah, or bands. I 10 of them. And um yeah, or maybe five of them. You don't get a lot maybe five of them. You don't get a lot maybe five of them. You don't get a lot of them, but they're basic rubber bands. of them, but they're basic rubber bands. of them, but they're basic rubber bands. Nothing fancy about them. So, you're Nothing fancy about them. So, you're Nothing fancy about them. So, you're going to get some rubber bands. You're going to get some rubber bands. You're going to get some rubber bands. You're going to get instructions. They are going to get instructions. They are going to get instructions. They are paper instructions that have QR codes to paper instructions that have QR codes to paper instructions that have QR codes to the actual video tutorial. It's always the actual video tutorial. It's always the actual video tutorial. It's always important to note if you are not aware important to note if you are not aware important to note if you are not aware that the instructions always come in that the instructions always come in that the instructions always come in Japanese for any of the teno releases, Japanese for any of the teno releases, Japanese for any of the teno releases, but on those it has a QR code that will but on those it has a QR code that will but on those it has a QR code that will link you to an English instruction for link you to an English instruction for link you to an English instruction for the release that also has the QR code the release that also has the QR code the release that also has the QR code for the video tutorial. Now, the video for the video tutorial. Now, the video for the video tutorial. Now, the video tutorial uh is in Japanese and in tutorial uh is in Japanese and in tutorial uh is in Japanese and in English. in the English version. It is English. in the English version. It is English. in the English version. It is the Japanese version with basically the Japanese version with basically the Japanese version with basically English voice over on it. Uh and that's English voice over on it. Uh and that's English voice over on it. Uh and that's um what you're getting in the tutorial. um what you're getting in the tutorial. um what you're getting in the tutorial. Now, uh I should remind you that the Now, uh I should remind you that the Now, uh I should remind you that the downloadable instructions that you get downloadable instructions that you get downloadable instructions that you get are a Acrobat PDF version of it if are a Acrobat PDF version of it if are a Acrobat PDF version of it if you're doing it in English because you're doing it in English because you're doing it in English because they're not provided in English in it. they're not provided in English in it. they're not provided in English in it. Um the tutorial for this one is it's Um the tutorial for this one is it's Um the tutorial for this one is it's almost basically 10 and 1/2 minutes. almost basically 10 and 1/2 minutes. almost basically 10 and 1/2 minutes. It's 10 minutes and 26 seconds. So, you It's 10 minutes and 26 seconds. So, you It's 10 minutes and 26 seconds. So, you got about 10 and 1/2 minutes of tutorial got about 10 and 1/2 minutes of tutorial got about 10 and 1/2 minutes of tutorial on this. Um, and it's hosted on the Teno on this. Um, and it's hosted on the Teno on this. Um, and it's hosted on the Teno site. site. site. 10 minutes, not super long, but that's 10 minutes, not super long, but that's 10 minutes, not super long, but that's what you get for this. Uh, let's talk what you get for this. Uh, let's talk what you get for this. Uh, let's talk about how are the instructions on this. about how are the instructions on this. about how are the instructions on this. They are average. Average at best. Look, They are average. Average at best. Look, They are average. Average at best. Look, for a trick where you only get 10 for a trick where you only get 10 for a trick where you only get 10 minutes of instruction, not amazing. minutes of instruction, not amazing. minutes of instruction, not amazing. It's not terrible easy ter terrible at It's not terrible easy ter terrible at It's not terrible easy ter terrible at the same time because the trick itself the same time because the trick itself the same time because the trick itself is really pretty easy to perform. Um so is really pretty easy to perform. Um so is really pretty easy to perform. Um so it doesn't need lots of nuance and that it doesn't need lots of nuance and that it doesn't need lots of nuance and that sort of stuff and I think for the target sort of stuff and I think for the target sort of stuff and I think for the target audience for it it's appropriate um for audience for it it's appropriate um for audience for it it's appropriate um for it. Um all right it. Um all right it. Um all right let's really this is the one thing of let's really this is the one thing of let's really this is the one thing of the tenyo effects that I got this year. the tenyo effects that I got this year. the tenyo effects that I got this year. This gimmick was extremely This gimmick was extremely This gimmick was extremely difficult for me to assemble. Um, I'd be difficult for me to assemble. Um, I'd be difficult for me to assemble. Um, I'd be curious down in the comments if other curious down in the comments if other curious down in the comments if other folks had the same challenge. Right folks had the same challenge. Right folks had the same challenge. Right before this, I filmed a um a demo of it before this, I filmed a um a demo of it before this, I filmed a um a demo of it and I don't want to say I busted it, but and I don't want to say I busted it, but and I don't want to say I busted it, but it all came apart and I thought, "Oh, it all came apart and I thought, "Oh, it all came apart and I thought, "Oh, not a problem. I can redo it again." not a problem. I can redo it again." not a problem. I can redo it again." Even though I know that I'd had Even though I know that I'd had Even though I know that I'd had challenges in the past when I first challenges in the past when I first challenges in the past when I first assembled it and I still had some assembled it and I still had some assembled it and I still had some challenges putting it together. The challenges putting it together. The challenges putting it together. The instructions on the paper instructions, instructions on the paper instructions, instructions on the paper instructions, I don't find them that great to be I don't find them that great to be I don't find them that great to be honest. Um, and not super easy. On the honest. Um, and not super easy. On the honest. Um, and not super easy. On the video tutorial, also the same. They were video tutorial, also the same. They were video tutorial, also the same. They were not that helpful. So, I would say if you not that helpful. So, I would say if you not that helpful. So, I would say if you purchase this, when it comes right out purchase this, when it comes right out purchase this, when it comes right out of the box, be super careful. Um, and I of the box, be super careful. Um, and I of the box, be super careful. Um, and I don't think it's assembled. you have to don't think it's assembled. you have to don't think it's assembled. you have to do some assembly at the very beginning do some assembly at the very beginning do some assembly at the very beginning and just pay close attention to the and just pay close attention to the and just pay close attention to the instructions. Plan that it'll take instructions. Plan that it'll take instructions. Plan that it'll take longer than you anticipate. Uh and um longer than you anticipate. Uh and um longer than you anticipate. Uh and um try not to get frustrated as I did get try not to get frustrated as I did get try not to get frustrated as I did get frustrated with it. And anytime it comes frustrated with it. And anytime it comes frustrated with it. And anytime it comes apart, I imagine you have to put it back apart, I imagine you have to put it back apart, I imagine you have to put it back together several times before you together several times before you together several times before you finally get the real knack for it. Uh finally get the real knack for it. Uh finally get the real knack for it. Uh but I found that the most frustrating but I found that the most frustrating but I found that the most frustrating part of it. It's not a a deal breakaker part of it. It's not a a deal breakaker part of it. It's not a a deal breakaker because it works once you can get it because it works once you can get it because it works once you can get it together, but not the most intuitive together, but not the most intuitive together, but not the most intuitive thing in terms of how you assemble it. thing in terms of how you assemble it. thing in terms of how you assemble it. Okay, but the gimmick, it's all plastic Okay, but the gimmick, it's all plastic Okay, but the gimmick, it's all plastic and these bars are sort of metal bars and these bars are sort of metal bars and these bars are sort of metal bars and they really do move quite easily on and they really do move quite easily on and they really do move quite easily on here. So, it does the job that it's here. So, it does the job that it's here. So, it does the job that it's supposed to do uh as a gimmick. Um, supposed to do uh as a gimmick. Um, supposed to do uh as a gimmick. Um, I will also say about the gimmick, they I will also say about the gimmick, they I will also say about the gimmick, they advertise it where you put a Coke can advertise it where you put a Coke can advertise it where you put a Coke can through it. Keep in mind, it's got to be through it. Keep in mind, it's got to be through it. Keep in mind, it's got to be a pretty thin uh type of an object to a pretty thin uh type of an object to a pretty thin uh type of an object to fit through here. That's why I use this fit through here. That's why I use this fit through here. That's why I use this here in my demo because um I a regulariz here in my demo because um I a regulariz here in my demo because um I a regulariz pop can in the United States does not pop can in the United States does not pop can in the United States does not fit through here. So, it needs to be fit through here. So, it needs to be fit through here. So, it needs to be something that's skinnier and sort of something that's skinnier and sort of something that's skinnier and sort of smaller to fit through it. smaller to fit through it. smaller to fit through it. I think the other thing that's really I think the other thing that's really I think the other thing that's really important with this is that it does talk important with this is that it does talk important with this is that it does talk and so and it talks um at the point that and so and it talks um at the point that and so and it talks um at the point that you're uh postexamination you're uh postexamination you're uh postexamination from your spectator to see that the bars from your spectator to see that the bars from your spectator to see that the bars are solid and then when you're done are solid and then when you're done are solid and then when you're done again and you're going to hand it back again and you're going to hand it back again and you're going to hand it back out uh and show that the bars are solid, out uh and show that the bars are solid, out uh and show that the bars are solid, it does talk. So you sort of want to it does talk. So you sort of want to it does talk. So you sort of want to just be aware of it. Again, not a deal just be aware of it. Again, not a deal just be aware of it. Again, not a deal killer, but something to be aware of uh killer, but something to be aware of uh killer, but something to be aware of uh on this. I don't Some people might on this. I don't Some people might on this. I don't Some people might notice it because it's a little bit notice it because it's a little bit notice it because it's a little bit loud. I think if you're talking and loud. I think if you're talking and loud. I think if you're talking and moving, people won't notice it. Okay, moving, people won't notice it. Okay, moving, people won't notice it. Okay, let's talk about what is the skill let's talk about what is the skill let's talk about what is the skill level. This is a beginner. I think these level. This is a beginner. I think these level. This is a beginner. I think these are marketed really towards the are marketed really towards the are marketed really towards the collector and towards kids. However, I collector and towards kids. However, I collector and towards kids. However, I would say this one is probably a little would say this one is probably a little would say this one is probably a little bit better for maybe some older people. bit better for maybe some older people. bit better for maybe some older people. And by older people, I mean adult And by older people, I mean adult And by older people, I mean adult hobbyists. Uh it it's really good for hobbyists. Uh it it's really good for hobbyists. Uh it it's really good for it. I think in the last video of my it. I think in the last video of my it. I think in the last video of my tenure stuff if you watch like I do tenure stuff if you watch like I do tenure stuff if you watch like I do think these are really great for uh think these are really great for uh think these are really great for uh young people and the hobbyists. It's the young people and the hobbyists. It's the young people and the hobbyists. It's the sort of thing for my tenure stuff. I sort of thing for my tenure stuff. I sort of thing for my tenure stuff. I actually have them in my living room on actually have them in my living room on actually have them in my living room on bookshelves and there sort of thing if bookshelves and there sort of thing if bookshelves and there sort of thing if somebody comes over and says hey what's somebody comes over and says hey what's somebody comes over and says hey what's that? I can pull it down and do a quick that? I can pull it down and do a quick that? I can pull it down and do a quick magic trick for them with sort of this magic trick for them with sort of this magic trick for them with sort of this kind of cheap plastic um gimmick. So I was looking for the right gimmick. So I was looking for the right gimmick. So I was looking for the right word. senior moment. Uh, so I I think word. senior moment. Uh, so I I think word. senior moment. Uh, so I I think those are the things that you'll want to those are the things that you'll want to those are the things that you'll want to know about the gimmick. When we talk know about the gimmick. When we talk know about the gimmick. When we talk about skill level, I talked about it's about skill level, I talked about it's about skill level, I talked about it's it's beginner uh skill level. Um, and it's beginner uh skill level. Um, and it's beginner uh skill level. Um, and this is one that I did feel like, this is one that I did feel like, this is one that I did feel like, however, despite that it's beginner however, despite that it's beginner however, despite that it's beginner level, I don't know that it's the best level, I don't know that it's the best level, I don't know that it's the best trick if it's your very first trick trick if it's your very first trick trick if it's your very first trick purchasing. I think some of these teno purchasing. I think some of these teno purchasing. I think some of these teno stuff is better for at least 10 year stuff is better for at least 10 year stuff is better for at least 10 year olds and up, maybe 13 or 14 year olds olds and up, maybe 13 or 14 year olds olds and up, maybe 13 or 14 year olds for this one. um is my thinking. Um and for this one. um is my thinking. Um and for this one. um is my thinking. Um and it's just an opinion. So um but I don't it's just an opinion. So um but I don't it's just an opinion. So um but I don't know if it's the best very first trick know if it's the best very first trick know if it's the best very first trick if you purchase because there's a little if you purchase because there's a little if you purchase because there's a little bit of subtle and new subtlety and bit of subtle and new subtlety and bit of subtle and new subtlety and nuance. Maybe after you've been doing nuance. Maybe after you've been doing nuance. Maybe after you've been doing magic for about a year, it would be magic for about a year, it would be magic for about a year, it would be fine. So but still technically beginner fine. So but still technically beginner fine. So but still technically beginner level and it does require a little bit level and it does require a little bit level and it does require a little bit of practice, but you can start of practice, but you can start of practice, but you can start performing it probably after 10 minutes performing it probably after 10 minutes performing it probably after 10 minutes of practice to be honest. So all right. of practice to be honest. So all right. of practice to be honest. So all right. Um, I always like to go over sort of Um, I always like to go over sort of Um, I always like to go over sort of like what are the pros and cons or the like what are the pros and cons or the like what are the pros and cons or the things I'd like to know uh if uh before things I'd like to know uh if uh before things I'd like to know uh if uh before purchasing this. So, if I were on your purchasing this. So, if I were on your purchasing this. So, if I were on your side over there, it does exactly what it side over there, it does exactly what it side over there, it does exactly what it says. Um, it's not really a serious says. Um, it's not really a serious says. Um, it's not really a serious magician's tool. Um, if you're a working magician's tool. Um, if you're a working magician's tool. Um, if you're a working professional, I can't imagine using professional, I can't imagine using professional, I can't imagine using this, but it is great for the hobbyist this, but it is great for the hobbyist this, but it is great for the hobbyist and the young person. Um, and the young person. Um, and the young person. Um, it's a little tricky to put together. it's a little tricky to put together. it's a little tricky to put together. Um, but once you get together, you Um, but once you get together, you Um, but once you get together, you should be fine for the most part. Uh, should be fine for the most part. Uh, should be fine for the most part. Uh, another thing is that you'll probably another thing is that you'll probably another thing is that you'll probably while you can be pretty rough on the while you can be pretty rough on the while you can be pretty rough on the rods here, there is a certain point rods here, there is a certain point rods here, there is a certain point where they will bend because they are where they will bend because they are where they will bend because they are skinny rods. So, don't ask a spectator skinny rods. So, don't ask a spectator skinny rods. So, don't ask a spectator to do all their might to bend it because to do all their might to bend it because to do all their might to bend it because they will bend it ultimately. Although, they will bend it ultimately. Although, they will bend it ultimately. Although, they are uh solid and just keeping that they are uh solid and just keeping that they are uh solid and just keeping that in mind. That is definitely a um in mind. That is definitely a um in mind. That is definitely a um spectator management type of an issue spectator management type of an issue spectator management type of an issue for it. Let's talk about the cost. It for it. Let's talk about the cost. It for it. Let's talk about the cost. It runs for $20. I think that's a great runs for $20. I think that's a great runs for $20. I think that's a great price uh for the teno tricks and I think price uh for the teno tricks and I think price uh for the teno tricks and I think they're all pretty much reasonably they're all pretty much reasonably they're all pretty much reasonably priced, but it's $20. All right, that's priced, but it's $20. All right, that's priced, but it's $20. All right, that's it. Look, at the end of the day, it's a it. Look, at the end of the day, it's a it. Look, at the end of the day, it's a Teno trick. It's a great sort of Teno trick. It's a great sort of Teno trick. It's a great sort of beginner magic hobbyist uh sort of beginner magic hobbyist uh sort of beginner magic hobbyist uh sort of effect. Does exactly what it uh says it effect. Does exactly what it uh says it effect. Does exactly what it uh says it does. Uh difficult to put together. Um does. Uh difficult to put together. Um does. Uh difficult to put together. Um and great to sort of have on a shelf. and great to sort of have on a shelf. and great to sort of have on a shelf. Great talking piece and fun to perform Great talking piece and fun to perform Great talking piece and fun to perform uh for folks. uh for folks. uh for folks. and it's wonderfully visual. I think and it's wonderfully visual. I think and it's wonderfully visual. I think that's sort of the highlights for it. that's sort of the highlights for it. that's sort of the highlights for it. Um, if you purchased it, leave a comment Um, if you purchased it, leave a comment Um, if you purchased it, leave a comment down below in terms of what your down below in terms of what your down below in terms of what your experience is with it. Uh, if you like experience is with it. Uh, if you like experience is with it. Uh, if you like it or not, if there was something I it or not, if there was something I it or not, if there was something I missed, if you think I got something missed, if you think I got something missed, if you think I got something wrong, let me know about that down in wrong, let me know about that down in wrong, let me know about that down in the comments. And of course, if you have the comments. And of course, if you have the comments. And of course, if you have not yet hit that like button, hit the not yet hit that like button, hit the not yet hit that like button, hit the like button uh for me. It improves my like button uh for me. It improves my like button uh for me. It improves my eyesight, and since I've got failing eyesight, and since I've got failing eyesight, and since I've got failing eyesight, it will help with the eyesight, it will help with the eyesight, it will help with the eyesight. So, please hit that like eyesight. So, please hit that like eyesight. So, please hit that like button and if you have not yet button and if you have not yet button and if you have not yet subscribed, don't be the last one to subscribed, don't be the last one to subscribed, don't be the last one to subscribe. Subscribe now and uh you'll subscribe. Subscribe now and uh you'll subscribe. Subscribe now and uh you'll continue to get more content on a continue to get more content on a continue to get more content on a regular basis and you'll see some of my regular basis and you'll see some of my regular basis and you'll see some of my other teno uh reviews for the year. All other teno uh reviews for the year. All other teno uh reviews for the year. All right, that's it. Before I go, just want right, that's it. Before I go, just want right, that's it. Before I go, just want to say thank you everyone here for being to say thank you everyone here for being to say thank you everyone here for being here, for being part of the magic here, for being part of the magic here, for being part of the magic community, for bringing a piece of community, for bringing a piece of community, for bringing a piece of light, joy, and astonishment uh to the light, joy, and astonishment uh to the light, joy, and astonishment uh to the world. We need more of it and you are world. We need more of it and you are world. We need more of it and you are part of a large community that's doing part of a large community that's doing part of a large community that's doing that and I appreciate your corner of the that and I appreciate your corner of the that and I appreciate your corner of the world that you are doing it. So, thank world that you are doing it. So, thank world that you are doing it. So, thank you for doing that. I'm Fiddlin Johnny you for doing that. I'm Fiddlin Johnny you for doing that. I'm Fiddlin Johnny and remember to keep fiddling around and remember to keep fiddling around and remember to keep fiddling around with your magic. I'll see youall next with your magic. I'll see youall next with your magic. I'll see youall next time. Bye-bye. >> [music]