Yes, good morning.  Welcome to a new vlog Yes, good morning.  Welcome to a new vlog Yes, good morning.  Welcome to a new vlog .  Gram sleep.  Gram time is 4:38.   We .  Gram sleep.  Gram time is 4:38.   We .  Gram sleep.  Gram time is 4:38.   We 're going to Bodrum. 're going to Bodrum. 're going to Bodrum. I wish we could go for two holidays. I wish we could go for two holidays. I wish we could go for two holidays. Yes.  Exactly like that. Yes.  Exactly like that. Yes.  Exactly like that. Sitti be. Sitti be. Sitti be. Beware. Beware. Beware. Come on.  Come forward. Come on.  Come forward. Come on.  Come forward. But we're going for work.  There's a pad there, But we're going for work.  There's a pad there, But we're going for work.  There's a pad there, turn the pad.  There was a wrestling tournament there turn the pad.  There was a wrestling tournament there turn the pad.  There was a wrestling tournament there .  E Protein sponsored her.   We .  E Protein sponsored her.   We .  E Protein sponsored her.   We 'll be there.  We deserved it on vacation, but we didn't 'll be there.  We deserved it on vacation, but we didn't 'll be there.  We deserved it on vacation, but we didn't .  Not. .  Not. .  Not. We work like donkeys.  I think its time will come too We work like donkeys.  I think its time will come too We work like donkeys.  I think its time will come too .  Artificial intelligence .  Artificial intelligence .  Artificial intelligence has ruined my life. has ruined my life. has ruined my life. Uh, everything's fine.   I Uh, everything's fine.   I Uh, everything's fine.   I 'm continuing with my coach.  Now I'm 'm continuing with my coach.  Now I'm 'm continuing with my coach.  Now I'm going to let you experience something else as well.   Also, at the same time, at the same time, going to let you experience something else as well.   Also, at the same time, at the same time, for example, when for example, when for example, when you go to a hotel or on vacation, you go to a hotel or on vacation, you go to a hotel or on vacation, don't go on a diet or anything like that.  Please don't go on a diet or anything like that.  Please don't go on a diet or anything like that.  Please don't do such a thing, but let's assume we did go don't do such a thing, but let's assume we did go don't do such a thing, but let's assume we did go .  We are not going on a holiday right now. .  We are not going on a holiday right now. .  We are not going on a holiday right now. You know there's a buffet there.  It's all a scam, like " You know there's a buffet there.  It's all a scam, like " You know there's a buffet there.  It's all a scam, like " you can pick whatever you want from the buffet," and so on you can pick whatever you want from the buffet," and so on you can pick whatever you want from the buffet," and so on .  Perhaps we can bring these to life as well .  Perhaps we can bring these to life as well .  Perhaps we can bring these to life as well . . . My dearest, where have we gone together, my My dearest, where have we gone together, my My dearest, where have we gone together, my boss? You can be anything, You can be anything, You can be anything, but none of it matters if you're not ready but none of it matters if you're not ready but none of it matters if you're not ready .  Therefore, you .  Therefore, you .  Therefore, you need to be ready first.   Are need to be ready first.   Are need to be ready first.   Are you asking what he's talking about again? you asking what he's talking about again? you asking what he's talking about again? [muttering] Oh no, that can't be .  There .  There .  There was no room for nonsense.  I think the suitcases opened right side up.  I think there are was no room for nonsense.  I think the suitcases opened right side up.  I think there are was no room for nonsense.  I think the suitcases opened right side up.  I think there are assets that need to be opened vertically like this . Now watch me.  The one on the far right is the future. Investigate, investigate, Investigate, investigate, Investigate, investigate, investigate.   I am definitely the definitely the definitely the chosen one.   Something without receiving anything in return .  Airplane combination. .  Airplane combination. .  Airplane combination. [grumbling] Good luck.  Peace be upon you, O God. [grumbling] Good luck.  Peace be upon you, O God. [grumbling] Good luck.  Peace be upon you, O God. Sokan, definitely put these places here. Sokan, definitely put these places here. Sokan, definitely put these places here. Look how much I'm struggling with this.  These places don't really matter Look how much I'm struggling with this.  These places don't really matter Look how much I'm struggling with this.  These places don't really matter . Zaray, Zaray, Zaray, good morning brother. good morning brother. good morning brother. Good morning, you're Good morning, you're Good morning, you're ready. Determination is willpower. Determination is willpower. Determination is willpower. I'll call it a verse from the Quran.  Your mother, your mother, your mother, your mother, your I'll call it a verse from the Quran.  Your mother, your mother, your mother, your mother, your I'll call it a verse from the Quran.  Your mother, your mother, your mother, your mother, your mother.  Oh my mother, oh my mother, oh my mother, oh my mother.   Take mother.  Oh my mother, oh my mother, oh my mother, oh my mother.   Take mother.  Oh my mother, oh my mother, oh my mother, oh my mother.   Take a look at this. a look at this. a look at this. Erkan will Erkan will Erkan will pick it up, the pick it up, the pick it up, the team has arrived.   Are team has arrived.   Are team has arrived.   Are you happy? you happy? you happy? What's up?   Are What's up?   Are What's up?   Are you happy? you happy? you happy? What happiness?   Are What happiness?   Are What happiness?   Are n't you happy? n't you happy? n't you happy? What happiness? Yes.  That's the situation.  We are on the Titanic.  Titanic Yes.  That's the situation.  We are on the Titanic.  Titanic Yes.  That's the situation.  We are on the Titanic.  Titanic Luxury.  We are at the Titanic Luxury Hotel. Luxury.  We are at the Titanic Luxury Hotel. I will show you how to eat a diet suitable for an open bidiet.  The target here is a I will show you how to eat a diet suitable for an open bidiet.  The target here is a I will show you how to eat a diet suitable for an open bidiet.  The target here is a protein.  Low fat, high carbonate. protein.  Low fat, high carbonate. protein.  Low fat, high carbonate. Egg whites are a suitable source of protein Egg whites are a suitable source of protein Egg whites are a suitable source of protein .  But actually, they only serve lean meats here .  But actually, they only serve lean meats here .  But actually, they only serve lean meats here .  Dried meats, generally. .  Dried meats, generally. .  Dried meats, generally. We will choose them as well.  Here We will choose them as well.  Here We will choose them as well.  Here we're going to make a very thin base layer with eggs. we're going to make a very thin base layer with eggs. we're going to make a very thin base layer with eggs. As for carbohydrates, my humble preference is fruit As for carbohydrates, my humble preference is fruit As for carbohydrates, my humble preference is fruit and granola.  Can I have one egg and granola.  Can I have one egg and granola.  Can I have one egg ?  I'm also into open breasts. ?  I'm also into open breasts. ?  I'm also into open breasts. I am Picasso. I am Picasso. I am Picasso. I'll draw on the plate.   We haven't quite found the right I'll draw on the plate.   We haven't quite found the right I'll draw on the plate.   We haven't quite found the right balance.  It turned out to be more fat and balance.  It turned out to be more fat and balance.  It turned out to be more fat and protein, but it was bread.  We bought bread for Karat protein, but it was bread.  We bought bread for Karat protein, but it was bread.  We bought bread for Karat .  Sourdough. .  Sourdough. .  Sourdough. My boss My boss My boss says he's getting a reputation right away.  What is this, son?   The says he's getting a reputation right away.  What is this, son?   The says he's getting a reputation right away.  What is this, son?   The American diet.  I drew, and then I drew again, and American diet.  I drew, and then I drew again, and American diet.  I drew, and then I drew again, and I let my art speak for itself. I let my art speak for itself. I let my art speak for itself. I'll write to my coach here and there now.  It contains a maximum of 1200 I'll write to my coach here and there now.  It contains a maximum of 1200 I'll write to my coach here and there now.  It contains a maximum of 1200 calories.  Now we'll ask the coach, " calories.  Now we'll ask the coach, " calories.  Now we'll ask the coach, " How many calories is that?"  Guess what.   Let How many calories is that?"  Guess what.   Let How many calories is that?"  Guess what.   Let me tell you. me tell you. me tell you. There are probably close to 2000 here. There are probably close to 2000 here. There are probably close to 2000 here. There is no such thing as the year 2000, boss.  What have you done? There is no such thing as the year 2000, boss.  What have you done? There is no such thing as the year 2000, boss.  What have you done? There is, you know.  You know, there's cheese and stuff like that.   It There is, you know.  You know, there's cheese and stuff like that.   It There is, you know.  You know, there's cheese and stuff like that.   It contains 900 calories. contains 900 calories. contains 900 calories. Your intentions seem malicious.  [laughter] Your intentions seem malicious.  [laughter] Your intentions seem malicious.  [laughter] Dried figs and... uh... sir, professor Dried figs and... uh... sir, professor Dried figs and... uh... sir, professor . . . Dry sequence, Dry sequence, Dry sequence, sir.   I didn't get around to mentioning sir.   I didn't get around to mentioning sir.   I didn't get around to mentioning the calories, by the way.  The boat the calories, by the way.  The boat the calories, by the way.  The boat suddenly broke down.  I'll tell you when we get to the room, suddenly broke down.  I'll tell you when we get to the room, suddenly broke down.  I'll tell you when we get to the room, but the view alone is about 1200 calories but the view alone is about 1200 calories but the view alone is about 1200 calories .  This doesn't make sense right .  This doesn't make sense right .  This doesn't make sense right now.  When it comes to work, brother, but when it comes to vacation, now.  When it comes to work, brother, but when it comes to vacation, now.  When it comes to work, brother, but when it comes to vacation, take a picture of the father. take a picture of the father. take a picture of the father. You can't live like this in Istanbul.  We slept, You can't live like this in Istanbul.  We slept, You can't live like this in Istanbul.  We slept, we woke up.  We're going to training.  We we woke up.  We're going to training.  We we woke up.  We're going to training.  We 're going to make an arm together with my brother Doğuş Yıldız.  Then 're going to make an arm together with my brother Doğuş Yıldız.  Then 're going to make an arm together with my brother Doğuş Yıldız.  Then we'll go to the tournament.  A we'll go to the tournament.  A we'll go to the tournament.  A meal is eaten beforehand.  The real leaders, by the way, meal is eaten beforehand.  The real leaders, by the way, meal is eaten beforehand.  The real leaders, by the way, definitely won't like this, damn it. definitely won't like this, damn it. definitely won't like this, damn it. Yes.  Is it too much of an Arab difference? Yes.  Is it too much of an Arab difference? Yes.  Is it too much of an Arab difference? Exactly like an Arabic perfume. Exactly like an Arabic perfume. Exactly like an Arabic perfume. It smells a little bit like Arabian. It smells a little bit like Arabian. It smells a little bit like Arabian. What's the connection, man?  I felt that way in Dubai.   While What's the connection, man?  I felt that way in Dubai.   While What's the connection, man?  I felt that way in Dubai.   While walking in Dubai Mold, it's like this... walking in Dubai Mold, it's like this... walking in Dubai Mold, it's like this... in Dubai Mold, things are like this. in Dubai Mold, things are like this. in Dubai Mold, things are like this. Hello hello try. Hello hello try. Hello hello try. Exactly.  He's doing Exactly.  He's doing Exactly.  He's doing arm workouts, you know.  I am very tired. And I've moved on to this single. And I've moved on to this single. And I've moved on to this single. I'm using a single handle.  I hope it's visible I'm using a single handle.  I hope it's visible I'm using a single handle.  I hope it's visible . Continuing from Kable.  The form has arrived, by the way. Continuing from Kable.  The form has arrived, by the way. Continuing from Kable.  The form has arrived, by the way. You've probably already understood. You've probably already understood. You've probably already understood. [out of breath][sighs] [out of breath][sighs] [out of breath][sighs] Oh.  We moved on to biceps training. Gökalaf secret form. We were going to have dinner, but we won't make it in time, so We were going to have dinner, but we won't make it in time, so We were going to have dinner, but we won't make it in time, so we'll have rice cream instead. we'll have rice cream instead. we'll have rice cream instead. I'm talking about rice cream.  What protein?  And I'll have I'm talking about rice cream.  What protein?  And I'll have I'm talking about rice cream.  What protein?  And I'll have both of them with water.  Exactly. both of them with water.  Exactly. both of them with water.  Exactly. We're going to drink protein powder.  I'll give three scales, We're going to drink protein powder.  I'll give three scales, We're going to drink protein powder.  I'll give three scales, Doğuş abi will give two scales.  Then, Doğuş abi will give two scales.  Then, Doğuş abi will give two scales.  Then, after the event, we'll eat right away.   Let after the event, we'll eat right away.   Let after the event, we'll eat right away.   Let it be a humble protein.  They're just messing around it be a humble protein.  They're just messing around it be a humble protein.  They're just messing around with us here too.  That match thing, with us here too.  That match thing, with us here too.  That match thing, I guess.  They take this and use it in the I guess.  They take this and use it in the I guess.  They take this and use it in the match like this.   Let me match like this.   Let me match like this.   Let me ask Yasemin something.  The boat ask Yasemin something.  The boat ask Yasemin something.  The boat was closed this morning.  Don't get involved in the problems that arise was closed this morning.  Don't get involved in the problems that arise was closed this morning.  Don't get involved in the problems that arise .  Now .  Now .  Now I'll tell you its calorie count.  And also three doses of I'll tell you its calorie count.  And also three doses of I'll tell you its calorie count.  And also three doses of V protein. V protein. V protein. How much protein do you think there is in this here? How much protein do you think there is in this here? How much protein do you think there is in this here? Around 50. Around 50. We drank more in 5 seconds.   Ok We drank more in 5 seconds.   Ok We drank more in 5 seconds.   Ok .  We were .  We were .  We were finally able to get in touch with Koşla. finally able to get in touch with Koşla. finally able to get in touch with Koşla. Would you like to try surfing? Would you like to try surfing? Would you like to try surfing? What surfing, you mean?  The person at the back of the boat doesn't have a What surfing, you mean?  The person at the back of the boat doesn't have a What surfing, you mean?  The person at the back of the boat doesn't have a parachute, does they? parachute, does they? parachute, does they? No, it's tested at the back of the boat. No, it's tested at the back of the boat. No, it's tested at the back of the boat. Let's try.  It will take a while, but I'll tell you Let's try.  It will take a while, but I'll tell you Let's try.  It will take a while, but I'll tell you the calorie count. the calorie count. the calorie count. Finally!  So what should I try, sir? Finally!  So what should I try, sir? Finally!  So what should I try, sir? We'll try Vaker today. We'll try Vaker today. We'll try Vaker today. Most likely, we will find out. Most likely, we will find out. Most likely, we will find out. I think we are open to learning. I think we are open to learning. I think we are open to learning. I'm open to learning, but will I be able to do it, professor I'm open to learning, but will I be able to do it, professor I'm open to learning, but will I be able to do it, professor ?  I'm not very sure. ?  I'm not very sure. ?  I'm not very sure. I'm sure.   Do I'm sure.   Do I'm sure.   Do you believe I can do it?   Of course you believe I can do it?   Of course you believe I can do it?   Of course .  3%.  Gökal really messed things up. .  3%.  Gökal really messed things up. .  3%.  Gökal really messed things up. Lose your sincerity. This is the back.  There are pads on both sides.   We This is the back.  There are pads on both sides.   We know exactly where to put our feet on both sides. know exactly where to put our feet on both sides. know exactly where to put our feet on both sides. Let's assume we are now in the water.  We place Let's assume we are now in the water.  We place Let's assume we are now in the water.  We place our left heel slightly behind this pad like this our left heel slightly behind this pad like this our left heel slightly behind this pad like this [music].  Are you doing the [music].  Are you doing the [music].  Are you doing the beginning and middle part of this with your right foot while it's slightly beginning and middle part of this with your right foot while it's slightly beginning and middle part of this with your right foot while it's slightly wet wet wet ? ? ? Yes.  Imagine I'm in the water.  I'm in the water right now Yes.  Imagine I'm in the water.  I'm in the water right now Yes.  Imagine I'm in the water.  I'm in the water right now .   Ok .   Ok .   Ok . . . We keep our arms straight like this. We keep our arms straight like this. We keep our arms straight like this. Then, when things get tense and the boat starts pulling us, Then, when things get tense and the boat starts pulling us, Then, when things get tense and the boat starts pulling us, we never do this move.  The golden we never do this move.  The golden we never do this move.  The golden rule.  I'm telling everyone here. rule.  I'm telling everyone here. rule.  I'm telling everyone here. When you do that, it When you do that, it When you do that, it means you're saying you don't want to do that.  So we don't make means you're saying you don't want to do that.  So we don't make means you're saying you don't want to do that.  So we don't make stamps.   When stamps.   When stamps.   When the boat pulls us along, we lean our shoulders forward [to the music] the boat pulls us along, we lean our shoulders forward [to the music] the boat pulls us along, we lean our shoulders forward [to the music] .  This way, we get the upper .  This way, we get the upper .  This way, we get the upper body to move forward [to the music] body to move forward [to the music] body to move forward [to the music] and press our heels down and press our heels down and press our heels down .  But when it says to press your heels down, .  But when it says to press your heels down, .  But when it says to press your heels down, let's not do this. She pushed her heels down.  It stuck to his foot. She pushed her heels down.  It stuck to his foot. She pushed her heels down.  It stuck to his foot. Slowly.  Oh, sir, I'm Slowly.  Oh, sir, I'm Slowly.  Oh, sir, I'm about to take the picture. about to take the picture. about to take the picture. My teacher didn't do anything in that standing position My teacher didn't do anything in that standing position My teacher didn't do anything in that standing position .  Shoulders forward, knees .  Shoulders forward, knees .  Shoulders forward, knees bent wide. bent wide. bent wide. We're pressing our heels down.  You will wake up automatically anyway.   Then We're pressing our heels down.  You will wake up automatically anyway.   Then We're pressing our heels down.  You will wake up automatically anyway.   Then I I I will tell you to stand up.  I'll show it this way.  If will tell you to stand up.  I'll show it this way.  If will tell you to stand up.  I'll show it this way.  If you stand up like this, that is, if you stand up using your hips, you stand up like this, that is, if you stand up using your hips, you stand up like this, that is, if you stand up using your hips, you will fall. you will fall. you will fall. Determination, willpower, and resolve will fall. Determination, willpower, and resolve will fall. Determination, willpower, and resolve will fall. You can do anything as long as you've set your mind to it. You can do anything as long as you've set your mind to it. You can do anything as long as you've set your mind to it. Yes.  Let's be careful. Give it gas slowly. Give it gas slowly. Give it gas slowly. Great.  Yes.  Yes.  Hop hop. Come on, let's go! Come on, let's go! Real G. Real G. Real G. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Come real.  Real G. Come real.  Real G. Come real.  Real G. Bravo. Yes.  Step on your heels. Yes.  Step on your heels. Yes.  Step on your heels. Come on, Come on, Come on, bend your knees.  Exactly. bend your knees.  Exactly. bend your knees.  Exactly. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.   You did it Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.   You did it Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.   You did it . . . Look at me, look at me.  Yes, you're amazing. Look at me, look at me.  Yes, you're amazing. Look at me, look at me.  Yes, you're amazing. Get it done. Get it done. Get it done. Very good.   Come on Very good.   Come on Very good.   Come on . . . Yes. Yes. Yes. You know him well.  Hips now. You know him well.  Hips now. You know him well.  Hips now. Let's squeeze it.   Do Let's squeeze it.   Do Let's squeeze it.   Do you believe me, professor? you believe me, professor? you believe me, professor? I believe we've already done the hard I believe we've already done the hard I believe we've already done the hard part. part. part. PUBG is coming.  PUBG is coming. PUBG is coming.  PUBG is coming. PUBG is coming.  PUBG is coming. Very good.  Beware.   That's it, Very good.  Beware.   That's it, sir!  Shoulders turned towards me.  Yes.  A steep sir!  Shoulders turned towards me.  Yes.  A steep sir!  Shoulders turned towards me.  Yes.  A steep one.  Yes.  Exactly like that. one.  Yes.  Exactly like that. one.  Yes.  Exactly like that. Calmly, slowly.  Come forward. Calmly, slowly.  Come forward. Calmly, slowly.  Come forward. Bravo. Even he is your God. Even he is your God. Even he is your God. Teacher, if you come here like this, Teacher, if you come here like this, Teacher, if you come here like this, you'll kick yourself out.  You're going to fire me. you'll kick yourself out.  You're going to fire me. you'll kick yourself out.  You're going to fire me. The boat started pulling us along.  I put The boat started pulling us along.  I put The boat started pulling us along.  I put my heels down and leaned my shoulders forward. my heels down and leaned my shoulders forward. my heels down and leaned my shoulders forward. [music] I [music] I [music] I didn't do anything. didn't do anything. didn't do anything. Dad, why don't you tell me?   I didn't do anything Dad, why don't you tell me?   I didn't do anything Dad, why don't you tell me?   I didn't do anything .  I'm skating right now. .  I'm skating right now. .  I'm skating right now. You're slipping right now.  I'm currently You're slipping right now.  I'm currently You're slipping right now.  I'm currently skating in this position right now.   It's on skating in this position right now.   It's on skating in this position right now.   It's on the ground right now. the ground right now. the ground right now. Then I woke up from my dream.  The mistake you made was that if you Then I woke up from my dream.  The mistake you made was that if you do this after getting up, your do this after getting up, your do this after getting up, your hips will stick out. hips will stick out. hips will stick out. Body weight shifts forward.  The boat sinks, Body weight shifts forward.  The boat sinks, Body weight shifts forward.  The boat sinks, you get buried.  But if you you get buried.  But if you you get buried.  But if you could do this right after you stand up, could do this right after you stand up, could do this right after you stand up, extend your spine towards the handle like this...   Uh huh.   We'll essentially be extend your spine towards the handle like this...   Uh huh.   We'll essentially be gliding across the water with our knees in suspension gliding across the water with our knees in suspension gliding across the water with our knees in suspension .  It's as simple as that. .  It's as simple as that. .  It's as simple as that. Once again, I'm Once again, I'm Once again, I'm at sea.  I am waiting. at sea.  I am waiting. at sea.  I am waiting. I wasn't expecting it to be like this I wasn't expecting it to be like this I wasn't expecting it to be like this .  I'm not waiting like this, .  I'm not waiting like this, .  I'm not waiting like this, I'm waiting like this.  My heels are placed down calmly I'm waiting like this.  My heels are placed down calmly I'm waiting like this.  My heels are placed down calmly . . . You guys You guys You guys started pulling the boat a little closer.  The boat started pulling the boat a little closer.  The boat started pulling the boat a little closer.  The boat is pulling me along.  I let go, my shoulders moving forward is pulling me along.  I let go, my shoulders moving forward is pulling me along.  I let go, my shoulders moving forward .  My knees are bucklering. .  My knees are bucklering. .  My knees are bucklering. I didn't do anything and I got out of the water I didn't do anything and I got out of the water I didn't do anything and I got out of the water .   Ok .   Ok .   Ok .  Professor, come here and let me have one done for you .  Professor, come here and let me have one done for you .  Professor, come here and let me have one done for you . . . Shoulders forward.  Shoulders forward.  Come towards me.   Come towards me Shoulders forward.  Shoulders forward.  Come towards me.   Come towards me Shoulders forward.  Shoulders forward.  Come towards me.   Come towards me . . . Beautiful.  This is a very good teacher.  High heels. Beautiful.  This is a very good teacher.  High heels. Beautiful.  This is a very good teacher.  High heels. High heels. High heels. High heels. Push towards me. Push towards me. Push towards me. That's it! That's it! That's it! That's it! That's it! That's it! Stop.   Go back Stop.   Go back Stop.   Go back .  Go back. .  Go back. .  Go back. Very good.  Leave it alone.  Let go, let go, let go Very good.  Leave it alone.  Let go, let go, let go Very good.  Leave it alone.  Let go, let go, let go .   That was great .   That was great .   That was great . . . Don't forget to bend your knees now.  Ready.  Honey ball Don't forget to bend your knees now.  Ready.  Honey ball Don't forget to bend your knees now.  Ready.  Honey ball .  I did this in the sky.  Hadi Göktu. .  I did this in the sky.  Hadi Göktu. .  I did this in the sky.  Hadi Göktu. Bravo.  So.  Exactly.  Exactly. Bravo.  So.  Exactly.  Exactly. Bravo.  So.  Exactly.  Exactly. Bravo Göktu.   It's Bravo Göktu.   It's Bravo Göktu.   It's an incredibly enjoyable job.  If you haven't tried it, an incredibly enjoyable job.  If you haven't tried it, an incredibly enjoyable job.  If you haven't tried it, you definitely should.  I can't even begin to you definitely should.  I can't even begin to you definitely should.  I can't even begin to imagine the pleasure you're getting from this, professor imagine the pleasure you're getting from this, professor imagine the pleasure you're getting from this, professor . . . I managed about 10% of it.   Even I managed about 10% of it.   Even I managed about 10% of it.   Even that was incredibly enjoyable. that was incredibly enjoyable. that was incredibly enjoyable. I'm saying we haven't even gotten to the magical part yet I'm saying we haven't even gotten to the magical part yet I'm saying we haven't even gotten to the magical part yet .  If you like it .  If you like it .  If you like it this much already, you'll this much already, you'll this much already, you'll probably become addicted. probably become addicted. probably become addicted. Yes.  Yes, really.  Yes.  We've arrived. Yes.  Yes, really.  Yes.  We've arrived. Yes.  Yes, really.  Yes.  We've arrived. We're here, brother.   I'm also a We're here, brother.   I'm also a We're here, brother.   I'm also a bit of an electronic account bit of an electronic account bit of an electronic account holder. holder. holder. Electrol. We added salt, we lost the left side of the tunnel, We added salt, we lost the left side of the tunnel, We added salt, we lost the left side of the tunnel, we lost potassium.   We're in we lost potassium.   We're in we lost potassium.   We're in a different situation. a different situation. a different situation. We just shot a video We just shot a video We just shot a video on the phone.  I was there and I on the phone.  I was there and I on the phone.  I was there and I thought to myself, "Damn, I actually did a lot of that." thought to myself, "Damn, I actually did a lot of that." thought to myself, "Damn, I actually did a lot of that." I watched the video for 8 seconds. I watched the video for 8 seconds. I watched the video for 8 seconds. Brother, we're ready. Brother, we're ready. Brother, we're ready. We're ready, bro. We're ready, bro. We're ready, bro. Gökhan, either cut this part out or leave this part left Gökhan, either cut this part out or leave this part left Gökhan, either cut this part out or leave this part left .  Let's leave the part where I said "We're ready, boss" out .  Let's leave the part where I said "We're ready, boss" out .  Let's leave the part where I said "We're ready, boss" out . . . We're ready, bro. We're ready, bro. Do you know where the recording cuts off now?  We are getting ready.  We're leaving the room Do you know where the recording cuts off now?  We are getting ready.  We're leaving the room Do you know where the recording cuts off now?  We are getting ready.  We're leaving the room .  I say to myself in the mirror, "We're leaving." .  I say to myself in the mirror, "We're leaving." .  I say to myself in the mirror, "We're leaving." The recording stops there.  Not up to this point. I couldn't have filmed those places anyway, man.  We had videos of us dancing to folk songs like "Erik Dalı" (a Turkish folk dance).   It was I couldn't have filmed those places anyway, man.  We had videos of us dancing to folk songs like "Erik Dalı" (a Turkish folk dance).   It was n't there. n't there. n't there. It was there, but it wasn't.  Today It was there, but it wasn't.  Today It was there, but it wasn't.  Today we'll try something else.  Surf.  Hikmet Elgin is here, by the we'll try something else.  Surf.  Hikmet Elgin is here, by the we'll try something else.  Surf.  Hikmet Elgin is here, by the way. way. way. What is this?   You 've figured it out now, too. 've figured it out now, too. 've figured it out now, too. Of course, brother. Of course, brother. Of course, brother. What is this, son?  What happened to you? What is this, son?  What happened to you? What is this, son?  What happened to you? Brother, there are too many of you.  Which one is coming out?   Nothing will Brother, there are too many of you.  Which one is coming out?   Nothing will Brother, there are too many of you.  Which one is coming out?   Nothing will happen.  Of course we are a family happen.  Of course we are a family happen.  Of course we are a family . . . Brother, how many years has it been since we last met?   It Brother, how many years has it been since we last met?   It Brother, how many years has it been since we last met?   It hasn't been that long.  I last saw you in Dubai hasn't been that long.  I last saw you in Dubai hasn't been that long.  I last saw you in Dubai .   It's been .   It's been .   It's been a year since I was in Dubai, brother.   It's a year since I was in Dubai, brother.   It's a year since I was in Dubai, brother.   It's been a year. been a year. been a year. How much weight did you gain in a year?  While you How much weight did you gain in a year?  While you How much weight did you gain in a year?  While you were eating cookies next to me, were eating cookies next to me, were eating cookies next to me, you were practically on the verge of needing an oxygen machine, bro you were practically on the verge of needing an oxygen machine, bro you were practically on the verge of needing an oxygen machine, bro . . . No way, I'm still sleeping well right now. No way, I'm still sleeping well right now. No way, I'm still sleeping well right now. Yes, Yes, Yes, I am following it. I am following it. I am following it. Thank you.  Thank you, enjoy your meal. Thank you.  Thank you, enjoy your meal. Thank you.  Thank you, enjoy your meal. Where are you going? Is there some kind of competition?   We Where are you going? Is there some kind of competition?   We Where are you going? Is there some kind of competition?   We came here for one of our events. came here for one of our events. came here for one of our events. Duuş abi is there.  No, there is. Duuş abi is there.  No, there is. Duuş abi is there.  No, there is. Hikmet, what have you done to yourself, son? Hikmet, what have you done to yourself, son? Hikmet, what have you done to yourself, son? Why, Why, Why, son? son? son? Brother, we haven't grown that much yet. Brother, we haven't grown that much yet. Brother, we haven't grown that much yet. Oh, come on, don't be ridiculous.  My brother was Oh, come on, don't be ridiculous.  My brother was Oh, come on, don't be ridiculous.  My brother was 16 years old when he first came to me.  He weighed around 80 kilos. 16 years old when he first came to me.  He weighed around 80 kilos. 16 years old when he first came to me.  He weighed around 80 kilos. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. I believe I will recover.  Getting up isn't the problem, the I believe I will recover.  Getting up isn't the problem, the problem is being able to continue after you get up, in my opinion.  I've lost problem is being able to continue after you get up, in my opinion.  I've lost problem is being able to continue after you get up, in my opinion.  I've lost weight in the meantime. weight in the meantime. weight in the meantime. I woke up at 126:126.4 this morning.  We've been on the news. I woke up at 126:126.4 this morning.  We've been on the news. I woke up at 126:126.4 this morning.  We've been on the news. He'll fall into the water. He'll fall into the water. He'll fall into the water. Yes.  I felt sorry for him.  He seems unable to do it.  Who among Yes.  I felt sorry for him.  He seems unable to do it.  Who among Yes.  I felt sorry for him.  He seems unable to do it.  Who among you doesn't believe me, sir? you doesn't believe me, sir? you doesn't believe me, sir? Now we're going to humiliate them tonight. Now we're going to humiliate them tonight. Now we're going to humiliate them tonight. I did some mental exercises.  I close my eyes and I did some mental exercises.  I close my eyes and imagine I'm improving my motor skills. imagine I'm improving my motor skills. imagine I'm improving my motor skills. Now we're going to a new private cove. Now we're going to a new private cove. Now we're going to a new private cove. To the water, as clear as glass.  We'll be skating there. To the water, as clear as glass.  We'll be skating there. To the water, as clear as glass.  We'll be skating there. I swear it will happen. I swear it will happen. I swear it will happen. Yes.  Yes.  We've finished Day 2.  I didn't Yes.  Yes.  We've finished Day 2.  I didn't Yes.  Yes.  We've finished Day 2.  I didn't get to take many pictures.  We took the picture with the phone, but get to take many pictures.  We took the picture with the phone, but get to take many pictures.  We took the picture with the phone, but we let go of his hand.  Did I let go of his hand yesterday?  Yesterday we could have let go of each other's we let go of his hand.  Did I let go of his hand yesterday?  Yesterday we could have let go of each other's we let go of his hand.  Did I let go of his hand yesterday?  Yesterday we could have let go of each other's hands, but hands, but hands, but we didn't. we didn't. we didn't. We hadn't let go of each other's hands yesterday. We hadn't let go of each other's hands yesterday. We hadn't let go of each other's hands yesterday. We let go of each other's hands yesterday too.  Today is the same video that ended in 8 seconds just yesterday We let go of each other's hands yesterday too.  Today is the same video that ended in 8 seconds just yesterday We let go of each other's hands yesterday too.  Today is the same video that ended in 8 seconds just yesterday .  Today it was over in 25 seconds. .  Today it was over in 25 seconds. .  Today it was over in 25 seconds. Progress.  Hopefully next time, maybe in Progress.  Hopefully next time, maybe in Progress.  Hopefully next time, maybe in a minute. a minute. a minute. Yes.  We'll let go of the rope.  Gökhan, it was Yes.  We'll let go of the rope.  Gökhan, it was Yes.  We'll let go of the rope.  Gökhan, it was quite enjoyable adding this here.  I'll quite enjoyable adding this here.  I'll quite enjoyable adding this here.  I'll probably come myself once I get used to it probably come myself once I get used to it probably come myself once I get used to it . . . We are waiting patiently, sir.  Our shop is We are waiting patiently, sir.  Our shop is We are waiting patiently, sir.  Our shop is open all summer. open all summer. open all summer. Shop. Shop. Shop. Shop.  Surf Club Bodrum. Shop.  Surf Club Bodrum. Shop.  Surf Club Bodrum. Surf Club Bodrum, sir. Surf Club Bodrum, sir. Surf Club Bodrum, sir. Yes. Yes. Yes. Humbly speaking.  Professor Tanır is here too. Humbly speaking.  Professor Tanır is here too. Humbly speaking.  Professor Tanır is here too. We're even offering a 20% surf discount to those who come here after seeing the video using the discount code ALAF ALAF 20. We're even offering a 20% surf discount to those who come here after seeing the video using the discount code ALAF ALAF 20. We're even offering a 20% surf discount to those who come here after seeing the video using the discount code ALAF ALAF 20. That's it. That's it. That's it. For a month. For a month. For a month. Very good. Very good. Very good. Yes, this is the first game of the day, bro. Yes, this is the first game of the day, bro. Yes, this is the first game of the day, bro. We arrived in Italy.  They have cheeseburgers here.  Spaghetti We arrived in Italy.  They have cheeseburgers here.  Spaghetti We arrived in Italy.  They have cheeseburgers here.  Spaghetti bolognese hamburger.  The monster is here. bolognese hamburger.  The monster is here. bolognese hamburger.  The monster is here. Hello Hello Hello monster XM.  How many calories are in this?  Guess. monster XM.  How many calories are in this?  Guess. monster XM.  How many calories are in this?  Guess. 680. Do 680. Do 680. Do n't be ridiculous.  Could it be 680?  1000 at n't be ridiculous.  Could it be 680?  1000 at n't be ridiculous.  Could it be 680?  1000 at least. least. least. Hello.  Hi.  Anyway, Hello.  Hi.  Anyway, Hello.  Hi.  Anyway, we'll ask our coach.  Most likely, based on my humble we'll ask our coach.  Most likely, based on my humble we'll ask our coach.  Most likely, based on my humble guess, I guess, I think I'd consume around 1700 calories with this AI-powered energy. think I'd consume around 1700 calories with this AI-powered energy. think I'd consume around 1700 calories with this AI-powered energy. And protein.  And in the evening, And protein.  And in the evening, And protein.  And in the evening, we'll consume a very small amount of calories internally. we'll consume a very small amount of calories internally. we'll consume a very small amount of calories internally. Also, since I'm already expending so much effort, Also, since I'm already expending so much effort, I suspect I'm burning more calories than usual. I suspect I'm burning more calories than usual. I suspect I'm burning more calories than usual. There are either 350 calories or 300 calories.  234. There are either 350 calories or 300 calories.  234. There are either 350 calories or 300 calories.  234. Send him north, brother.  To the north. Send him north, brother.  To the north. Send him north, brother.  To the north. You eat this pasta too. You eat this pasta too. You eat this pasta too. No way, man.  What am I going to eat?  No, the No way, man.  What am I going to eat?  No, the No way, man.  What am I going to eat?  No, the guy's filming it, man.  We are guy's filming it, man.  We are guy's filming it, man.  We are with my boss too. with my boss too. with my boss too. We don't have these things. We don't have these things. We don't have these things. Professor Atakan, they can't take classes from you, can they Professor Atakan, they can't take classes from you, can they Professor Atakan, they can't take classes from you, can they ?  There is such a problem. ?  There is such a problem. You can only watch, man.  He's that kind of You can only watch, man.  He's that kind of You can only watch, man.  He's that kind of man. man. man. This man's guests are always This man's guests are always This man's guests are always accessible.  Unlimited lessons, bro. accessible.  Unlimited lessons, bro. accessible.  Unlimited lessons, bro. Free. Free. Free. I'm still not sure.  It will be accessible. I'm still not sure.  It will be accessible. I'm still not sure.  It will be accessible. Yes.  We had just arrived for a massage. Yes.  We had just arrived for a massage. Yes.  We had just arrived for a massage. [clears throat] The massage is over.  It was a really, really [clears throat] The massage is over.  It was a really, really [clears throat] The massage is over.  It was a really, really good massage. good massage. good massage. I almost fell asleep [to the music].  It was awful, I almost fell asleep [to the music].  It was awful, I almost fell asleep [to the music].  It was awful, stay in the oak forest.   My whole stay in the oak forest.   My whole stay in the oak forest.   My whole body was exposed. body was exposed. body was exposed. Let me show you the form.   My Let me show you the form.   My Let me show you the form.   My AI coach understands this stuff, man. AI coach understands this stuff, man. AI coach understands this stuff, man. Our only problem today is that we didn't get enough protein Our only problem today is that we didn't get enough protein Our only problem today is that we didn't get enough protein .  I'll also supplement that .  I'll also supplement that .  I'll also supplement that by drinking a little more V-protein by drinking a little more V-protein by drinking a little more V-protein .  Since we can't get any protein, .  Since we can't get any protein, we'll end up eating steak and stuff like that again today.  Meanwhile, the following unpleasant we'll end up eating steak and stuff like that again today.  Meanwhile, the following unpleasant we'll end up eating steak and stuff like that again today.  Meanwhile, the following unpleasant incident occurred. incident occurred. incident occurred. I came home, I mean, I went to my room, I I came home, I mean, I went to my room, I I came home, I mean, I went to my room, I plugged my phone in to charge, and I saw plugged my phone in to charge, and I saw plugged my phone in to charge, and I saw someone writing, "Hey, are you happy with W?" someone writing, "Hey, are you happy with W?" someone writing, "Hey, are you happy with W?" I looked in my hand and it was gone, it had fallen off I looked in my hand and it was gone, it had fallen off I looked in my hand and it was gone, it had fallen off . . . I'm scrolling through the videos we took while surfing the internet.  One I'm scrolling through the videos we took while surfing the internet.  One I'm scrolling through the videos we took while surfing the internet.  One of them has it.  It's not there on my next attempt of them has it.  It's not there on my next attempt of them has it.  It's not there on my next attempt . . . Most likely, it Most likely, it Most likely, it came out due to the impact of a fall or something.  Sad.   And I was so came out due to the impact of a fall or something.  Sad.   And I was so came out due to the impact of a fall or something.  Sad.   And I was so eager to see it, eager to see it, eager to see it, I looked at it every day, every minute.   Everything I looked at it every day, every minute.   Everything I looked at it every day, every minute.   Everything we get so excited about ends up like this, we get so excited about ends up like this, we get so excited about ends up like this, Dad.  I was that enthusiastic.   I would Dad.  I was that enthusiastic.   I would Dad.  I was that enthusiastic.   I would go in, I would look around. go in, I would look around. go in, I would look around. Recovery Cart curt. Recovery Cart curt. Recovery Cart curt. I had also connected it to artificial intelligence, to an artificial intelligence.  My name became synonymous with I had also connected it to artificial intelligence, to an artificial intelligence.  My name became synonymous with I had also connected it to artificial intelligence, to an artificial intelligence.  My name became synonymous with mining and potato farming.  This is mining and potato farming.  This is mining and potato farming.  This is n't even sold in Türkiye. n't even sold in Türkiye. n't even sold in Türkiye. He had given it as a gift.  Brother Dogus.   Is He had given it as a gift.  Brother Dogus.   Is He had given it as a gift.  Brother Dogus.   Is there a location?  Does it report location? there a location?  Does it report location? there a location?  Does it report location? No way, man.   If it's still taking No way, man.   If it's still taking No way, man.   If it's still taking measurements, what kind of measurements, what kind of measurements, what kind of measurements is it taking right now?  That's the measurements is it taking right now?  That's the measurements is it taking right now?  That's the situation with the keyboard.  We're in trouble, gentlemen. situation with the keyboard.  We're in trouble, gentlemen. situation with the keyboard.  We're in trouble, gentlemen. Gayetuz brother.  If I put it here, I hope it doesn't Gayetuz brother.  If I put it here, I hope it doesn't Gayetuz brother.  If I put it here, I hope it doesn't fall. Yes.  We've already had our protein.  We don't have Yes.  We've already had our protein.  We don't have Yes.  We've already had our protein.  We don't have a problem with protein. a problem with protein. a problem with protein. I won't eat anything.  Maybe I'll try it I won't eat anything.  Maybe I'll try it I won't eat anything.  Maybe I'll try it . . . Well, we Well, we Well, we 'll humbly remain in deficit. 'll humbly remain in deficit. 'll humbly remain in deficit. Today we will have finished the day with approximately 3100 calories Today we will have finished the day with approximately 3100 calories Today we will have finished the day with approximately 3100 calories . We've also completed the protein intake.   We're in good We've also completed the protein intake.   We're in good We've also completed the protein intake.   We're in good spirits, and perhaps spirits, and perhaps spirits, and perhaps we'll have a taste, just so it doesn't seem rude.   Let's see we'll have a taste, just so it doesn't seem rude.   Let's see we'll have a taste, just so it doesn't seem rude.   Let's see . Seven Richards dobrevac, 3rd day. Seven Richards dobrevac, 3rd day. Seven Richards dobrevac, 3rd day. I woke up feeling drier today. I woke up feeling drier today. I woke up feeling drier today. Every prediction we've made yesterday has come true. Every prediction we've made yesterday has come true. Every prediction we've made yesterday has come true. We won't be having breakfast again now.   We're We won't be having breakfast again now.   We're going to dedicate today to a little more rest. going to dedicate today to a little more rest. going to dedicate today to a little more rest. Most likely, if we play another couple of games and then Most likely, if we play another couple of games and then Most likely, if we play another couple of games and then close this one, we'll have achieved exactly what close this one, we'll have achieved exactly what close this one, we'll have achieved exactly what I was talking about.  My brother's I was talking about.  My brother's I was talking about.  My brother's weight was also low today. weight was also low today. weight was also low today. I didn't show the weight gain, but I'm gradually getting I didn't show the weight gain, but I'm gradually getting I didn't show the weight gain, but I'm gradually getting better at preparing for the holiday.  So better at preparing for the holiday.  So better at preparing for the holiday.  So I'm trying something right now. I'm trying something right now. I'm trying something right now. Dad, I have absolute faith in this camera. Dad, I have absolute faith in this camera. Dad, I have absolute faith in this camera. Of course, that's absolutely no problem.  What Of course, that's absolutely no problem.  What Of course, that's absolutely no problem.  What question would you like to ask?   Is the question would you like to ask?   Is the question would you like to ask?   Is the DGI Action 6 waterproof? DGI Action 6 waterproof? DGI Action 6 waterproof? Yes.  The DGI Action 4 model is water Yes.  The DGI Action 4 model is water Yes.  The DGI Action 4 model is water resistant.  It's resistant.  It's resistant.  It's waterproof and comes as an accessory. waterproof and comes as an accessory. waterproof and comes as an accessory. What?  He who doesn't take risks can't drink the disc.   He ca What?  He who doesn't take risks can't drink the disc.   He ca What?  He who doesn't take risks can't drink the disc.   He ca n't drink the disc. His son is drawing purple, that's what he is.   Those guys actually did a great job. Look, Look, Look, it says the maximum depth is 3.5 meters.  Damn dad, it says the maximum depth is 3.5 meters.  Damn dad, it says the maximum depth is 3.5 meters.  Damn dad, those guys did a great job, it's packed with stuff. I'm getting in shape.  Do you think I can do a I'm getting in shape.  Do you think I can do a I'm getting in shape.  Do you think I can do a somersault?  Wow, the fish somersault?  Wow, the fish somersault?  Wow, the fish have arrived! have arrived! have arrived! What's wrong?  Did you urinate easily?  What have you done? Come here, I'll do a somersault.  Somersault the horse.   Why don't Come here, I'll do a somersault.  Somersault the horse.   Why don't Come here, I'll do a somersault.  Somersault the horse.   Why don't you throw it? you throw it? you throw it? I can't do that, man.   You'll definitely throw it away I can't do that, man.   You'll definitely throw it away I can't do that, man.   You'll definitely throw it away .   Shall .   Shall .   Shall I try?  Will I hit my son's head?   I'm out of my mind I try?  Will I hit my son's head?   I'm out of my mind I try?  Will I hit my son's head?   I'm out of my mind .  You said it, .  You said it, .  You said it, buddy.  No, by "I'll hit my head" I buddy.  No, by "I'll hit my head" I buddy.  No, by "I'll hit my head" I mean, you know, like when people bump their heads against things like that. mean, you know, like when people bump their heads against things like that. mean, you know, like when people bump their heads against things like that. You're going to give yourself a drink, cat.   Shall You're going to give yourself a drink, cat.   Shall You're going to give yourself a drink, cat.   Shall I try?  Honestly, I try?  Honestly, I try?  Honestly, we can do it with the left one. Oh dad.   The maximum distance is 5 meters.  I'll dive in. maximum distance is 5 meters.  I'll dive in. maximum distance is 5 meters.  I'll dive in. Okay, I'll send it.  Find it.  I think you'll find it. Okay, I'll send it.  Find it.  I think you'll find it. Okay, I'll send it.  Find it.  I think you'll find it. Dad, I'll find it.   I'll Dad, I'll find it.   I'll Dad, I'll find it.   I'll find one too.   What find one too.   What find one too.   What ? ? ? No, I'll try touching it with the camera in my hand. No, I'll try touching it with the camera in my hand. No, I'll try touching it with the camera in my hand. They don't know us, man.  Even though we are Anatolian They don't know us, man.  Even though we are Anatolian They don't know us, man.  Even though we are Anatolian children, we grew up by the water.   It's a lot of trouble. a lot of trouble. a lot of trouble. At least 6 meters or so.   I didn't like it At least 6 meters or so.   I didn't like it At least 6 meters or so.   I didn't like it .   Is .   Is .   Is swimming natural? swimming natural? swimming natural? He.   Come on He.   Come on He.   Come on .   Come .   Come .   Come .  Start from here. .  Start from here. .  Start from here. We'll jump from here to there.  To the rope and to the We'll jump from here to there.  To the rope and to the We'll jump from here to there.  To the rope and to the ray.  Up to that buoy. Let's race 3-2-1.  Go ahead and take the picture Let's race 3-2-1.  Go ahead and take the picture Let's race 3-2-1.  Go ahead and take the picture .  I'm dying!  [sighs] [breathless][takes a sudden breath] [breathless][takes a sudden breath] [breathless][takes a sudden breath] 1 It's like they've been waiting for this moment. Yes. Yes. Yes. Protein is Protein is Protein is a simple carbohydrate. My son, we're in serious trouble, by the way. My son, we're in serious trouble, by the way. My son, we're in serious trouble, by the way. Bread isn't essential, but it doesn't contain much protein Bread isn't essential, but it doesn't contain much protein Bread isn't essential, but it doesn't contain much protein anyway.  In the room and before my protein shaker arrived anyway.  In the room and before my protein shaker arrived anyway.  In the room and before my protein shaker arrived .  I won't eat anything else today.   We .  I won't eat anything else today.   We need to start a detox program for this wallet as soon as we get back.  Is this a cure, need to start a detox program for this wallet as soon as we get back.  Is this a cure, need to start a detox program for this wallet as soon as we get back.  Is this a cure, sir? sir? sir? Is it a cure?   It Is it a cure?   It Is it a cure?   It 's healing, brother. 's healing, brother. 's healing, brother. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I also ordered a pişkülas (a type of Turkish dessert).  I completely forgot I I also ordered a pişkülas (a type of Turkish dessert).  I completely forgot I I also ordered a pişkülas (a type of Turkish dessert).  I completely forgot I said that.  I have a claim.  Stay in said that.  I have a claim.  Stay in said that.  I have a claim.  Stay in an all-inclusive hotel, protect my skin, and an all-inclusive hotel, protect my skin, and an all-inclusive hotel, protect my skin, and I'll live a muscular life for 3 months. I'll live a muscular life for 3 months. I'll live a muscular life for 3 months. Look, I'm going to throw it in such a way that this is the system.  We've arrived at the room now.   We system.  We've arrived at the room now.   We system.  We've arrived at the room now.   We 're slowly making our way out. 're slowly making our way out. 're slowly making our way out. To supplement the protein deficiency. To supplement the protein deficiency. To supplement the protein deficiency. I'm going to drink a high-protein beverage.  This is currently I'm going to drink a high-protein beverage.  This is currently I'm going to drink a high-protein beverage.  This is currently exclusive to BİM.  Not for sale.  It exclusive to BİM.  Not for sale.  It exclusive to BİM.  Not for sale.  It will go on sale after E BİM.  Or it will go on sale after E BİM.  Or it contains more protein than protein itself. contains more protein than protein itself. contains more protein than protein itself. Milk isolation.  Pardon. Milk isolation.  Pardon. Milk isolation.  Pardon. I'm tired, guys. I'm tired, guys. I'm tired, guys. Let me connect this microphone in two minutes. Hesitate. Now get ready.  Now we will get ready and Now get ready.  Now we will get ready and Now get ready.  Now we will get ready and slowly make our way to the plane via transfer.   Will I slowly make our way to the plane via transfer.   Will I slowly make our way to the plane via transfer.   Will I film this again?   I have film this again?   I have film this again?   I have no idea.  I love you.   So, no idea.  I love you.   So, no idea.  I love you.   So, I've been sharing every stage of my life, from beginning to end, with you unfiltered for the last 5 years. I've been sharing every stage of my life, from beginning to end, with you unfiltered for the last 5 years. I've been sharing every stage of my life, from beginning to end, with you unfiltered for the last 5 years. I don't know how much this means to you, I don't know how much this means to you, I don't know how much this means to you, but it means a lot to me but it means a lot to me but it means a lot to me .  Now we're going to have an emotional talk. .  Now we're going to have an emotional talk. .  Now we're going to have an emotional talk. So sometimes So sometimes So sometimes we even met a few friends working at this hotel, some of you we even met a few friends working at this hotel, some of you we even met a few friends working at this hotel, some of you . . . So when I meet someone like this, So when I meet someone like this, So when I meet someone like this, when we talk, I really when we talk, I really feel like I've known them for years.  Especially those who feel like I've known them for years.  Especially those who feel like I've known them for years.  Especially those who have known and followed me for a long time. have known and followed me for a long time. have known and followed me for a long time. So, for the past 5 years, So, for the past 5 years, So, for the past 5 years, since the very first day I started on social media, everything has been since the very first day I started on social media, everything has been since the very first day I started on social media, everything has been complete, unfiltered, my best self, my complete, unfiltered, my best self, my complete, unfiltered, my best self, my worst self – even in the videos, when worst self – even in the videos, when worst self – even in the videos, when I'm editing, you know, I'm editing, you know, I'm editing, you know, Gökhan, Gökhan, Gökhan, everything is without any embellishments. If everything is without any embellishments. If you met me in person, if you you met me in person, if you you met me in person, if you were friends with me, were friends with me, were friends with me, you would see the same Göktu you see now you would see the same Göktu you see now you would see the same Göktu you see now .  I don't know if .  I don't know if .  I don't know if this has any value for you.  I'm sure they won't this has any value for you.  I'm sure they won't this has any value for you.  I'm sure they won't cut this part either, for [ __ ] sake cut this part either, for [ __ ] sake cut this part either, for [ __ ] sake .  Does this have any .  Does this have any .  Does this have any value for you?  But believe me, that's value for you?  But believe me, that's value for you?  But believe me, that's something very rare these days.  I've never been that kind of person something very rare these days.  I've never been that kind of person something very rare these days.  I've never been that kind of person .  Well, of course, .  Well, of course, people are surprised when they first start using social media.  So you're thinking about what kind of people are surprised when they first start using social media.  So you're thinking about what kind of people are surprised when they first start using social media.  So you're thinking about what kind of platform it is, how you should behave, and so on and so forth platform it is, how you should behave, and so on and so forth platform it is, how you should behave, and so on and so forth .  But that was .  But that was .  But that was a threshold I crossed very quickly.  It is a threshold I crossed very quickly.  It is a threshold I crossed very quickly.  It is very valuable to me.  Because I'm sure I would very valuable to me.  Because I'm sure I would very valuable to me.  Because I'm sure I would never do this job unless I did it this way never do this job unless I did it this way never do this job unless I did it this way . . . Well, that's the Well, that's the Well, that's the truth for me.  This truth for me.  This truth for me.  This same thought keeps coming into my mind. same thought keeps coming into my mind. same thought keeps coming into my mind. So, So, So, ultimately, this is a digital platform, and the ultimately, this is a digital platform, and the ultimately, this is a digital platform, and the management is entirely under my management is entirely under my management is entirely under my control. control. control. I can project any sky I want onto you.  So I can project any sky I want onto you.  So I can use whichever marketing tool I want. I can use whichever marketing tool I want. I can use whichever marketing tool I want. So, to some extent, So, to some extent, So, to some extent, I can convince you of what I want to believe I can convince you of what I want to believe I can convince you of what I want to believe .  That's actually true, by the way, .  That's actually true, by the way, .  That's actually true, by the way, but but but I've never done it that way.   I'm I've never done it that way.   I'm 100% sure I won't do it that way. I'm sure that those who do it this way are rare. I know there are sometimes benefits to doing it this way, I know there are sometimes benefits to doing it this way, I know there are sometimes benefits to doing it this way, but I'll also [ __ ] the bones of anyone who's afraid of the flesh but I'll also [ __ ] the bones of anyone who's afraid of the flesh but I'll also [ __ ] the bones of anyone who's afraid of the flesh .  Take care of yourselves. .  Take care of yourselves. .  Take care of yourselves. See you later.  Pat, it'll take a while, but she'll tell me but she'll tell me but she'll tell me the calorie count.  Okay, it's here.  Total calories consumed so far today: the calorie count.  Okay, it's here.  Total calories consumed so far today: the calorie count.  Okay, it's here.  Total calories consumed so far today: 1690. 192 grams of 1690. 192 grams of 1690. 192 grams of protein, 48 grams of fat, 133 grams of protein, 48 grams of fat, 133 grams of protein, 48 grams of fat, 133 grams of carbohydrates.  Total calories at 1700. carbohydrates.  Total calories at 1700. carbohydrates.  Total calories at 1700. So we still have a little space for dinner So we still have a little space for dinner So we still have a little space for dinner .  We won't overdo it at .  We won't overdo it at .  We won't overdo it at dinner tonight.  So, let's say this is 1700 or 2000 dinner tonight.  So, let's say this is 1700 or 2000 dinner tonight.  So, let's say this is 1700 or 2000 .  To be fair, .  To be fair, .  To be fair, I don't think it's 2,000.  Let's say 2000.  We probably have a point in the evening where we have something like I don't think it's 2,000.  Let's say 2000.  We probably have a point in the evening where we have something like I don't think it's 2,000.  Let's say 2000.  We probably have a point in the evening where we have something like 1000 calories, 1200 calories 1000 calories, 1200 calories 1000 calories, 1200 calories or so. or so. or so. We took a few more steps today because we must have done a good job of burning fuel We took a few more steps today because we must have done a good job of burning fuel We took a few more steps today because we must have done a good job of burning fuel . . . Okay, okay, coach. Okay, okay, coach. Okay, okay, coach. Okay coach, thanks.