And we have installed golden lights in this house And we have installed golden lights in this house And we have installed golden lights in this house because golden lights give a because golden lights give a because golden lights give a warm look.  Sounds like a good one. warm look.  Sounds like a good one. warm look.  Sounds like a good one. This is extra parts.  All this will This is extra parts.  All this will This is extra parts.  All this will go inside it.  Everything like kalaja etc will go inside. go inside it.  Everything like kalaja etc will go inside. go inside it.  Everything like kalaja etc will go inside. Ok?  This is a keep egg.  Everything will Ok?  This is a keep egg.  Everything will Ok?  This is a keep egg.  Everything will go. go. go. This tea always falls down.  Stop.   stop stop. This tea always falls down.  Stop.   stop stop. What is he doing?  Electrical work. What is he doing?  Electrical work. What is he doing?  Electrical work. Pulling the main electric cable. Pulling the main electric cable. Pulling the main electric cable. How is he pulling it? Oh I Oh I Oh I came, came, came, mom had given me one a while ago, it is very mom had given me one a while ago, it is very mom had given me one a while ago, it is very sweet, wow, look, Mashallah Mashallah, my sweet, wow, look, Mashallah Mashallah, my sweet, wow, look, Mashallah Mashallah, my own plants, own plants, own plants, yes, yes, it is on top too, do you give paper, ok, yes, yes, it is on top too, do you give paper, ok, yes, yes, it is on top too, do you give paper, ok, eat pakki, they eat pakki, they eat pakki, they eat pakki, that's why mom has eat pakki, that's why mom has eat pakki, that's why mom has tied it and covered it, otherwise tied it and covered it, otherwise tied it and covered it, otherwise birds eat it, birds eat it, birds eat it, mom, peel many flowers, mom, peel many flowers, mom, peel many flowers, 200, you are cute, 200, you are cute, 200, you are cute, 200, there were many guavas inside it, meaning so many 200, there were many guavas inside it, meaning so many 200, there were many guavas inside it, meaning so many plants, plants, plants, yes, with this many yes, with this many yes, with this many plants, plants, plants, Aryan is playing right now, it is fun in the mud, Aryan is playing right now, it is fun in the mud, Aryan is playing right now, it is fun in the mud, Aryan, it is fun, this is what Aryan, it is fun, this is what Aryan, it is fun, this is what he wanted, he was waiting since long, he wanted, he was waiting since long, he wanted, he was waiting since long, Bishal will go, I will play in the mud, Aryan, eat this and go quickly, who will come to Aryan, eat this and go quickly, who will come to Aryan, eat this and go quickly, who will come to mom, who will come fast, run mom, who will come fast, run mom, who will come fast, run Aryan, Aryan, Aryan, mom will come only.  Yes mom will come only.  Yes mom will come only.  Yes mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom will come. mom will come. mom will come. Make gutta make gutta gutta Make gutta make gutta gutta Make gutta make gutta gutta make gutta.  You make it, make it with a spoon. make gutta.  You make it, make it with a spoon. make gutta.  You make it, make it with a spoon. Mom, Mom, Mom, Aryan has found his new friend. Aryan has found his new friend. Aryan has found his new friend. Aryan is your new friend.  Mustaqeem dog, drink it. dog, drink it. dog, drink it. Oh, build a house.  Make it with Mustaqeem.  You Oh, build a house.  Make it with Mustaqeem.  You Oh, build a house.  Make it with Mustaqeem.  You sandals po sandals why don't you open them sandals po sandals why don't you open them sandals po sandals why don't you open them yes Mustaqeem is eating guava Aryan also Mustaqeem is eating guava Aryan also Mustaqeem is eating guava Aryan also ate guava just now now give both and claim ate guava just now now give both and claim ate guava just now now give both and claim see keep my [ __ ] see keep my [ __ ] see keep my [ __ ] pit Aryan has made a pit see guys pit Aryan has made a pit see guys pit Aryan has made a pit see guys Mustaqeem's bungalow is a bit different Mustaqeem's bungalow is a bit different Mustaqeem's bungalow is a bit different I don't understand what he is saying when I don't understand what he is saying when I don't understand what he is saying when I talk to him or ask him anything I talk to him or ask him anything I talk to him or ask him anything he replies but I do he replies but I do he replies but I do n't understand anything he says.  Hit the peepada, you n't understand anything he says.  Hit the peepada, you n't understand anything he says.  Hit the peepada, you eat the peepada and hit the peepada. eat the peepada and hit the peepada. eat the peepada and hit the peepada. I am asking the ant.  Do you I am asking the ant.  Do you I am asking the ant.  Do you kill ants?  Ants say Peepra.  Bengali kill ants?  Ants say Peepra.  Bengali kill ants?  Ants say Peepra.  Bengali Pipra This is Pipra. Pipra This is Pipra. Pipra This is Pipra. Aryan Aryan Aryan Aryan you got stuck. Look at the children's play styles. Look at the children's play styles. Look at the children's play styles. Look at the play, I will see something with my nails Look at the play, I will see something with my nails Look at the play, I will see something with my nails Aryan, you will make a heart for mom with your nails, Aryan, you will make a heart for mom with your nails, make it with a spoon, what are you make it with a spoon, what are you make it with a spoon, what are you making Aryan, what are you drawing, making Aryan, what are you drawing, I am driving the car, I am driving the car, I am driving the car, you are driving the car, you are driving the car, you are driving the car, oy oy Mustaqeem, is there a pothole in the car, oy oy Mustaqeem, is there a pothole in the car, oy oy Mustaqeem, is there a pothole in the car, how did Mustaqeem take the car into the pothole, how did Mustaqeem take the car into the pothole, how did Mustaqeem take the car into the pothole, Aryan, you will see, you want to see, you want to Aryan, you will see, you want to see, you want to Aryan, you will see, you want to see, you want to play together, it is so nice, the sounds of the birds are so nice, the sounds of the birds are so nice, the sounds of the birds are coming. I am back in my comfortable I am back in my comfortable I am back in my comfortable clothes clothes clothes and right now we are sitting after having breakfast. and right now we are sitting after having breakfast. and right now we are sitting after having breakfast. Spoon Here Your Spoon This One is looking for a spoon. Spoon Here Your Spoon This One is looking for a spoon. Spoon Here Your Spoon This One is looking for a spoon. Look who hid the spoon, you yourself hid it Look who hid the spoon, you yourself hid it Look who hid the spoon, you yourself hid it and then you yourself are searching for the spoon. and then you yourself are searching for the spoon. and then you yourself are searching for the spoon. Finally, after waiting for three-four hours, I got Finally, after waiting for three-four hours, I got Finally, after waiting for three-four hours, I got this cable worth Rs 10. this cable worth Rs 10. this cable worth Rs 10. Now I am going back to the same place Now I am going back to the same place Now I am going back to the same place where I had parked my boat. where I had parked my boat. where I had parked my boat. But here the But here the But here the weather has become very bad because weather has become very bad because weather has become very bad because storms can come anytime.  It became dark and the entire storms can come anytime.  It became dark and the entire storms can come anytime.  It became dark and the entire sky was filled with clouds.  So it would be sky was filled with clouds.  So it would be sky was filled with clouds.  So it would be better for me to cross the river quickly. better for me to cross the river quickly. better for me to cross the river quickly. So we passed by that place So we passed by that place So we passed by that place and while going, we placed this wire in the middle so that it does and while going, we placed this wire in the middle so that it does and while going, we placed this wire in the middle so that it does not fall.  And this person in the boat was actually not fall.  And this person in the boat was actually not fall.  And this person in the boat was actually fishing.  He fishing.  He fishing.  He caught only one fish the whole day. caught only one fish the whole day. caught only one fish the whole day. This is Palla, child, Palla.  Meaning, it is so small that he cannot even eat it. This is Palla, child, Palla.  Meaning, it is so small that he cannot even eat it. This is Palla, child, Palla.  Meaning, it is so small that he cannot even eat it. So the sky became completely dark So the sky became completely dark So the sky became completely dark and the waves were also very high and the waves were also very high and the waves were also very high this time because it would start raining soon this time because it would start raining soon this time because it would start raining soon and the waves were and the waves were and the waves were coming inside the boat.  Due to the jolt with the boat, coming inside the boat.  Due to the jolt with the boat, coming inside the boat.  Due to the jolt with the boat, our pants and shoes got wet.  So it was our pants and shoes got wet.  So it was our pants and shoes got wet.  So it was very dangerous.  It was a bit dangerous on the return journey very dangerous.  It was a bit dangerous on the return journey very dangerous.  It was a bit dangerous on the return journey because even Abba got because even Abba got because even Abba got tensed waiting for me.  That father was waiting for me on the bank asking tensed waiting for me.  That father was waiting for me on the bank asking tensed waiting for me.  That father was waiting for me on the bank asking where we were and where we were and where we were and why we had not crossed the river yet.  It why we had not crossed the river yet.  It why we had not crossed the river yet.  It started raining heavily.  On top of that the waves were also started raining heavily.  On top of that the waves were also started raining heavily.  On top of that the waves were also very high.  Due to which everyone in the house was very high.  Due to which everyone in the house was very high.  Due to which everyone in the house was tense.  Maybe for the first time there was a tense.  Maybe for the first time there was a tense.  Maybe for the first time there was a shore nearby, then I was shore nearby, then I was shore nearby, then I was searching everywhere to see if there was any place nearby where I could catch hold of it searching everywhere to see if there was any place nearby where I could catch hold of it searching everywhere to see if there was any place nearby where I could catch hold of it if I drowned.  This tension was always there.   There is a if I drowned.  This tension was always there.   There is a if I drowned.  This tension was always there.   There is a time to go and there is a time to come back. time to go and there is a time to come back. time to go and there is a time to come back. Check out this view from Mashallah.  This father and Check out this view from Mashallah.  This father and Check out this view from Mashallah.  This father and son are both sleeping on the sofa. son are both sleeping on the sofa. son are both sleeping on the sofa. Aryan normally does not sleep during the day Aryan normally does not sleep during the day Aryan normally does not sleep during the day but suddenly he has fallen asleep.  And let but suddenly he has fallen asleep.  And let but suddenly he has fallen asleep.  And let me show you a nice view.  Hey, are me show you a nice view.  Hey, are me show you a nice view.  Hey, are you up?   You were you up?   You were you up?   You were not acting, I had to get a not acting, I had to get a not acting, I had to get a lot of work done from you, come let me lot of work done from you, come let me lot of work done from you, come let me show you one thing, you were sleeping, right, there is show you one thing, you were sleeping, right, there is show you one thing, you were sleeping, right, there is a bird outside, it is a bird outside, it is a bird outside, it is raining, let me raining, let me raining, let me show you, it is raining here, here show you, it is raining here, here show you, it is raining here, here I will go and see the birds, oh, they are eating even in the rain, I will go and see the birds, oh, they are eating even in the rain, how many, right now I can how many, right now I can how many, right now I can see two, they flew away, see two, they flew away, see two, they flew away, 50-60 come at a good time, 50-60 come at a good time, 50-60 come at a good time, mother said, she gives it in the morning at the time of Fajr, then mother said, she gives it in the morning at the time of Fajr, then mother said, she gives it in the morning at the time of Fajr, then this entire ground gets filled.   There will be a this entire ground gets filled.   There will be a this entire ground gets filled.   There will be a video of that time. video of that time. video of that time. Hey look, water is coming in when the window is opened. Hey look, water is coming in when the window is opened. Hey look, water is coming in when the window is opened. Why?   He will Why?   He will Why?   He will come soon.  It is raining heavily right now come soon.  It is raining heavily right now come soon.  It is raining heavily right now brother brother brother and it is fun.  Hey, his sleep got disturbed. and it is fun.  Hey, his sleep got disturbed. and it is fun.  Hey, his sleep got disturbed. Friends, you must remember that Friends, you must remember that Friends, you must remember that we had bought these switches when Iman and I had gone there.   Is we had bought these switches when Iman and I had gone there.   Is we had bought these switches when Iman and I had gone there.   Is n't it Eman?  We were n't it Eman?  We were n't it Eman?  We were two years and a half ago.   I think two years and a half ago.   I think two years and a half ago.   I think two years ago.  So it took a two years ago.  So it took a two years ago.  So it took a lot of time for the poor guy to do this.  And all this is the lot of time for the poor guy to do this.  And all this is the lot of time for the poor guy to do this.  And all this is the hard work of the mother which she has done after looking at each and every thing. hard work of the mother which she has done after looking at each and every thing. hard work of the mother which she has done after looking at each and every thing. And these ones look very nice And these ones look very nice And these ones look very nice in this house.  The grey colour means theme so there are in this house.  The grey colour means theme so there are in this house.  The grey colour means theme so there are lots of grey grey switches lots of grey grey switches lots of grey grey switches and yellow lights.  So look, and yellow lights.  So look, and yellow lights.  So look, even without lights you get a nice cool view.  There even without lights you get a nice cool view.  There even without lights you get a nice cool view.  There is no need for AC here, friend. is no need for AC here, friend. is no need for AC here, friend. I had put sheets and blankets on my sister's bed and I I had put sheets and blankets on my sister's bed and I I had put sheets and blankets on my sister's bed and I know I had even turned off the fan at night.  It know I had even turned off the fan at night.  It know I had even turned off the fan at night.  It was so cold at night.   Was was so cold at night.   Was was so cold at night.   Was dying. dying. dying. So right now it is the rainy season.  So now So right now it is the rainy season.  So now So right now it is the rainy season.  So now I will make some delicious hot tea for us. I will make some delicious hot tea for us. I will make some delicious hot tea for us. Then we eat and we have Then we eat and we have Then we eat and we have installed golden lights in this house because golden installed golden lights in this house because golden installed golden lights in this house because golden lights give a warm look and lights give a warm look and lights give a warm look and look nice and when I had not come to this house, at least it looks look nice and when I had not come to this house, at least it looks different, the white light in Dhaka, different, the white light in Dhaka, different, the white light in Dhaka, here also there is white light of white colour, here here also there is white light of white colour, here here also there is white light of white colour, here also it will feel that I am in the same place, same also it will feel that I am in the same place, same also it will feel that I am in the same place, same environment, that is why environment, that is why environment, that is why different lights were provided, brother it is different or at other different lights were provided, brother it is different or at other different lights were provided, brother it is different or at other places, places, places, yes it was Imon's idea that whatever lights we provide for so yes it was Imon's idea that whatever lights we provide for so yes it was Imon's idea that whatever lights we provide for so many buildings, all of them are over many buildings, all of them are over and this is another reason of his too, you have made it white, do you and this is another reason of his too, you have made it white, do you and this is another reason of his too, you have made it white, do you know why? know why? know why? Why? Why? Why? Because when you asked Chat GBD, Because when you asked Chat GBD, Because when you asked Chat GBD, put white lights in this house. put white lights in this house. put white lights in this house. I had asked Chatji to take photos from outside and then I had asked Chatji to take photos from outside and then I had asked Chatji to take photos from outside and then I had asked him to light this building properly. I had asked him to light this building properly. I had asked him to light this building properly. Then what did Chat GBT do Then what did Chat GBT do Then what did Chat GBT do ?  Yellow light gave warm light. ?  Yellow light gave warm light. ?  Yellow light gave warm light. I felt so much better after that.  Then I felt so much better after that.  Then I felt so much better after that.  Then after that, the world after that, the world after that, the world means if you look outside the building at night, means if you look outside the building at night, means if you look outside the building at night, if all the lights are on in the house, then if all the lights are on in the house, then if all the lights are on in the house, then my JGBT is completely with me, that is, my JGBT is completely with me, that is, my JGBT is completely with me, that is, JB is completely with me, that is my boyfriend. JB is completely with me, that is my boyfriend. JB is completely with me, that is my boyfriend. Yes, stop it now.  I have spoken enough. Yes, stop it now.  I have spoken enough. Yes, stop it now.  I have spoken enough. Assalamu Alaikum and hey friends welcome back Assalamu Alaikum and hey friends welcome back Assalamu Alaikum and hey friends welcome back to my channel.  So early in the morning we are to my channel.  So early in the morning we are to my channel.  So early in the morning we are making breakfast in Bighal.  I have made these rotis. making breakfast in Bighal.  I have made these rotis. making breakfast in Bighal.  I have made these rotis. All the poor parathas got burnt a little.  They have been All the poor parathas got burnt a little.  They have been All the poor parathas got burnt a little.  They have been broken and taken out like this.  All these kebabs are ready. broken and taken out like this.  All these kebabs are ready. broken and taken out like this.  All these kebabs are ready. Our tea is being made here. Our tea is being made here. Our tea is being made here. This is our sausage.  So here is our This is our sausage.  So here is our This is our sausage.  So here is our view of the kitchen.  There is a nice view of the kitchen.  There is a nice view of the kitchen.  There is a nice breeze coming from here from outside.  So this is breeze coming from here from outside.  So this is breeze coming from here from outside.  So this is our kitchen and our kitchen and our kitchen and here is mother's stuff.  Spices here is mother's stuff.  Spices here is mother's stuff.  Spices etc. are here.  This stuff is there. etc. are here.  This stuff is there. etc. are here.  This stuff is there. Here is the stuff.  So this is our nice and Here is the stuff.  So this is our nice and Here is the stuff.  So this is our nice and lovely kitchen.  Where this is lovely kitchen.  Where this is lovely kitchen.  Where this is becoming our breakfast, our first breakfast.  So becoming our breakfast, our first breakfast.  So becoming our breakfast, our first breakfast.  So Mashaallah Mashaallah, I am having fun Mashaallah Mashaallah, I am having fun Mashaallah Mashaallah, I am having fun in the village, friend.  What an atmosphere it is.  So in the village, friend.  What an atmosphere it is.  So in the village, friend.  What an atmosphere it is.  So they remove all the garbage from the paratha packets they remove all the garbage from the paratha packets they remove all the garbage from the paratha packets and quickly have their breakfast and quickly have their breakfast and quickly have their breakfast ready.  By the way, there is no gas here. ready.  By the way, there is no gas here. ready.  By the way, there is no gas here. So look, this is the cylinder, this one So look, this is the cylinder, this one So look, this is the cylinder, this one is running and it scares me a lot. is running and it scares me a lot. is running and it scares me a lot. Yes Abba Yes Abba Yes Abba Internet yes yes ok yes yes yes Internet yes yes ok yes yes yes Internet yes yes ok yes yes yes this tea always falls. this tea always falls. this tea always falls. Stop stop stop I will turn it on again. Stop stop stop I will turn it on again. Stop stop stop I will turn it on again. Because this tea keeps falling from my hands.  I had Because this tea keeps falling from my hands.  I had Because this tea keeps falling from my hands.  I had made it once before.  She had fallen. You Ashish Sona ji, tea is ready, paratha is ready, come on, he is doing this electrical work, he is this electrical work, he is this electrical work, he is pulling the electric cable, pulling the electric cable, pulling the electric cable, how is he pulling it, the purpose is with water, put the wire, today I am going to make roasted duck, roasted duck, for that today I am going to make roasted duck, roasted duck, for that I need all these things, so come on, let me I need all these things, so come on, let me I need all these things, so come on, let me quickly grind some things quickly grind some things quickly grind some things and some onions, we do and some onions, we do and some onions, we do tadka like this, not tadka, we will do the tadka like this, not tadka, we will do the tadka like this, not tadka, we will do the sautéing in the beginning, so sautéing in the beginning, so sautéing in the beginning, so first of all, I will first of all, I will chop some garlic, ginger ginger in small pieces.  So, since these are very big, it will take a chop some garlic, ginger ginger in small pieces.  So, since these are very big, it will take a chop some garlic, ginger ginger in small pieces.  So, since these are very big, it will take a lot of time to grind them.  The lot of time to grind them.  The lot of time to grind them.  The knife is very sharp.  So you will have to do it carefully. knife is very sharp.  So you will have to do it carefully. knife is very sharp.  So you will have to do it carefully. So these ones will all keep grinding. So these ones will all keep grinding. So these ones will all keep grinding. This is also there.  I do This is also there.  I do This is also there.  I do n't need so many of them.  Adding too much ginger will make it n't need so many of them.  Adding too much ginger will make it n't need so many of them.  Adding too much ginger will make it too bitter.  I think this is enough. too bitter.  I think this is enough. too bitter.  I think this is enough. And after that the garlic will go away as it is. And after that the garlic will go away as it is. And after that the garlic will go away as it is. I will fry some onions. I will fry some onions. I will fry some onions. So let's chop some onions. Every knife is different. Every knife is different. Every knife is different. So this knife is a little difficult to hold.   There So this knife is a little difficult to hold.   There is also a big knife.  I can use that too. is also a big knife.  I can use that too. is also a big knife.  I can use that too. But we manage with this only.  Let us go. But we manage with this only.  Let us go. But we manage with this only.  Let us go. Abba had brought fresh duck even Abba had brought fresh duck even Abba had brought fresh duck even before we came, that duck was growing before we came, that duck was growing before we came, that duck was growing on our terrace till we on our terrace till we on our terrace till we came, then yesterday its father said came, then yesterday its father said came, then yesterday its father said Allahu Akbar to it and forced it to cook, and today Allahu Akbar to it and forced it to cook, and today Allahu Akbar to it and forced it to cook, and today I am going to make its roasted duck, I am going to make its roasted duck, I am going to make its roasted duck, freshly cooked, so let's cook it quickly, I freshly cooked, so let's cook it quickly, I will fry some onion, rest all this, will fry some onion, rest all this, will fry some onion, rest all this, why have you put grind right, I why have you put grind right, I why have you put grind right, I question each and every thing for you.   There is a question each and every thing for you.   There is a question each and every thing for you.   There is a yellow light in your room, isn't there a yellow yellow light in your room, isn't there a yellow yellow light in your room, isn't there a yellow light?  This duck masala is ready.   Did light?  This duck masala is ready.   Did light?  This duck masala is ready.   Did not add chillies.  Children will eat it not add chillies.  Children will eat it not add chillies.  Children will eat it and this one is a duck.  Its feet also go and this one is a duck.  Its feet also go and this one is a duck.  Its feet also go inside it.  Ok?  Everything is clean. inside it.  Ok?  Everything is clean. inside it.  Ok?  Everything is clean. Mother has kept everything clean.  This Mother has kept everything clean.  This Mother has kept everything clean.  This is duck meat.  So this one is my own duck. is duck meat.  So this one is my own duck. is duck meat.  So this one is my own duck. This is his nirgat.  A big drain.  It This is his nirgat.  A big drain.  It This is his nirgat.  A big drain.  It was a very big duck.  I might have made a video or was a very big duck.  I might have made a video or was a very big duck.  I might have made a video or not, I don't know, if I will watch the video, then not, I don't know, if I will watch the video, then not, I don't know, if I will watch the video, then this is its meat and its extra parts, this is its meat and its extra parts, this is its meat and its extra parts, everything will go inside it, liver etc. everything will go inside it, liver etc. everything will go inside it, liver etc. everything will go inside, okay, keep this egg aside, everything will go inside, okay, keep this egg aside, everything will go inside, okay, keep this egg aside, everything will go inside, so right now it is just a little everything will go inside, so right now it is just a little everything will go inside, so right now it is just a little fried, I will put it in now and Eamon is fried, I will put it in now and Eamon is fried, I will put it in now and Eamon is going to bathe Aryan because there is going to bathe Aryan because there is going to bathe Aryan because there is a fun here for Aryan, he a fun here for Aryan, he a fun here for Aryan, he plays in the mud again and again, as soon as Aryan plays in the mud again and again, as soon as Aryan plays in the mud again and again, as soon as Aryan comes out of the house, he goes to the mud comes out of the house, he goes to the mud comes out of the house, he goes to the mud ground, then what he does is that he keeps playing. ground, then what he does is that he keeps playing. ground, then what he does is that he keeps playing. The vehicles take the gardens. The vehicles take the gardens. The vehicles take the gardens. He also has a friend here and He also has a friend here and He also has a friend here and keeps playing with him.  Then Aryan will take a bath and keeps playing with him.  Then Aryan will take a bath and keeps playing with him.  Then Aryan will take a bath and then have breakfast.  I woke up early in the morning and then have breakfast.  I woke up early in the morning and then have breakfast.  I woke up early in the morning and went out.  So this is an went out.  So this is an went out.  So this is an interesting thing that happens in the village that the children get interesting thing that happens in the village that the children get interesting thing that happens in the village that the children get very much in tune with the nature.  Let's play. very much in tune with the nature.  Let's play. very much in tune with the nature.  Let's play. So let's So let's So let's cut fresh guavas from our own trees right now.  Come on, cut fresh guavas from our own trees right now.  Come on, cut fresh guavas from our own trees right now.  Come on, how how how healthy will it be with Mashallah.  No chemicals whatsoever.  The plants that healthy will it be with Mashallah.  No chemicals whatsoever.  The plants that healthy will it be with Mashallah.  No chemicals whatsoever.  The plants that we buy from the market or grow by giving them chemical preparations are we buy from the market or grow by giving them chemical preparations are chemical free.  Its peels are also eaten. chemical free.  Its peels are also eaten. chemical free.  Its peels are also eaten. So now peel it or So now peel it or So now peel it or eat it like this. eat it like this. eat it like this. All the peels are there. All the peels are there. All the peels are there. Will you eat?   There are no Will you eat?   There are no Will you eat?   There are no pesticides, nothing.  It has come from Just Pay. pesticides, nothing.  It has come from Just Pay. Yes.  Now whatever Yes.  Now whatever Yes.  Now whatever we eat from the market, because we eat from the market, because we eat from the market, because whatever is given in the market, they whatever is given in the market, they whatever is given in the market, they give chemicals to preserve it. They give chemicals to preserve it. They give chemicals to preserve it. They give chemicals so that it gets cooked.  When a child is born, he give chemicals so that it gets cooked.  When a child is born, he give chemicals so that it gets cooked.  When a child is born, he gives chemicals.  When he becomes old, he gives chemicals. gives chemicals.  When he becomes old, he gives chemicals. Yes.  Let's cut it as it is now.  Ok? Yes.  Let's cut it as it is now.  Ok? Yes.  Let's cut it as it is now.  Ok? let's Eat.  Fresh fruit.  Whenever we let's Eat.  Fresh fruit.  Whenever we let's Eat.  Fresh fruit.  Whenever we eat even one thing from our own village, from the eat even one thing from our own village, from the eat even one thing from our own village, from the trees, mother and father become so happy.  If we are trees, mother and father become so happy.  If we are trees, mother and father become so happy.  If we are so happy then so happy then we will quickly eat every tree that is there.  I'll also give you a tour of we will quickly eat every tree that is there.  I'll also give you a tour of we will quickly eat every tree that is there.  I'll also give you a tour of all our plants. And three, And three, And three, mom, it is very tasty, so very tasty, so very tasty, so our roasted duck is our roasted duck is our roasted duck is ready, and here in Bangladesh, ready, and here in Bangladesh, ready, and here in Bangladesh, rice roti with duck is famous, rice roti with duck is famous, rice roti with duck is famous, so this mom has made a type of roti, it is so this mom has made a type of roti, it is so this mom has made a type of roti, it is called Siddha roti, this is also very called Siddha roti, this is also very called Siddha roti, this is also very tasty, it is a complicated tasty, it is a complicated tasty, it is a complicated process.  It is not easy to make and process.  It is not easy to make and process.  It is not easy to make and it is very tasty to eat. it is very tasty to eat. it is very tasty to eat. So I also enjoy Bangladeshi food a So I also enjoy Bangladeshi food a So I also enjoy Bangladeshi food a lot.  And when I feel like eating lot.  And when I feel like eating lot.  And when I feel like eating Pakistani food, I Pakistani food, I Pakistani food, I also enjoy Pakistani food.  So till now also enjoy Pakistani food.  So till now also enjoy Pakistani food.  So till now we enjoy our village life. we enjoy our village life. we enjoy our village life. See you in my next vlog.  God See you in my next vlog.  God See you in my next vlog.  God bless you.  Bye-B bless you.  Bye-B bless you.  Bye-B Tu Awash Tu Awash Tu Awash Koni Sin Koni Sin Koni Sin Go