IFY tip like alright I Where do you guys come from? Whoever come here every day makes fun of me! Excuse me, what is the number? reality topic! e owners of your house! So why do you come here every day? You are hysterical! So who are you? What is your number? save them! Oh, sorry ya will come, then come with rest! No, you got it! not a place here the The It said the boss amplgow named oriented a littleoke Is thisUF the source. The Because now which happens after five years of doing that. In Skype, it's a very good idea to make good friends like me. But at that time most of the time, I did what I had to say. right okay you I'm on They iodine stick all over. I am looking foralterp fat Q and they man the Dude, you told me you would make it. You're subtitling me when you see thefuls You told me that a happy ending isn't a EQ Would you be making a movie with the sire? That's funny! Not enough money to Somerset! By talking to him in the previous video, I'll give you the box which says guitar player Take one, MrZoni bye! "' territorial Seven year old man he got his standard my back to the br next night entireramento shop hour in Russia uh... sold The enemy is having a bad enemy. This resources will pay, Thank you. Mayday ji Ji Ram and its evolvedav Kayaka negotiations? If it is withoutusting, what makes a classic If you were involved, you wouldn't put your Nar provided! We come forIn a yea.. You know, theerson brings up restedNat That is thekiest thing I have ever heard Much easier for them... We want the phone acoustic body Can't programs and a lot of havoc Me.. Very popular hundred dollars Oh 700 Yo Creative A fifty Hey T, I'm gonna jogger a pot of magoo chanti. Thank you. Decade you know. Go potter the game. Jatweh, Jomie, Kenitili, Sethok, Ayla, Potapota, Kichi, Dorkanai. Binda, Saigarilua, Kei, Kei, Kei, Koribani. Bujila, Tom Mokuse, Lokua, Sorca, Jagadeki. Micho, Toki, Ki, Tonkane, Kipolai, Chi. Tom Mokai, Mursan, Sarur, Dakhini. Upan, Sarur, Chari, Lokara, Chari, Hato, Jagamele, Kastakara. Authumoku, Duygun, Tohagamele, Eiji. Nai! Ruar, Ruar, Ruar. Muebe, Saal, Lokopo, Phon, Kari, Dakhuchi. Ka, Pora, Tomo, Kota, Saipuchi. Chifu, Eiji, Kotsu, M Chifu, Tehe, Vahe, Sichto, Fe. Hey, hey, Chilokutara, Phon, Laguna. If you move Phon, Kori, V, Jagapai, Chari, Lokara, Daijiri, Jagagini. Chari, Lokara, Korta, Kari, Vora, Von, Neili. Report UN touted,an So, we should settle there and not settle here. All right. What do you mean by distance ? Your mom used her learns from a distance My butt is crazy son of a bitch Where was the Thank you.