Hello good morning. Well, in the last blog post I uploaded, Well, in the last blog post I uploaded, Well, in the last blog post I uploaded, Come here, I'm going to clean them up. Come here, I'm going to clean them up. Come here, I'm going to clean them up. In the last blog post I uploaded, all the In the last blog post I uploaded, all the In the last blog post I uploaded, all the The comments were, "Cuyie, you have to do The comments were, "Cuyie, you have to do The comments were, "Cuyie, you have to do More vogs do weekly blogs like Sofi. More vogs do weekly blogs like Sofi. More vogs do weekly blogs like Sofi. Cuqui, please, when will the blogs be ready? Cuqui, please, when will the blogs be ready? Cuqui, please, when will the blogs be ready? "2 hours, every week." And the "2 hours, every week." And the "2 hours, every week." And the They really liked the blog. I They really liked the blog. I They really liked the blog. I I didn't know they liked them so much I didn't know they liked them so much I didn't know they liked them so much blogs, so since I don't have the blogs, so since I don't have the blogs, so since I don't have the sufficient organization in my life as sufficient organization in my life as sufficient organization in my life as to make two videos per week and to make two videos per week and to make two videos per week and create a blog and a themed CD for them, create a blog and a themed CD for them, create a blog and a themed CD for them, Comment on this video. So this is Comment on this video. So this is Comment on this video. So this is the moment when you can the moment when you can the moment when you can to comment and say yes, I want to, I don't want to. to comment and say yes, I want to, I don't want to. to comment and say yes, I want to, I don't want to. Make a themed video for a week, one Make a themed video for a week, one Make a themed video for a week, one a week a long blog. One week a week a long blog. One week a week a long blog. One week Themed video, one week a blog Themed video, one week a blog Themed video, one week a blog long. And if they like it, well, that's it. long. And if they like it, well, that's it. long. And if they like it, well, that's it. the new dynamic of my channel the new dynamic of my channel the new dynamic of my channel YouTube, if they like it, if it appeals to them or YouTube, if they like it, if it appeals to them or YouTube, if they like it, if it appeals to them or As Sofi says, if it challenges them. But As Sofi says, if it challenges them. But As Sofi says, if it challenges them. But Well, today is Monday morning I went to Well, today is Monday morning I went to Well, today is Monday morning I went to gym. Like, me too in the gym. Like, me too in the gym. Like, me too in the Vogs, that happens to me, it's like I don't have Vogs, that happens to me, it's like I don't have Vogs, that happens to me, it's like I don't have I want to show you all my days, everything I want to show you all my days, everything I want to show you all my days, everything the day, because I'm quite a girl the day, because I'm quite a girl the day, because I'm quite a girl routine and if I show you literally routine and if I show you literally routine and if I show you literally Every day, all day long, it's the same. Every day, all day long, it's the same. Every day, all day long, it's the same. I go to the gym, I eat the same, I do the I go to the gym, I eat the same, I do the I go to the gym, I eat the same, I do the same. So I'm eager to show him same. So I'm eager to show him same. So I'm eager to show him like the best moments of each week like the best moments of each week like the best moments of each week mine. And for example, today, Monday, I came here, mine. And for example, today, Monday, I came here, mine. And for example, today, Monday, I came here, I'm clearly not at home, I'm in I'm clearly not at home, I'm in I'm clearly not at home, I'm in Lau's house because we're going to castrate Lau's house because we're going to castrate Lau's house because we're going to castrate the kitten. Come on, Michu, come on, my the kitten. Come on, Michu, come on, my the kitten. Come on, Michu, come on, my fat. Come here, fatty. Come on, chubby. Here fat. Come here, fatty. Come on, chubby. Here fat. Come here, fatty. Come on, chubby. Here We have it. In case you don't know her, she We have it. In case you don't know her, she We have it. In case you don't know her, she It's Tiramisu, which I call Michu. It's Tiramisu, which I call Michu. It's Tiramisu, which I call Michu. Tiramisu put the car on him, he called it Misu Tiramisu put the car on him, he called it Misu Tiramisu put the car on him, he called it Misu And now it's Michu. She is Michumi. I the And now it's Michu. She is Michumi. I the And now it's Michu. She is Michumi. I the I renamed her and we're going to spay her today I renamed her and we're going to spay her today I renamed her and we're going to spay her today because she's in heat. Well, because it does because she's in heat. Well, because it does because she's in heat. Well, because it does For a few days now, it seems like he's been getting a... For a few days now, it seems like he's been getting a... For a few days now, it seems like he's been getting a... very hard ground and ends up passing it very hard ground and ends up passing it very hard ground and ends up passing it She was sick and started peeing all over the house. She was sick and started peeing all over the house. She was sick and started peeing all over the house. So we're going to take her to get her spayed at So we're going to take her to get her spayed at So we're going to take her to get her spayed at The chubby girl, poor thing. It is a calm. The chubby girl, poor thing. It is a calm. The chubby girl, poor thing. It is a calm. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's really good. She's a really good cat. I It's really good. She's a really good cat. I It's really good. She's a really good cat. I I had never been in contact with one I had never been in contact with one I had never been in contact with one female cat. Like cats everywhere female cat. Like cats everywhere female cat. Like cats everywhere My family are all males. My cats are My family are all males. My cats are My family are all males. My cats are males and I had as if prejudice to males and I had as if prejudice to males and I had as if prejudice to the female cat seemed more like a daughter of the female cat seemed more like a daughter of the female cat seemed more like a daughter of I don't know why, but it has nothing to do with everything. I don't know why, but it has nothing to do with everything. I don't know why, but it has nothing to do with everything. contrary. Misu is a princess, she is a contrary. Misu is a princess, she is a contrary. Misu is a princess, she is a ma'am, she's a lady, she's a damsel. ma'am, she's a lady, she's a damsel. ma'am, she's a lady, she's a damsel. But anyway, we're going to spay her today. But anyway, we're going to spay her today. But anyway, we're going to spay her today. Poor thing. So that's the Poor thing. So that's the Poor thing. So that's the We'll film when everyone arrives We'll film when everyone arrives We'll film when everyone arrives drugged. drugged. drugged. My cats didn't come home drugged when My cats didn't come home drugged when My cats didn't come home drugged when the cats I used to have. Yes. And the cats I used to have. Yes. And the cats I used to have. Yes. And It goes everywhere. It goes everywhere. It goes everywhere. He didn't appear on video. He didn't appear on video. He didn't appear on video. But not. You told me as if it were But not. You told me as if it were But not. You told me as if it were It's bad, but it's funny. Able It's bad, but it's funny. Able It's bad, but it's funny. Able Has this happened to any of you? Has this happened to any of you? Has this happened to any of you? They castrate a cat and come back and when They castrate a cat and come back and when They castrate a cat and come back and when they return they return they return with a lot of anesthesia. I feel sorry for them. with a lot of anesthesia. I feel sorry for them. with a lot of anesthesia. I feel sorry for them. But I feel like they don't understand anything. But I feel like they don't understand anything. But I feel like they don't understand anything. But no, but look at this one. Not anymore But no, but look at this one. Not anymore But no, but look at this one. Not anymore He understands nothing. Look what he said. That He understands nothing. Look what he said. That He understands nothing. Look what he said. That chubby, beautiful. chubby, beautiful. chubby, beautiful. There's the thing that we're going to... There's the thing that we're going to... There's the thing that we're going to... take it now. take it now. take it now. Yes, there's the transport company so that Yes, there's the transport company so that Yes, there's the transport company so that make peace with the situation. But make peace with the situation. But make peace with the situation. But Well, that's it, we're going to castrate Misu and the Well, that's it, we're going to castrate Misu and the Well, that's it, we're going to castrate Misu and the We'll probably wait and see how long it takes. We'll probably wait and see how long it takes. We'll probably wait and see how long it takes. about an hour, an hour and a half about an hour, an hour and a half about an hour, an hour and a half Let's say, we'll wait for her at a cafe. Let's say, we'll wait for her at a cafe. Let's say, we'll wait for her at a cafe. And I have a psychologist today, but the And I have a psychologist today, but the And I have a psychologist today, but the My psychologist put me in virtual therapy, but My psychologist put me in virtual therapy, but My psychologist put me in virtual therapy, but That's better, I come and have it here. That's better, I come and have it here. That's better, I come and have it here. therapy and I don't have to leave again therapy and I don't have to leave again therapy and I don't have to leave again until until until allorí allorí allorí because we live far away. But oh well, nothing. because we live far away. But oh well, nothing. because we live far away. But oh well, nothing. That's it, let's register my chumí. That's it, let's register my chumí. That's it, let's register my chumí. Yes, let's hope so. Yes, let's hope so. Yes, let's hope so. Oh, can I say something? Oh, can I say something? Oh, can I say something? from some hateful comments I was from some hateful comments I was from some hateful comments I was Reading, not yours? Reading, not yours? Reading, not yours? I didn't read that they did anything to me. I didn't read that they did anything to me. I didn't read that they did anything to me. hater. I read positive comments. hater. I read positive comments. hater. I read positive comments. Yes, but they say you appear a lot. Yes, but they say you appear a lot. Yes, but they say you appear a lot. But what I'm telling you is, they say that But what I'm telling you is, they say that But what I'm telling you is, they say that They want blogs, but Lauti appears They want blogs, but Lauti appears They want blogs, but Lauti appears A lot, guys. She is part of my life. EITHER A lot, guys. She is part of my life. EITHER A lot, guys. She is part of my life. EITHER Fine, if they want blogs, but damn it Fine, if they want blogs, but damn it Fine, if they want blogs, but damn it series of videos. series of videos. series of videos. Yes, if you want blogs, Lauti will be there. Yes, if you want blogs, Lauti will be there. Yes, if you want blogs, Lauti will be there. on blogs because I spend almost all of them on blogs because I spend almost all of them on blogs because I spend almost all of them days of the week with Lauti. I mean, days of the week with Lauti. I mean, days of the week with Lauti. I mean, We live together, but in two houses We live together, but in two houses We live together, but in two houses different. Since I have my house, he different. Since I have my house, he different. Since I have my house, he She has her own house, but we're here all day She has her own house, but we're here all day She has her own house, but we're here all day from here to there because of the cats too. from here to there because of the cats too. from here to there because of the cats too. That's for the cats. I'd kind of put it That's for the cats. I'd kind of put it That's for the cats. I'd kind of put it I do, I stay here all day and maybe I do, I stay here all day and maybe I do, I stay here all day and maybe I sleep at her place. She doesn't like it I sleep at her place. She doesn't like it I sleep at her place. She doesn't like it sleeps so much here because he doesn't like it sleeps so much here because he doesn't like it sleeps so much here because he doesn't like it night to leave the cats. Because Kenny is night to leave the cats. Because Kenny is night to leave the cats. Because Kenny is very mackerel. very mackerel. very mackerel. That's it. That's it. That's it. And Kenny, seriously, the other day I went all out And Kenny, seriously, the other day I went all out And Kenny, seriously, the other day I went all out One day, I came back and Kenny didn't speak to me. One day, I came back and Kenny didn't speak to me. One day, I came back and Kenny didn't speak to me. But it should also be clarified that Kenny But it should also be clarified that Kenny But it should also be clarified that Kenny He's a 5-year-old cat, who has already been He's a 5-year-old cat, who has already been He's a 5-year-old cat, who has already been has changed its habitat many times. My has changed its habitat many times. My has changed its habitat many times. My kitten, let's say, she's 13 months old and she's not kitten, let's say, she's 13 months old and she's not kitten, let's say, she's 13 months old and she's not that sucks that sucks that sucks He can't say, guys. He is a father He can't say, guys. He is a father He can't say, guys. He is a father that has not yet passed the year stage. that has not yet passed the year stage. that has not yet passed the year stage. He didn't want to change her food. He didn't want to change her food. He didn't want to change her food. Kitten. No, she doesn't accept that her cat has Kitten. No, she doesn't accept that her cat has Kitten. No, she doesn't accept that her cat has more than a year. He doesn't accept it. more than a year. He doesn't accept it. more than a year. He doesn't accept it. It's no more than a year old. That's it. Already It's no more than a year old. That's it. Already It's no more than a year old. That's it. Already this. He is one and a half years old. It has my this. He is one and a half years old. It has my this. He is one and a half years old. It has my baby. It's a baby. baby. It's a baby. baby. It's a baby. She's a baby, but she's a year and a half old and there are She's a baby, but she's a year and a half old and there are She's a baby, but she's a year and a half old and there are that must be overcome and let go. He didn't that must be overcome and let go. He didn't that must be overcome and let go. He didn't Let go. She's a beautiful baby girl. Let go. She's a beautiful baby girl. Let go. She's a beautiful baby girl. Look, look how she lets herself go. Look, look how she lets herself go. Look, look how she lets herself go. She's a little babe. We love you, fatty. Dance. She's a little babe. We love you, fatty. Dance. She's a little babe. We love you, fatty. Dance. Leave today. Anything to say? Leave today. Anything to say? Leave today. Anything to say? Poor thing. Haele, you who answer yourself Poor thing. Haele, you who answer yourself Poor thing. Haele, you who answer yourself that he will not answer. that he will not answer. that he will not answer. That's not how he answers. That's not how he answers. That's not how he answers. But not here. We're going in the beta. But not here. We're going in the beta. But not here. We're going in the beta. See you in the beta. Bye. Going. See you in the beta. Bye. Going. See you in the beta. Bye. Going. Here is my chumí. Here is my chumí. Here is my chumí. Pobrec la mi chumí. Chubby mom, it's a Pobrec la mi chumí. Chubby mom, it's a Pobrec la mi chumí. Chubby mom, it's a just a little while. You won't even know. just a little while. You won't even know. just a little while. You won't even know. Let's make some ourselves. Let's make some ourselves. Let's make some ourselves. You won't even know. Mother. Well, You won't even know. Mother. Well, You won't even know. Mother. Well, We're going. Hi chubby. We've arrived We're going. Hi chubby. We've arrived We're going. Hi chubby. We've arrived to the vet. to the vet. to the vet. We are here. We'll find out yet that he We are here. We'll find out yet that he We are here. We'll find out yet that he we're going to do it. Poor. Now we're going to we're going to do it. Poor. Now we're going to we're going to do it. Poor. Now we're going to count. count. count. Bye, chubby. Bye, chubby. Bye, chubby. You can look here. You can look here. You can look here. See you in a bit, save me. Bye. See you in a bit, save me. Bye. See you in a bit, save me. Bye. That's where we left my chumí, guys. He put That's where we left my chumí, guys. He put That's where we left my chumí, guys. He put the anesthesia in front of our self. The the anesthesia in front of our self. The the anesthesia in front of our self. The twice I castrated Kenny first, twice I castrated Kenny first, twice I castrated Kenny first, then to Fideo. To Kenny de la then to Fideo. To Kenny de la then to Fideo. To Kenny de la Kenny's castration, I didn't handle it Kenny's castration, I didn't handle it Kenny's castration, I didn't handle it because it wasn't my cat at that time. because it wasn't my cat at that time. because it wasn't my cat at that time. Poor. When I left Fideo, I Poor. When I left Fideo, I Poor. When I left Fideo, I I brought, of course, a veterinarian. I brought, of course, a veterinarian. I brought, of course, a veterinarian. to a clinic. to a clinic. to a clinic. Of course, I took him to a clinic. So, Of course, I took him to a clinic. So, Of course, I took him to a clinic. So, This is a veterinary clinic. This is a veterinary clinic. This is a veterinary clinic. Clear. I handed Fideo over to the Clear. I handed Fideo over to the Clear. I handed Fideo over to the carrier and they said, "Okay, carrier and they said, "Okay, carrier and they said, "Okay, "You'll be here in an hour." Great. Excellent. "You'll be here in an hour." Great. Excellent. "You'll be here in an hour." Great. Excellent. We arrived at Michu and he said, We arrived at Michu and he said, We arrived at Michu and he said, "Grab it because the liquid from the "Grab it because the liquid from the "Grab it because the liquid from the The anesthetic usually burns a little. The anesthetic usually burns a little. The anesthetic usually burns a little. And cats tend to bite because And cats tend to bite because And cats tend to bite because They feel like pain, but don't put They feel like pain, but don't put They feel like pain, but don't put nothing in front because, well, around there nothing in front because, well, around there nothing in front because, well, around there They bite, it's like the liquid hurts them. They bite, it's like the liquid hurts them. They bite, it's like the liquid hurts them. Unfortunately, the anesthesia didn't work. Unfortunately, the anesthesia didn't work. Unfortunately, the anesthesia didn't work. They can put it [laughs] in another way." They can put it [laughs] in another way." They can put it [laughs] in another way." It's a question that the guy fits the It's a question that the guy fits the It's a question that the guy fits the injection, Michu didn't just scream, injection, Michu didn't just scream, injection, Michu didn't just scream, She jumped off the stretcher, uh, the ICU She jumped off the stretcher, uh, the ICU She jumped off the stretcher, uh, the ICU He caught her because he caught her in mid-air. He caught her because he caught her in mid-air. He caught her because he caught her in mid-air. because the stretcher almost fell over, I don't know. because the stretcher almost fell over, I don't know. because the stretcher almost fell over, I don't know. Did you notice that he almost went for the Did you notice that he almost went for the Did you notice that he almost went for the another side? We had it very much in the another side? We had it very much in the another side? We had it very much in the edge. That's where it was edge. That's where it was edge. That's where it was and to the second and to the second and to the second Yeah. No, it was more gradual. It was like Yeah. No, it was more gradual. It was like Yeah. No, it was more gradual. It was like No. It made a big impression on me. No. It made a big impression on me. No. It made a big impression on me. I had already experienced it with my cat who I had already experienced it with my cat who I had already experienced it with my cat who I had it before, which I also took to I had it before, which I also took to I had it before, which I also took to I've also been a neighborhood veterinarian, I've also been a neighborhood veterinarian, I've also been a neighborhood veterinarian, No? A clinic and it hadn't hit No? A clinic and it hadn't hit No? A clinic and it hadn't hit I screamed, but that's because it was just another cat. I screamed, but that's because it was just another cat. I screamed, but that's because it was just another cat. coward, this one isn't a coward, so how coward, this one isn't a coward, so how coward, this one isn't a coward, so how which it does not have, which it does not have, which it does not have, No? But the scream didn't give me that impression No? But the scream didn't give me that impression No? But the scream didn't give me that impression because it hurt her, poor thing. He didn't give me because it hurt her, poor thing. He didn't give me because it hurt her, poor thing. He didn't give me impression that's how it collapsed, kind of, impression that's how it collapsed, kind of, impression that's how it collapsed, kind of, I had never seen an anesthetized cat before, I had never seen an anesthetized cat before, I had never seen an anesthetized cat before, I had never seen anyone under anesthesia. I had never seen anyone under anesthesia. I had never seen anyone under anesthesia. Never in my life. It's like Never in my life. It's like Never in my life. It's like She was literally asleep, like, and the She was literally asleep, like, and the She was literally asleep, like, and the The guy grabbed her and said, "Do you think that The guy grabbed her and said, "Do you think that The guy grabbed her and said, "Do you think that "Shall we take advantage of this and cut her nails?" "Shall we take advantage of this and cut her nails?" "Shall we take advantage of this and cut her nails?" He grabbed it like a super-folding one. He grabbed it like a super-folding one. He grabbed it like a super-folding one. Clear. And it made a big impression on me. I don't know Clear. And it made a big impression on me. I don't know Clear. And it made a big impression on me. I don't know I did like seeing that picture. I wanted to I did like seeing that picture. I wanted to I did like seeing that picture. I wanted to to cry, that is, to cry, that is, to cry, that is, That image made me want to cry. That image made me want to cry. That image made me want to cry. [laughs] But well, it's okay, it's [laughs] But well, it's okay, it's [laughs] But well, it's okay, it's asleep, she's already in one. It's because for asleep, she's already in one. It's because for asleep, she's already in one. It's because for me, because it reminded you of being able to, as if me, because it reminded you of being able to, as if me, because it reminded you of being able to, as if Something was happening to him, but he was Something was happening to him, but he was Something was happening to him, but he was anesthetized, she was calm. That? anesthetized, she was calm. That? anesthetized, she was calm. That? She lost a ring. She lost a ring. She lost a ring. Which? [laughs] One of the ball. Which? [laughs] One of the ball. Which? [laughs] One of the ball. Yes, here's the ball. No, Yes, here's the ball. No, Yes, here's the ball. No, which? which? which? The one with the stone. The one with the stone. The one with the stone. This is the one with the stone, This is the one with the stone, This is the one with the stone, No? It was a brown wire stone. No? It was a brown wire stone. No? It was a brown wire stone. You didn't bring it. You didn't bring it. You didn't bring it. Yes, he brought it. P. Yes, he brought it. P. Yes, he brought it. P. Yes, I brought it. Don't argue with me. Yes, it did. Yes, I brought it. Don't argue with me. Yes, it did. Yes, I brought it. Don't argue with me. Yes, it did. suit. Well, and we came while suit. Well, and we came while suit. Well, and we came while a coffee. They said half an hour, 40 a coffee. They said half an hour, 40 a coffee. They said half an hour, 40 It had been minutes, so we came to a It had been minutes, so we came to a It had been minutes, so we came to a coffee that was around the corner and Lauti coffee that was around the corner and Lauti coffee that was around the corner and Lauti He ordered a flat white and a cookie and a He ordered a flat white and a cookie and a He ordered a flat white and a cookie and a juice. That he had asked me for juice juice. That he had asked me for juice juice. That he had asked me for juice orange, but I was just told no orange, but I was just told no orange, but I was just told no there is. So I ordered a weird juice. A there is. So I ordered a weird juice. A there is. So I ordered a weird juice. A passion fruit, strawberry and juice passion fruit, strawberry and juice passion fruit, strawberry and juice different things. We'll wait. Well, different things. We'll wait. Well, different things. We'll wait. Well, There it is. We have the cquie. I want the There it is. We have the cquie. I want the There it is. We have the cquie. I want the cookie. The cookie is a cookie of cookie. The cookie is a cookie of cookie. The cookie is a cookie of pistachio filled with white chocolate. pistachio filled with white chocolate. pistachio filled with white chocolate. I love all the little dishes, things that I love all the little dishes, things that I love all the little dishes, things that This place has it. This place has it. This place has it. That? Yes, bad. High, fine china, type, That? Yes, bad. High, fine china, type, That? Yes, bad. High, fine china, type, I love her. The armchairs. Look at that blue. I love her. The armchairs. Look at that blue. I love her. The armchairs. Look at that blue. But look. Let's see. But look. Let's see. But look. Let's see. I messed up. There's the chocolate. I messed up. There's the chocolate. I messed up. There's the chocolate. Here it is. It's delicious. Here it is. It's delicious. Here it is. It's delicious. Mm. It's delicious. It's not the best that Mm. It's delicious. It's not the best that Mm. It's delicious. It's not the best that Try it, but Try it, but Try it, but No. I liked it. It's delicious. I No. I liked it. It's delicious. I No. I liked it. It's delicious. I flake. And this game that has passion fruit, flake. And this game that has passion fruit, flake. And this game that has passion fruit, strawberry, orange and mint. strawberry, orange and mint. strawberry, orange and mint. I regret that. I regret that. I regret that. I'm serious, I'm being honest, I'm quite I'm serious, I'm being honest, I'm quite I'm serious, I'm being honest, I'm quite [ __ ] with the games. There's no orange. [ __ ] with the games. There's no orange. [ __ ] with the games. There's no orange. to try it out and see what's up. In short, everything to try it out and see what's up. In short, everything to try it out and see what's up. In short, everything mint has less of it. I like it, mint has less of it. I like it, mint has less of it. I like it, [music] but the mint in a juice like that [music] but the mint in a juice like that [music] but the mint in a juice like that It must be like giving it a little more It must be like giving it a little more It must be like giving it a little more scent. It has ricoor. scent. It has ricoor. scent. It has ricoor. Uh, it smells like Uh, it smells like Uh, it smells like Yes, it's delicious. It has more than anything Yes, it's delicious. It has more than anything Yes, it's delicious. It has more than anything passion fruit. Maracuchá is very predominant, passion fruit. Maracuchá is very predominant, passion fruit. Maracuchá is very predominant, But I felt the orange. Which one makes me But I felt the orange. Which one makes me But I felt the orange. Which one makes me agree? The one with citrus. Did you try it? agree? The one with citrus. Did you try it? agree? The one with citrus. Did you try it? Well, there is a citrus fruit, but it's not the one. Well, there is a citrus fruit, but it's not the one. Well, there is a citrus fruit, but it's not the one. orange. It's a pill and orange. Is orange. It's a pill and orange. Is orange. It's a pill and orange. Is similar to this. similar to this. similar to this. He didn't pee. He didn't pee. He didn't pee. Well, we got to the house, it was great. Well, we got to the house, it was great. Well, we got to the house, it was great. We already went to look for my chumí, she's here We already went to look for my chumí, she's here We already went to look for my chumí, she's here castrated. I'm not going to bother her much castrated. I'm not going to bother her much castrated. I'm not going to bother her much Because the poor thing is still suffering the effects. Because the poor thing is still suffering the effects. Because the poor thing is still suffering the effects. of the anesthesia. Yes, no, no, I'm not going to of the anesthesia. Yes, no, no, I'm not going to of the anesthesia. Yes, no, no, I'm not going to Showing the wound a lot, but the wound Showing the wound a lot, but the wound Showing the wound a lot, but the wound She has it there. It doesn't matter, it's points. She has it there. It doesn't matter, it's points. She has it there. It doesn't matter, it's points. Hi, chubby, my life doesn't understand anything Hi, chubby, my life doesn't understand anything Hi, chubby, my life doesn't understand anything further. How are you, fatty? Poor thing. further. How are you, fatty? Poor thing. further. How are you, fatty? Poor thing. Seeing them like this makes me sad. I know it's because Seeing them like this makes me sad. I know it's because Seeing them like this makes me sad. I know it's because his good and that this is okay and it is a his good and that this is okay and it is a his good and that this is okay and it is a process that needs to be done. In fact, there are process that needs to be done. In fact, there are process that needs to be done. In fact, there are There are many shelters that only There are many shelters that only There are many shelters that only They accept the adoption of the cat if type They accept the adoption of the cat if type They accept the adoption of the cat if type You promise that you are going to castrate them. You promise that you are going to castrate them. You promise that you are going to castrate them. In fear you had to sign something like a one In fear you had to sign something like a one In fear you had to sign something like a one The entire questionnaire and one of the The entire questionnaire and one of the The entire questionnaire and one of the The question was whether you were going to castrate him, and it was The question was whether you were going to castrate him, and it was The question was whether you were going to castrate him, and it was like the non-negotiable ones because there are like the non-negotiable ones because there are like the non-negotiable ones because there are There are many cats in the world, and if you want one There are many cats in the world, and if you want one There are many cats in the world, and if you want one cat, your cat doesn't need to have cat, your cat doesn't need to have cat, your cat doesn't need to have kittens, go and adopt another cat because kittens, go and adopt another cat because kittens, go and adopt another cat because There are already too many cats in the world. So There are already too many cats in the world. So There are already too many cats in the world. So that it's okay to neuter animals, my that it's okay to neuter animals, my that it's okay to neuter animals, my perspective. Besides, if you're not going to perspective. Besides, if you're not going to perspective. Besides, if you're not going to If she crosses with any cat, the female cat suffers. If she crosses with any cat, the female cat suffers. If she crosses with any cat, the female cat suffers. Well, I had never drunk the zeal of the Well, I had never drunk the zeal of the Well, I had never drunk the zeal of the cat until she met him and has Misu cat until she met him and has Misu cat until she met him and has Misu And you can tell that the cat, when she's in And you can tell that the cat, when she's in And you can tell that the cat, when she's in She's in heat because she wants a male. She's in heat because she wants a male. She's in heat because she wants a male. which it does not have. So it's kind of like it which it does not have. So it's kind of like it which it does not have. So it's kind of like it desperate all the time. Oh well, desperate all the time. Oh well, desperate all the time. Oh well, Nothing, we brought her here and it's 6 o'clock. Me Nothing, we brought her here and it's 6 o'clock. Me Nothing, we brought her here and it's 6 o'clock. Me 6:30 I have therapy, so I'm going to have 6:30 I have therapy, so I'm going to have 6:30 I have therapy, so I'm going to have virtual therapy because, as I told you in virtual therapy because, as I told you in virtual therapy because, as I told you in In the previous blog, I am a girl In the previous blog, I am a girl In the previous blog, I am a girl that solves their mental problems or that solves their mental problems or that solves their mental problems or At least he tries. So, that's it. At least he tries. So, that's it. At least he tries. So, that's it. I'm going to have therapy here. The use is going I'm going to have therapy here. The use is going I'm going to have therapy here. The use is going to put on headphones so I don't hear myself to put on headphones so I don't hear myself to put on headphones so I don't hear myself because I'm going to see a psychologist, kind of, no, yes because I'm going to see a psychologist, kind of, no, yes because I'm going to see a psychologist, kind of, no, yes because I don't know what. And she's going to put on my because I don't know what. And she's going to put on my because I don't know what. And she's going to put on my headphones that have noise cancellation headphones that have noise cancellation headphones that have noise cancellation sound, so he doesn't hear anything. And while sound, so he doesn't hear anything. And while sound, so he doesn't hear anything. And while We're going to stay here and keep an eye on things. We're going to stay here and keep an eye on things. We're going to stay here and keep an eye on things. Michu. And here they promised me that they would... Michu. And here they promised me that they would... Michu. And here they promised me that they would... Let's cook. Let's cook. Let's cook. No, I didn't promise. I'm going to do it. As No, I didn't promise. I'm going to do it. As No, I didn't promise. I'm going to do it. As yesterday. yesterday. yesterday. Yes, I cooked for myself yesterday too. Yes, I cooked for myself yesterday too. Yes, I cooked for myself yesterday too. I cooked myself. Let's eat again, more or I cooked myself. Let's eat again, more or I cooked myself. Let's eat again, more or less the same. We already ate less the same. We already ate less the same. We already ate eat little meat with mashed potatoes, eat little meat with mashed potatoes, eat little meat with mashed potatoes, pumpkin, sweet potato puree, squash and pumpkin, sweet potato puree, squash and pumpkin, sweet potato puree, squash and potato, which is my favorite puree. potato, which is my favorite puree. potato, which is my favorite puree. Tricolor puree. And today we're going to eat Tricolor puree. And today we're going to eat Tricolor puree. And today we're going to eat meat with noodles. meat with noodles. meat with noodles. Meat with noodles. It's a strange combination. I Meat with noodles. It's a strange combination. I Meat with noodles. It's a strange combination. I I never ate meat. I mean, yes, I put it on. I never ate meat. I mean, yes, I put it on. I never ate meat. I mean, yes, I put it on. Something like fried rice, but not meat with Something like fried rice, but not meat with Something like fried rice, but not meat with noodles. Dude, let's eat a piece of noodles. Dude, let's eat a piece of noodles. Dude, let's eat a piece of meat, a steak, and noodles on the side. I them meat, a steak, and noodles on the side. I them meat, a steak, and noodles on the side. I them They wanted it with cream. I don't just want to They wanted it with cream. I don't just want to They wanted it with cream. I don't just want to butter and cheese. butter and cheese. butter and cheese. But I'm going to make [music] for her But I'm going to make [music] for her But I'm going to make [music] for her with cream, to pamper her. Well, with cream, to pamper her. Well, with cream, to pamper her. Well, And I'm going to make myself with butter And I'm going to make myself with butter And I'm going to make myself with butter and cheese. and cheese. and cheese. We don't have any cheese this time. I uh We don't have any cheese this time. I uh We don't have any cheese this time. I uh I have at home the one that's already been added. I have at home the one that's already been added. I have at home the one that's already been added. rolled. rolled. rolled. Rolled cheese. Rolled cheese. Rolled cheese. Clear. Maybe people thought I was going Clear. Maybe people thought I was going Clear. Maybe people thought I was going to be. to be. to be. Alright. Rolled cheese. Alright. Rolled cheese. Alright. Rolled cheese. Yes. I don't know why I should explain. I wanted experience. Yes. I don't know why I should explain. I wanted experience. Yes. I don't know why I should explain. I wanted experience. But oh well, nothing. That's Monday. But oh well, nothing. That's Monday. But oh well, nothing. That's Monday. fairly simple. Today we had a lot fairly simple. Today we had a lot fairly simple. Today we had a lot chaos in the morning. I chaos in the morning. I chaos in the morning. I I don't think it's simple. Look how he is I don't think it's simple. Look how he is I don't think it's simple. Look how he is cat lying on the floor that just cat lying on the floor that just cat lying on the floor that just castrated. castrated. castrated. No, it doesn't show because you can see it No, it doesn't show because you can see it No, it doesn't show because you can see it wound. wound. wound. No, no, but not so much. No, no, but not so much. No, no, but not so much. Poor thing. But they told us that the Poor thing. But they told us that the Poor thing. But they told us that the We have to leave her there without disturbing her and We have to leave her there without disturbing her and We have to leave her there without disturbing her and when she starts to loosen up, when she starts to loosen up, when she starts to loosen up, How to name it, we don't have to give it How to name it, we don't have to give it How to name it, we don't have to give it eat unless he asks us to a lot and eat unless he asks us to a lot and eat unless he asks us to a lot and give it a little bit. It's like letting her give it a little bit. It's like letting her give it a little bit. It's like letting her Let her have her time. Every cat has its own Let her have her time. Every cat has its own Let her have her time. Every cat has its own your time. I remember when I castrated your time. I remember when I castrated your time. I remember when I castrated Video, guys, he came back to my house and was Video, guys, he came back to my house and was Video, guys, he came back to my house and was more hyperactive than when I left him in the more hyperactive than when I left him in the more hyperactive than when I left him in the vet. I don't think they castrated him. No vet. I don't think they castrated him. No vet. I don't think they castrated him. No I know what they did to him. They put the I know what they did to him. They put the I know what they did to him. They put the eggs inside. I don't know why my cat eggs inside. I don't know why my cat eggs inside. I don't know why my cat He came back even more hyperactive than before. He came back even more hyperactive than before. He came back even more hyperactive than before. I took it. But anyway, this was on Monday. I took it. But anyway, this was on Monday. I took it. But anyway, this was on Monday. Well, here comes the thing about the Well, here comes the thing about the Well, here comes the thing about the cooking, but here we have the meat dinner cooking, but here we have the meat dinner cooking, but here we have the meat dinner with a good bowl of foie gras with cream and with a good bowl of foie gras with cream and with a good bowl of foie gras with cream and Misu is here. [music] He's better now, Misu is here. [music] He's better now, Misu is here. [music] He's better now, But she's a little scared. She too But she's a little scared. She too But she's a little scared. She too She's skittish, she's a skittish cat. She's skittish, she's a skittish cat. She's skittish, she's a skittish cat. So, as if I were feeling wrong, So, as if I were feeling wrong, So, as if I were feeling wrong, She's even more easily frightened. Oh well, She's even more easily frightened. Oh well, She's even more easily frightened. Oh well, We're keeping an eye on her there, she stayed behind We're keeping an eye on her there, she stayed behind We're keeping an eye on her there, she stayed behind under the armchair and under the bed under the armchair and under the bed under the armchair and under the bed when we were in the room. Well when we were in the room. Well when we were in the room. Well Nothing, it was a chaotic day, we got up Nothing, it was a chaotic day, we got up Nothing, it was a chaotic day, we got up It's very early, we're very tired, we It's very early, we're very tired, we It's very early, we're very tired, we We want to go to sleep, [laughs] that's what We want to go to sleep, [laughs] that's what We want to go to sleep, [laughs] that's what that's all we want. I am Unchar that's all we want. I am Unchar that's all we want. I am Unchar waiting to eat. I don't know if they waiting to eat. I don't know if they waiting to eat. I don't know if they I told you, but we were watching I told you, but we were watching I told you, but we were watching Lobis Blind, Argentina, and it ended. And how Lobis Blind, Argentina, and it ended. And how Lobis Blind, Argentina, and it ended. And how We didn't want to see the blind from another country, We didn't want to see the blind from another country, We didn't want to see the blind from another country, We started watching Ultimatum, which is from We started watching Ultimatum, which is from We started watching Ultimatum, which is from USA. No, I didn't mention it in USA. No, I didn't mention it in USA. No, I didn't mention it in stories, I think. He's going to say, yes, stories, I think. He's going to say, yes, stories, I think. He's going to say, yes, Ultimatum, which is a couples reality show Ultimatum, which is a couples reality show Ultimatum, which is a couples reality show that one of the two people gives the that one of the two people gives the that one of the two people gives the ultimatum to the other person that ultimatum to the other person that ultimatum to the other person that She wants to get married, and it's either we get married or we... She wants to get married, and it's either we get married or we... She wants to get married, and it's either we get married or we... we separated. Then all those go. we separated. Then all those go. we separated. Then all those go. Couples who gave each other an ultimatum, Couples who gave each other an ultimatum, Couples who gave each other an ultimatum, They come together and exchange each other. Yes, I mean, They come together and exchange each other. Yes, I mean, They come together and exchange each other. Yes, I mean, They choose, they choose. One couple chooses another They choose, they choose. One couple chooses another They choose, they choose. One couple chooses another couple of another to live together three couple of another to live together three couple of another to live together three Weeks is crazy, man, nothing Weeks is crazy, man, nothing Weeks is crazy, man, nothing That makes sense. He's very cynical, man. That makes sense. He's very cynical, man. That makes sense. He's very cynical, man. You're looking at your partner of 4 years You're looking at your partner of 4 years You're looking at your partner of 4 years living with another person for three living with another person for three living with another person for three weeks and you living with someone else, no, no, weeks and you living with someone else, no, no, weeks and you living with someone else, no, no, It's delusional. But nothing, the It's delusional. But nothing, the It's delusional. But nothing, the we recommend. If you like reality shows we recommend. If you like reality shows we recommend. If you like reality shows Thus, with the ICU we realized that no Thus, with the ICU we realized that no Thus, with the ICU we realized that no We both enjoy watching series together, We both enjoy watching series together, We both enjoy watching series together, but more reality TV, because it's more like but more reality TV, because it's more like but more reality TV, because it's more like brings up more topics of conversation and brings up more topics of conversation and brings up more topics of conversation and You can hang up. uh, let's go for the You can hang up. uh, let's go for the You can hang up. uh, let's go for the season 2, episode 1, minute 31, which season 2, episode 1, minute 31, which season 2, episode 1, minute 31, which missing. 31, 48, almost 32, but oh well. missing. 31, 48, almost 32, but oh well. missing. 31, 48, almost 32, but oh well. So we're going to have dinner while watching Ultimatum. So we're going to have dinner while watching Ultimatum. So we're going to have dinner while watching Ultimatum. I want to try these noodles that I want to try these noodles that I want to try these noodles that They look very good. They look very good. They look very good. Cheese with noodles. Cheese with noodles. Cheese with noodles. Yes, literally [laughs] I put I put too much cheese on. They're noodles. I put too much cheese on. They're noodles. I put too much cheese on. They're noodles. bow ties and for me bow tie noodles are bow ties and for me bow tie noodles are bow ties and for me bow tie noodles are Eat it with lots and lots of cheese. Dude, dude Eat it with lots and lots of cheese. Dude, dude Eat it with lots and lots of cheese. Dude, dude All noodles in general are eaten with All noodles in general are eaten with All noodles in general are eaten with Lots of cheese, but the bow tie noodles Lots of cheese, but the bow tie noodles Lots of cheese, but the bow tie noodles further. I don't know why, it's like there are more of them further. I don't know why, it's like there are more of them further. I don't know why, it's like there are more of them rich with lots of cheese. The meat turned out rich with lots of cheese. The meat turned out rich with lots of cheese. The meat turned out Spectacular, huh? Fair. M. M. M. Pretty. So, that's it for our Monday Pretty. So, that's it for our Monday Pretty. So, that's it for our Monday It will end like this, which might not be because I... It will end like this, which might not be because I... It will end like this, which might not be because I... I'm going back home because yesterday already I'm going back home because yesterday already I'm going back home because yesterday already I slept at La's house and I didn't like it I slept at La's house and I didn't like it I slept at La's house and I didn't like it sleep two nights in a row at the house sleep two nights in a row at the house sleep two nights in a row at the house of the car because I don't like leaving my of the car because I don't like leaving my of the car because I don't like leaving my cats followed. Two nights in a row cats followed. Two nights in a row cats followed. Two nights in a row to your house. to your house. to your house. Obviously mine is like this. So today Obviously mine is like this. So today Obviously mine is like this. So today We will sleep separately. My sweetheart, We will sleep separately. My sweetheart, We will sleep separately. My sweetheart, We can make a call or something. We can make a call or something. We can make a call or something. But anyway, after eating at a But anyway, after eating at a But anyway, after eating at a I'm going home in a little while and tomorrow we'll I'm going home in a little while and tomorrow we'll I'm going home in a little while and tomorrow we'll we see. we see. we see. Tomorrow we're going to the gym early. Tomorrow we're going to the gym early. Tomorrow we're going to the gym early. Besides, so Besides, so Besides, so Yeah. [laughs] Yeah. [laughs] Yeah. [laughs] Well, I've finally arrived home, I'm Well, I've finally arrived home, I'm Well, I've finally arrived home, I'm Here with the biggest fatties. Here it is Here with the biggest fatties. Here it is Here with the biggest fatties. Here it is Kenny, it's hurting me because I have Kenny, it's hurting me because I have Kenny, it's hurting me because I have everything smells like Michu. There's Fideo, he everything smells like Michu. There's Fideo, he everything smells like Michu. There's Fideo, he He sees his tail on the desk [laughs]. He sees his tail on the desk [laughs]. He sees his tail on the desk [laughs]. Fide, hello. So anyway, we're off to Fide, hello. So anyway, we're off to Fide, hello. So anyway, we're off to sleep and the day is over sleep and the day is over sleep and the day is over excellent way. Time for bed. excellent way. Time for bed. excellent way. Time for bed. Hi how are things? Good day. I'll throw you away Hi how are things? Good day. I'll throw you away Hi how are things? Good day. I'll throw you away Well, I just got back from the tour. As Well, I just got back from the tour. As Well, I just got back from the tour. As are? are? are? Doesn't it happen to you that you wake up with Doesn't it happen to you that you wake up with Doesn't it happen to you that you wake up with High energy? Because not me, but today High energy? Because not me, but today High energy? Because not me, but today It happened to me, I mean, it's 8:30 in the It happened to me, I mean, it's 8:30 in the It happened to me, I mean, it's 8:30 in the tomorrow. tomorrow. tomorrow. I don't know why. It's like I'm, I don't know why. It's like I'm, I don't know why. It's like I'm, Okay, stack, stack, boom, boom, boom. Well Okay, stack, stack, boom, boom, boom. Well Okay, stack, stack, boom, boom, boom. Well Well, I woke up. Today is going to Well, I woke up. Today is going to Well, I woke up. Today is going to I don't really know what the day will be like. I don't really know what the day will be like. I don't really know what the day will be like. today. What I have to do is today. What I have to do is today. What I have to do is I'm getting ready early to go to I'm getting ready early to go to I'm getting ready early to go to gym, which, as I told you, I go to gym, which, as I told you, I go to gym, which, as I told you, I go to gym with the ICU now, but the gym with the ICU now, but the gym with the ICU now, but the The gym would be at my house, not theirs. The gym would be at my house, not theirs. The gym would be at my house, not theirs. home, because the truth is that we home, because the truth is that we home, because the truth is that we [clears throat] It would be more comfortable to go to a [clears throat] It would be more comfortable to go to a [clears throat] It would be more comfortable to go to a gym closer to my house than to yours gym closer to my house than to yours gym closer to my house than to yours home, because of how we usually see each other. Today I home, because of how we usually see each other. Today I home, because of how we usually see each other. Today I I absolutely had to go early, like at I absolutely had to go early, like at I absolutely had to go early, like at 9:10, it couldn't go any later 9:10, it couldn't go any later 9:10, it couldn't go any later because afterwards I have things to do and because afterwards I have things to do and because afterwards I have things to do and She left me a message around 2 pm She left me a message around 2 pm She left me a message around 2 pm tomorrow, he stayed working until tomorrow, he stayed working until tomorrow, he stayed working until It's late because he works, he works at It's late because he works, he works at It's late because he works, he works at a publishing agency and he was the type he a publishing agency and he was the type he a publishing agency and he was the type he He manages his hours and how he went yesterday to He manages his hours and how he went yesterday to He manages his hours and how he went yesterday to It's late, we're at Michu and we're staying It's late, we're at Michu and we're staying It's late, we're at Michu and we're staying watching her as if she couldn't work watching her as if she couldn't work watching her as if she couldn't work much in the afternoon, then it was necessary much in the afternoon, then it was necessary much in the afternoon, then it was necessary staying late for work. Then I staying late for work. Then I staying late for work. Then I He sent a message at 2 a.m. He sent a message at 2 a.m. He sent a message at 2 a.m. saying to me, "Hey, José, look, I know that saying to me, "Hey, José, look, I know that saying to me, "Hey, José, look, I know that We said 10 at the gym, I don't think so We said 10 at the gym, I don't think so We said 10 at the gym, I don't think so Don't expect me to get up, so don't wait for me to do anything. Don't expect me to get up, so don't wait for me to do anything. Don't expect me to get up, so don't wait for me to do anything. message." Me, being nice, no problem, message." Me, being nice, no problem, message." Me, being nice, no problem, don't worry. So probably today don't worry. So probably today don't worry. So probably today train alone. This is the possibility of train alone. This is the possibility of train alone. This is the possibility of that he still wakes up. I know him, that he still wakes up. I know him, that he still wakes up. I know him, He's not going to wake up. And if it wakes me up He's not going to wake up. And if it wakes me up He's not going to wake up. And if it wakes me up It's a real kick in the teeth, but like no one ever has. It's a real kick in the teeth, but like no one ever has. It's a real kick in the teeth, but like no one ever has. He shut me up in my life, but I'm He shut me up in my life, but I'm He shut me up in my life, but I'm I'm sure he's not going to wake up. So I'm sure he's not going to wake up. So I'm sure he's not going to wake up. So I'm going to the gym in the morning. I'm going to the gym in the morning. I'm going to the gym in the morning. a flap, so the issue appears a flap, so the issue appears a flap, so the issue appears And from there I have to help Sofi with a And from there I have to help Sofi with a And from there I have to help Sofi with a video of a bazaar that wants to make video of a bazaar that wants to make video of a bazaar that wants to make She asked me if I could record it with her and I She asked me if I could record it with her and I She asked me if I could record it with her and I I say, "Okay." So more or less to I say, "Okay." So more or less to I say, "Okay." So more or less to We're going to this bazaar at noon. We're going to this bazaar at noon. We're going to this bazaar at noon. I'm not going to record that for you because I'm not going to record that for you because I'm not going to record that for you because You'll see it later in the video. You'll see it later in the video. You'll see it later in the video. Sofi's theme that it's going to be. And to the Sofi's theme that it's going to be. And to the Sofi's theme that it's going to be. And to the I want to get things set up late, look, the guys from I want to get things set up late, look, the guys from I want to get things set up late, look, the guys from [music] BPEX, I don't know how to say the [music] BPEX, I don't know how to say the [music] BPEX, I don't know how to say the brand, but I'll leave them written down here, me brand, but I'll leave them written down here, me brand, but I'll leave them written down here, me They sent, this is it, it says Bipu, Bip They sent, this is it, it says Bipu, Bip They sent, this is it, it says Bipu, Bip Pau, Bip Pau. They sent me this Pau, Bip Pau. They sent me this Pau, Bip Pau. They sent me this I had also sent it to Sofi, no I had also sent it to Sofi, no I had also sent it to Sofi, no I don't know if you saw the smart sandbox, I don't know if you saw the smart sandbox, I don't know if you saw the smart sandbox, Did you see? that detects when the cat is Did you see? that detects when the cat is Did you see? that detects when the cat is inside and that you have to put the inside and that you have to put the inside and that you have to put the clumping stones for absorption clumping stones for absorption clumping stones for absorption the pee and the poop and turn around and stay the pee and the poop and turn around and stay the pee and the poop and turn around and stay Put everything down in a bag and make it more Put everything down in a bag and make it more Put everything down in a bag and make it more easy for them always easy for them always easy for them always constantly have the pebbles constantly have the pebbles constantly have the pebbles clean. Well, and I was keen to put it together. clean. Well, and I was keen to put it together. clean. Well, and I was keen to put it together. So, today, my afternoon was going to be... So, today, my afternoon was going to be... So, today, my afternoon was going to be... That's it, but well, I don't know how much I'm going to That's it, but well, I don't know how much I'm going to That's it, but well, I don't know how much I'm going to It takes me a while to record it from Sofi because I think It takes me a while to record it from Sofi because I think It takes me a while to record it from Sofi because I think which is not just about the bazaar which is not just about the bazaar which is not just about the bazaar What needs to be recorded today is like... What needs to be recorded today is like... What needs to be recorded today is like... You have to record the entire video, and not You have to record the entire video, and not You have to record the entire video, and not I know, that's where the issue is going to drag on. I know, that's where the issue is going to drag on. I know, that's where the issue is going to drag on. But anyway, here we have Fide who is But anyway, here we have Fide who is But anyway, here we have Fide who is chumeando. Fide is smoking that chumeando. Fide is smoking that chumeando. Fide is smoking that new sandbox that he's going to have. And here it is new sandbox that he's going to have. And here it is new sandbox that he's going to have. And here it is Kenny. Hello. Hello. Kenny. Hello. Hello. Kenny. Hello. Hello. Good day. Ah, it just so happens that I didn't do his Good day. Ah, it just so happens that I didn't do his Good day. Ah, it just so happens that I didn't do his morning stretching and when you don't morning stretching and when you don't morning stretching and when you don't I do his morning stretch, he... I do his morning stretch, he... I do his morning stretch, he... He wakes up in a bad mood and I don't like it. He wakes up in a bad mood and I don't like it. He wakes up in a bad mood and I don't like it. Stop asking until I do it for you. Happens Stop asking until I do it for you. Happens Stop asking until I do it for you. Happens I woke up full of energy and started to I woke up full of energy and started to I woke up full of energy and started to engrave. I saw the morning stretch. engrave. I saw the morning stretch. engrave. I saw the morning stretch. Go for it, daddy. Oh, yes. Wow, look how it stretched! Go for it, daddy. Oh, yes. Wow, look how it stretched! Go for it, daddy. Oh, yes. Wow, look how it stretched! that kitten. Oh well, Kenny needs that kitten. Oh well, Kenny needs that kitten. Oh well, Kenny needs It's a whole process in the morning. Come, It's a whole process in the morning. Come, It's a whole process in the morning. Come, He complains to me because I didn't do it sooner. I He complains to me because I didn't do it sooner. I He complains to me because I didn't do it sooner. I As soon as I get up, I have to stretch As soon as I get up, I have to stretch As soon as I get up, I have to stretch Kenny, give him some cuddles and Fideo Kenny, give him some cuddles and Fideo Kenny, give him some cuddles and Fideo Now he likes being hit on the ass. Now he likes being hit on the ass. Now he likes being hit on the ass. [laughter] And not only [snort] him [laughter] And not only [snort] him [laughter] And not only [snort] him He likes having his ass slapped, he does a He likes having his ass slapped, he does a He likes having his ass slapped, he does a little noise so that's enough. No, it was a long time ago. little noise so that's enough. No, it was a long time ago. little noise so that's enough. No, it was a long time ago. You didn't do that to yourself. It makes a little noise You didn't do that to yourself. It makes a little noise You didn't do that to yourself. It makes a little noise so that you can continue. See if they do it. so that you can continue. See if they do it. so that you can continue. See if they do it. Come here, fatty, stop. Come here, fatty, stop. Come here, fatty, stop. No, you're making the noise. It makes a little noise No, you're making the noise. It makes a little noise No, you're making the noise. It makes a little noise What are you doing, little dove, we tell you with What are you doing, little dove, we tell you with What are you doing, little dove, we tell you with the uti. the uti. the uti. There it is. Come and find my hand and purr There it is. Come and find my hand and purr There it is. Come and find my hand and purr so you can do it again. Wow, I love them. I love my cats. But Wow, I love them. I love my cats. But Wow, I love them. I love my cats. But Okay, I'm going to get ready for the gym. Okay, I'm going to get ready for the gym. Okay, I'm going to get ready for the gym. Um, oh, the other day I went to the hairdresser Um, oh, the other day I went to the hairdresser Um, oh, the other day I went to the hairdresser Sofi and I went to the... Sofi and I went to the... Sofi and I went to the... Girls, his name is Loky Roga. The Girls, his name is Loky Roga. The Girls, his name is Loky Roga. The I recommend if they continue to do a straightening treatment I recommend if they continue to do a straightening treatment I recommend if they continue to do a straightening treatment or if they continued to do such a diet or if they continued to do such a diet or if they continued to do such a diet very powerful, because it used to happen to me that very powerful, because it used to happen to me that very powerful, because it used to happen to me that When I went to get nutrition consultations, I When I went to get nutrition consultations, I When I went to get nutrition consultations, I They were doing a cream bath and I didn't want to They were doing a cream bath and I didn't want to They were doing a cream bath and I didn't want to a cream bath, I want one a cream bath, I want one a cream bath, I want one Nutrition that nourishes me, that I can feel. Nutrition that nourishes me, that I can feel. Nutrition that nourishes me, that I can feel. very straight. And we went with the girls from very straight. And we went with the girls from very straight. And we went with the girls from Lckyiroyga and I got a nutrition plan Lckyiroyga and I got a nutrition plan Lckyiroyga and I got a nutrition plan Because what I'm telling you is, look, I Because what I'm telling you is, look, I Because what I'm telling you is, look, I I have some natural sditas that I I have some natural sditas that I I have some natural sditas that I They like it in the hair, but they don't quite become They like it in the hair, but they don't quite become They like it in the hair, but they don't quite become It's curly, not quite straight hair, it's like It's curly, not quite straight hair, it's like It's curly, not quite straight hair, it's like It's weird, but it happens to me that I have It's weird, but it happens to me that I have It's weird, but it happens to me that I have Also a lot of freezing, so I need Also a lot of freezing, so I need Also a lot of freezing, so I need something that will keep me from feeling that way. something that will keep me from feeling that way. something that will keep me from feeling that way. wavy, but I need to get the free one. and me wavy, but I need to get the free one. and me wavy, but I need to get the free one. and me They said, "Well, look, we're going to make you They said, "Well, look, we're going to make you They said, "Well, look, we're going to make you This nutrition, which was biomolecular, This nutrition, which was biomolecular, This nutrition, which was biomolecular, I think that's what it was called, the one they made for me. I think that's what it was called, the one they made for me. I think that's what it was called, the one they made for me. I'm just throwing out some fruit, but I'm I'm just throwing out some fruit, but I'm I'm just throwing out some fruit, but I'm I'm almost certain that's what it was called, so I have I'm almost certain that's what it was called, so I have I'm almost certain that's what it was called, so I have My hair, guys, is soft, very My hair, guys, is soft, very My hair, guys, is soft, very soft and my theory is that they put a soft and my theory is that they put a soft and my theory is that they put a little alizado to the question because it little alizado to the question because it little alizado to the question because it "I have straighter hair." See? That's how I am "I have straighter hair." See? That's how I am "I have straighter hair." See? That's how I am I woke up, I washed it yesterday without drying it, I woke up, I washed it yesterday without drying it, I woke up, I washed it yesterday without drying it, I woke up like the straight one. But I woke up like the straight one. But I woke up like the straight one. But Well, I think my theory is that with Well, I think my theory is that with Well, I think my theory is that with The washes are going to start happening again. The washes are going to start happening again. The washes are going to start happening again. notice the natural swellings when I notice the natural swellings when I notice the natural swellings when I The product will go, but without the The product will go, but without the The product will go, but without the freeze, as it is now, I went to the freeze, as it is now, I went to the freeze, as it is now, I went to the Hair salon 3 days ago, do you understand? Hair salon 3 days ago, do you understand? Hair salon 3 days ago, do you understand? Now, since it's very freshly made, like Now, since it's very freshly made, like Now, since it's very freshly made, like Yes, my hair is kind of straight, but Yes, my hair is kind of straight, but Yes, my hair is kind of straight, but Guys, I've never had hair this soft. Guys, I've never had hair this soft. Guys, I've never had hair this soft. I mean, I would love for you to be able to I mean, I would love for you to be able to I mean, I would love for you to be able to Touch it because it doesn't look as good as it should. Touch it because it doesn't look as good as it should. Touch it because it doesn't look as good as it should. that feels. It feels very soft. that feels. It feels very soft. that feels. It feels very soft. I've never touched such soft hair on my I've never touched such soft hair on my I've never touched such soft hair on my life. In other words, that says it all. life. In other words, that says it all. life. In other words, that says it all. Never in my life have I seen such soft hair Never in my life have I seen such soft hair Never in my life have I seen such soft hair my life and it's my hair. I'm the girl who doesn't my life and it's my hair. I'm the girl who doesn't my life and it's my hair. I'm the girl who doesn't I couldn't stop bleaching, I I couldn't stop bleaching, I I couldn't stop bleaching, I I have soft hair. But anyway, let's go I have soft hair. But anyway, let's go I have soft hair. But anyway, let's go to do our hair because, as I went to to do our hair because, as I went to to do our hair because, as I went to I'm taking advantage of the hair salon and not I'm taking advantage of the hair salon and not I'm taking advantage of the hair salon and not I'm using gel, so I don't want to use I'm using gel, so I don't want to use I'm using gel, so I don't want to use gel. So, these gummy bears are over there gel. So, these gummy bears are over there gel. So, these gummy bears are over there They're also bad because they rip you off. They're also bad because they rip you off. They're also bad because they rip you off. My hair is a little messed up, but I'm not using gel and My hair is a little messed up, but I'm not using gel and My hair is a little messed up, but I'm not using gel and I'm very proud that lately I'm very proud that lately I'm very proud that lately I'm not using gel, but oh well, I have I'm not using gel, but oh well, I have I'm not using gel, but oh well, I have This fringe that I [laughs] did in the This fringe that I [laughs] did in the This fringe that I [laughs] did in the video of the date with Lautaro, so video of the date with Lautaro, so video of the date with Lautaro, so We have to get it out somehow. And my We have to get it out somehow. And my We have to get it out somehow. And my The way I found to get it out is The way I found to get it out is The way I found to get it out is hair ties and a little hairstyle with hair ties and that's it. AND hair ties and a little hairstyle with hair ties and that's it. AND hair ties and a little hairstyle with hair ties and that's it. AND I'm always asked for tutorials on my I'm always asked for tutorials on my I'm always asked for tutorials on my Hairstyles, but I don't know, I feel like no, no Hairstyles, but I don't know, I feel like no, no Hairstyles, but I don't know, I feel like no, no There's a specific tutorial, it's like... There's a specific tutorial, it's like... There's a specific tutorial, it's like... I do what I feel will work I do what I feel will work I do what I feel will work good. But okay, I'll try. good. But okay, I'll try. good. But okay, I'll try. to give them a hairstyle tutorial. I mean, to give them a hairstyle tutorial. I mean, to give them a hairstyle tutorial. I mean, First, a line down the middle, and then if necessary. First, a line down the middle, and then if necessary. First, a line down the middle, and then if necessary. They help with one of these combs, so They help with one of these combs, so They help with one of these combs, so It has a point, it's going to be better for It has a point, it's going to be better for It has a point, it's going to be better for draw the lines and make it look more draw the lines and make it look more draw the lines and make it look more It's pretty, but the lines are never 100% perfect. It's pretty, but the lines are never 100% perfect. It's pretty, but the lines are never 100% perfect. good. The bad thing about these hairstyles is that good. The bad thing about these hairstyles is that good. The bad thing about these hairstyles is that You have to do every single gummy you make, You have to do every single gummy you make, You have to do every single gummy you make, make it with more than one hair tie, make it with more than one hair tie, make it with more than one hair tie, because these gummy bears explode because these gummy bears explode because these gummy bears explode And you can be in the middle of the And you can be in the middle of the And you can be in the middle of the street that makes pl and out of nowhere like the street that makes pl and out of nowhere like the street that makes pl and out of nowhere like the The hairstyle used to be perfect, but now it's not. The hairstyle used to be perfect, but now it's not. The hairstyle used to be perfect, but now it's not. It's horrible. So when they go to It's horrible. So when they go to It's horrible. So when they go to Tie the rubber bands together, put on more than one. Tie the rubber bands together, put on more than one. Tie the rubber bands together, put on more than one. In fact, up to three if they can, because I In fact, up to three if they can, because I In fact, up to three if they can, because I It's gone from putting two on me to... It's gone from putting two on me to... It's gone from putting two on me to... explode and I have to do it again explode and I have to do it again explode and I have to do it again hairstyle in the middle of a situation hairstyle in the middle of a situation hairstyle in the middle of a situation uncomfortable. Uncomfortable to do a uncomfortable. Uncomfortable to do a uncomfortable. Uncomfortable to do a hairstyle, no, no, no, a situation hairstyle, no, no, no, a situation hairstyle, no, no, no, a situation uncomfortable. How uncomfortable can it be? uncomfortable. How uncomfortable can it be? uncomfortable. How uncomfortable can it be? arrive? [music] There they split like a arrive? [music] There they split like a arrive? [music] There they split like a little triangle. It doesn't have to be perfect. little triangle. It doesn't have to be perfect. little triangle. It doesn't have to be perfect. My little ones are never perfect. There My little ones are never perfect. There My little ones are never perfect. There A small triangle is cut and made into a A small triangle is cut and made into a A small triangle is cut and made into a gummy, gummy, gummy, gummy, gummy, gummy, gummy. I don't tie them so tightly because... gummy. I don't tie them so tightly because... gummy. I don't tie them so tightly because... no afterwards my head hurts all over no afterwards my head hurts all over no afterwards my head hurts all over [music] day, dude, I don't mess around [music] day, dude, I don't mess around [music] day, dude, I don't mess around so much. Here's another one diagonally like so much. Here's another one diagonally like so much. Here's another one diagonally like making it look like another triangle, making it look like another triangle, making it look like another triangle, But it's no longer a triangle. See? Other But it's no longer a triangle. See? Other But it's no longer a triangle. See? Other diagonally, they grab it. Gummy, gummy. And you can do it like that until gummy. And you can do it like that until gummy. And you can do it like that until to get to the bottom or one more. I usually to get to the bottom or one more. I usually to get to the bottom or one more. I usually Do one more and I'll have straightened hair Do one more and I'll have straightened hair Do one more and I'll have straightened hair And if my hair stays like it is today until... And if my hair stays like it is today until... And if my hair stays like it is today until... background. Uh, I already retired from this one background. Uh, I already retired from this one background. Uh, I already retired from this one It's hurting me. Now Since I don't have anything to iron, I think Since I don't have anything to iron, I think Since I don't have anything to iron, I think I'm going to do them all the way down. I'm going to do them all the way down. I'm going to do them all the way down. But that's basically it. I feel that But that's basically it. I feel that But that's basically it. I feel that It's stupid to do this hairstyle and It's stupid to do this hairstyle and It's stupid to do this hairstyle and It's mine, if I knew how to braid my own hair. It's mine, if I knew how to braid my own hair. It's mine, if I knew how to braid my own hair. boiled, I would make boiled braids. This boiled, I would make boiled braids. This boiled, I would make boiled braids. This It's like my way of replacing a braid It's like my way of replacing a braid It's like my way of replacing a braid cooked because I don't know how to make it and I want to cooked because I don't know how to make it and I want to cooked because I don't know how to make it and I want to something like a baked braid. Well, there something like a baked braid. Well, there something like a baked braid. Well, there She finished my hairstyle. That I have one She finished my hairstyle. That I have one She finished my hairstyle. That I have one The rule for these hairstyles is never The rule for these hairstyles is never The rule for these hairstyles is never look at the back. What I don't look at the back. What I don't look at the back. What I don't I see, I don't care. I mean, if I did I see, I don't care. I mean, if I did I see, I don't care. I mean, if I did The whole line is wrong, what do I care if The whole line is wrong, what do I care if The whole line is wrong, what do I care if My pal, if these sticks are two sticks that My pal, if these sticks are two sticks that My pal, if these sticks are two sticks that They're stiff, what do I care? You They're stiff, what do I care? You They're stiff, what do I care? You They can see. I am allowing them to see them. They can see. I am allowing them to see them. They can see. I am allowing them to see them. the back the back the back I don't see it. I live happily without seeing her I don't see it. I live happily without seeing her I don't see it. I live happily without seeing her back part. It's like when a back part. It's like when a back part. It's like when a The t-shirt is a little too big on you and The t-shirt is a little too big on you and The t-shirt is a little too big on you and traffic jam here with a tail and you traffic jam here with a tail and you traffic jam here with a tail and you It looks awful. What do I care if... It looks awful. What do I care if... It looks awful. What do I care if... Does the front look good on me? I don't mind Does the front look good on me? I don't mind Does the front look good on me? I don't mind how it looks from behind. That's my way of how it looks from behind. That's my way of how it looks from behind. That's my way of think. And while we're at it, I'll take advantage of the think. And while we're at it, I'll take advantage of the think. And while we're at it, I'll take advantage of the days when I'm really energetic and don't... days when I'm really energetic and don't... days when I'm really energetic and don't... I got up with a "I can't take it anymore" look on my face. I got up with a "I can't take it anymore" look on my face. I got up with a "I can't take it anymore" look on my face. I need to do my skincare, because skincare... I need to do my skincare, because skincare... I need to do my skincare, because skincare... I never do it in the morning. I mean, I never do it in the morning. I mean, I never do it in the morning. I mean, I assume that my morning skincare routine... I assume that my morning skincare routine... I assume that my morning skincare routine... I do it very rarely, I take advantage I do it very rarely, I take advantage I do it very rarely, I take advantage only the days, so I'm half only the days, so I'm half only the days, so I'm half I'm hyperactive in the morning because otherwise I'm I'm hyperactive in the morning because otherwise I'm I'm hyperactive in the morning because otherwise I'm I get up, change, and leave. Oh well, I get up, change, and leave. Oh well, I get up, change, and leave. Oh well, Let's do the skinco, I have Let's do the skinco, I have Let's do the skinco, I have products that I received from a kanje, products that I received from a kanje, products that I received from a kanje, Honestly, they're making me re Honestly, they're making me re Honestly, they're making me re good for the skin. Look, now they're good for the skin. Look, now they're good for the skin. Look, now they're I show. [music] I show. [music] I show. [music] In other words, it was an advertisement that I had In other words, it was an advertisement that I had In other words, it was an advertisement that I had that advertise as a page of that advertise as a page of that advertise as a page of skincare and I could choose from that one skincare and I could choose from that one skincare and I could choose from that one page certain things that besides the page certain things that besides the page certain things that besides the that they paid me for advertising that they paid me for advertising that they paid me for advertising They gave these products away. So They gave these products away. So They gave these products away. So Look, I have this one that's kind of for Look, I have this one that's kind of for Look, I have this one that's kind of for I use it to cleanse my face when I... I use it to cleanse my face when I... I use it to cleanse my face when I... bathroom, because one thing that gives me bathroom, because one thing that gives me bathroom, because one thing that gives me Skincare laziness, I'm so lazy because Skincare laziness, I'm so lazy because Skincare laziness, I'm so lazy because In case you didn't realize, things are... In case you didn't realize, things are... In case you didn't realize, things are... So they wash themselves, they rinse themselves, it gives So they wash themselves, they rinse themselves, it gives So they wash themselves, they rinse themselves, it gives I'm going to get all wet. So, I'm going to get all wet. So, I'm going to get all wet. So, I take advantage of it when, as I usually do, I take a bath I take advantage of it when, as I usually do, I take a bath I take advantage of it when, as I usually do, I take a bath At night, I take advantage of when I am At night, I take advantage of when I am At night, I take advantage of when I am While bathing, I wash my face with soap, While bathing, I wash my face with soap, While bathing, I wash my face with soap, So when I leave, that part is already over. So when I leave, that part is already over. So when I leave, that part is already over. I've done it, because one thing is washing I've done it, because one thing is washing I've done it, because one thing is washing The face in the shower and another thing is The face in the shower and another thing is The face in the shower and another thing is Wash your face here, you'll get it all wet Wash your face here, you'll get it all wet Wash your face here, you'll get it all wet a straw. But anyway, that one. After this a straw. But anyway, that one. After this a straw. But anyway, that one. After this The serum is the one I'm using, and these The serum is the one I'm using, and these The serum is the one I'm using, and these I vary it. If I make a skincard of I vary it. If I make a skincard of I vary it. If I make a skincard of Every day, I put on this little gel that's like Every day, I put on this little gel that's like Every day, I put on this little gel that's like a moisturizer but more of a gel, not so a moisturizer but more of a gel, not so a moisturizer but more of a gel, not so Heavy as cream, and this is the cream. Heavy as cream, and this is the cream. Heavy as cream, and this is the cream. when I do my nighttime skincare. when I do my nighttime skincare. when I do my nighttime skincare. Nothing, really, look at how I have the Nothing, really, look at how I have the Nothing, really, look at how I have the fur. And I'm not taking pills. fur. And I'm not taking pills. fur. And I'm not taking pills. I'm not taking any birth control pills. I'm not taking any birth control pills. I'm not taking any birth control pills. I'm not taking anything to have the I'm not taking anything to have the I'm not taking anything to have the skin like that, honestly, and the truth is that skin like that, honestly, and the truth is that skin like that, honestly, and the truth is that My diet isn't very good, so My diet isn't very good, so My diet isn't very good, so The skin is pretty good. Hey, The skin is pretty good. Hey, The skin is pretty good. Hey, What I have recently started to What I have recently started to What I have recently started to Implementing more is like drinking water. Like that Implementing more is like drinking water. Like that Implementing more is like drinking water. Like that That's the most important thing of all, you don't poop. That's the most important thing of all, you don't poop. That's the most important thing of all, you don't poop. Drink water. Your skin looks bad, drink water. Drink water. Your skin looks bad, drink water. Drink water. Your skin looks bad, drink water. If your stomach feels bad, drink water. If your stomach feels bad, drink water. If your stomach feels bad, drink water. You're bloated, drink water. It's like the You're bloated, drink water. It's like the You're bloated, drink water. It's like the Water is very important for everything that Water is very important for everything that Water is very important for everything that It's the body, and in winter I get... It's the body, and in winter I get... It's the body, and in winter I get... It made drinking water extremely difficult. Um, but It made drinking water extremely difficult. Um, but It made drinking water extremely difficult. Um, but Lautar is kind of annoying me about that Lautar is kind of annoying me about that Lautar is kind of annoying me about that because it's like it has the chip from there because it's like it has the chip from there because it's like it has the chip from there to drink water. Then he always, to drink water. Then he always, to drink water. Then he always, but he always leaves me the thermos with but he always leaves me the thermos with but he always leaves me the thermos with ice, prepared the way I like it, ice, prepared the way I like it, ice, prepared the way I like it, so that I'm always available to take so that I'm always available to take so that I'm always available to take water, because I also get a little thirsty water, because I also get a little thirsty water, because I also get a little thirsty of straw and I forget. It happens to me with the of straw and I forget. It happens to me with the of straw and I forget. It happens to me with the Drink water, which is how my body is. Drink water, which is how my body is. Drink water, which is how my body is. as if he doesn't have the feeling of as if he doesn't have the feeling of as if he doesn't have the feeling of to be thirsty, like he just had the to be thirsty, like he just had the to be thirsty, like he just had the feeling of having silk water and I gave feeling of having silk water and I gave feeling of having silk water and I gave I realize I haven't taken it in a long time, but I I realize I haven't taken it in a long time, but I I realize I haven't taken it in a long time, but I I forget that I need to drink water. I forget that I need to drink water. I forget that I need to drink water. So, of course, Lautaro always puts me So, of course, Lautaro always puts me So, of course, Lautaro always puts me The thermos was there, so I took it out of habit. The thermos was there, so I took it out of habit. The thermos was there, so I took it out of habit. But drink water, seriously, it's one of But drink water, seriously, it's one of But drink water, seriously, it's one of the most important things to do the most important things to do the most important things to do to do, besides, well, yes, eat, to do, besides, well, yes, eat, to do, besides, well, yes, eat, eat well, have energy, no, eat well, have energy, no, eat well, have energy, no, Postra is much more important than what Postra is much more important than what Postra is much more important than what seems. It's done. Okay, outfit seems. It's done. Okay, outfit seems. It's done. Okay, outfit to go to the gym and with unshaven armpits and with unshaven armpits and with unshaven armpits Because I didn't shave them, I didn't realize Because I didn't shave them, I didn't realize Because I didn't shave them, I didn't realize And I don't plan on waxing them today. Above And I don't plan on waxing them today. Above And I don't plan on waxing them today. Above the hairs. If you suffer from a goat's pain, the hairs. If you suffer from a goat's pain, the hairs. If you suffer from a goat's pain, Today is how I woke up, counselor. Today is how I woke up, counselor. Today is how I woke up, counselor. Who are you, Mommy? Who the hell are you? Who are you, Mommy? Who the hell are you? Who are you, Mommy? Who the hell are you? But if they suffer from a strong goat smell, my But if they suffer from a strong goat smell, my But if they suffer from a strong goat smell, my recommendation, which is what I... recommendation, which is what I... recommendation, which is what I... It helped me not to smell like a goat, it's the It helped me not to smell like a goat, it's the It helped me not to smell like a goat, it's the This deodorant is very expensive, but This deodorant is very expensive, but This deodorant is very expensive, but It's worth it. Did you see that stress in It's worth it. Did you see that stress in It's worth it. Did you see that stress in TikTok that I made products for which I did TikTok that I made products for which I did TikTok that I made products for which I did Is it worth spending the money? Well, it seems to me Is it worth spending the money? Well, it seems to me Is it worth spending the money? Well, it seems to me That train is a load of rubbish. That train is a load of rubbish. That train is a load of rubbish. Honestly, but it's very expensive. But Honestly, but it's very expensive. But Honestly, but it's very expensive. But If you can get it on sale, sometimes it's If you can get it on sale, sometimes it's If you can get it on sale, sometimes it's on offer. You can get it on sale this on offer. You can get it on sale this on offer. You can get it on sale this and then any aerosol can. and then any aerosol can. and then any aerosol can. First one, then the other [snort] and they don't sweat there, I mean, [snort] and they don't sweat there, I mean, [snort] and they don't sweat there, I mean, Yes, they sweat, but I don't know the Yes, they sweat, but I don't know the Yes, they sweat, but I don't know the I'm taking advantage of the fact that I'm wearing a top like this to I'm taking advantage of the fact that I'm wearing a top like this to I'm taking advantage of the fact that I'm wearing a top like this to always answer a question that I always answer a question that I always answer a question that I They do, guys. Every time they see me like this They do, guys. Every time they see me like this They do, guys. Every time they see me like this a little mark like that on the chest or many a little mark like that on the chest or many a little mark like that on the chest or many I had her here for years of my life, me I had her here for years of my life, me I had her here for years of my life, me They ask, "Cuqui, who did that before?" They ask, "Cuqui, who did that before?" They ask, "Cuqui, who did that before?" "Pacifier?" And now that you're not asking me... "Pacifier?" And now that you're not asking me... "Pacifier?" And now that you're not asking me... who, because I'm no longer single, who, because I'm no longer single, who, because I'm no longer single, They tell me, "Oh, cutie, what's wrong with you?" They tell me, "Oh, cutie, what's wrong with you?" They tell me, "Oh, cutie, what's wrong with you?" "Pacifier?" Guys, I'm so sorry, I didn't "Pacifier?" Guys, I'm so sorry, I didn't "Pacifier?" Guys, I'm so sorry, I didn't I understand what kind of activities I understand what kind of activities I understand what kind of activities They think I do things that make them do this to me. They think I do things that make them do this to me. They think I do things that make them do this to me. a pacifier on the chest. a pacifier on the chest. a pacifier on the chest. I'm not judging if it happened to someone. Me I'm not judging if it happened to someone. Me I'm not judging if it happened to someone. Me They don't give me any hickeys on my chest, They don't give me any hickeys on my chest, They don't give me any hickeys on my chest, But they're not allergies. I have the skin But they're not allergies. I have the skin But they're not allergies. I have the skin I'm very allergic, and allergies affect me a lot. I'm very allergic, and allergies affect me a lot. I'm very allergic, and allergies affect me a lot. They seem to jump out of my ears when I'm stressed. They seem to jump out of my ears when I'm stressed. They seem to jump out of my ears when I'm stressed. And me, the little strap on the bra, the the And me, the little strap on the bra, the the And me, the little strap on the bra, the the Little metal piece of the bodice, I know what's up Little metal piece of the bodice, I know what's up Little metal piece of the bodice, I know what's up What to do about changing them for What to do about changing them for What to do about changing them for some that are made of plastic or put them some that are made of plastic or put them some that are made of plastic or put them clear enamel. In other words, I know everything clear enamel. In other words, I know everything clear enamel. In other words, I know everything what needs to be done. I've been allergic since what needs to be done. I've been allergic since what needs to be done. I've been allergic since I'm very young, but oh well, nothing. I'm very young, but oh well, nothing. I'm very young, but oh well, nothing. As I said, I'm allergic to those things As I said, I'm allergic to those things As I said, I'm allergic to those things And with stress, they kind of reappear. And with stress, they kind of reappear. And with stress, they kind of reappear. to go out because they see, I mean, I don't know if in the to go out because they see, I mean, I don't know if in the to go out because they see, I mean, I don't know if in the The camera can be seen, but here I already The camera can be seen, but here I already The camera can be seen, but here I already I don't have it anymore because I got rid of it, but I don't have it anymore because I got rid of it, but I don't have it anymore because I got rid of it, but My skin turned a different color, My skin turned a different color, My skin turned a different color, So when I'm stressed or So when I'm stressed or So when I'm stressed or when I get those moments of when I get those moments of when I get those moments of stress in my life or stress spikes or it stress in my life or stress spikes or it stress in my life or stress spikes or it whatever it was, like they're going to tell me again whatever it was, like they're going to tell me again whatever it was, like they're going to tell me again bring. And I have a bigger one here that bring. And I have a bigger one here that bring. And I have a bigger one here that once a tag was generated for me once a tag was generated for me once a tag was generated for me of union that of course, seemed gigantic to me. of union that of course, seemed gigantic to me. of union that of course, seemed gigantic to me. So, I have everything here in the So, I have everything here in the So, I have everything here in the back, above the buttocks, literally back, above the buttocks, literally back, above the buttocks, literally a brand as if it were a brand of a brand as if it were a brand of a brand as if it were a brand of larger birth, which actually larger birth, which actually larger birth, which actually It's an allergy that when I'm It's an allergy that when I'm It's an allergy that when I'm A stressed pup jumps red and starts to... A stressed pup jumps red and starts to... A stressed pup jumps red and starts to... snacking, but in everyday life it's just snacking, but in everyday life it's just snacking, but in everyday life it's just I have it there. And this appeared to me I have it there. And this appeared to me I have it there. And this appeared to me Here, which is what they asked me about. Here, which is what they asked me about. Here, which is what they asked me about. She has a pacifier, the little chain that... She has a pacifier, the little chain that... She has a pacifier, the little chain that... I gave the car away, it gave me an allergic reaction. Mm. EITHER I gave the car away, it gave me an allergic reaction. Mm. EITHER I gave the car away, it gave me an allergic reaction. Mm. EITHER I mean, not the little chain, but he said he gave me I mean, not the little chain, but he said he gave me I mean, not the little chain, but he said he gave me allergy, so I had to take it out allergy, so I had to take it out allergy, so I had to take it out Because nothing, it started to produce that in me and Because nothing, it started to produce that in me and Because nothing, it started to produce that in me and Well, that's it, but anyway, let's go to the gym. Well, that's it, but anyway, let's go to the gym. Well, that's it, but anyway, let's go to the gym. I'm almost certain that Lautaro already told me I'm almost certain that Lautaro already told me I'm almost certain that Lautaro already told me He said, "Hey, José, I woke up, but Misu He said, "Hey, José, I woke up, but Misu He said, "Hey, José, I woke up, but Misu He woke up in the middle of the night. He woke up in the middle of the night. He woke up in the middle of the night. The night and it didn't let me sleep, so no The night and it didn't let me sleep, so no The night and it didn't let me sleep, so no "He's coming today, huh?" But anyway, let's go "He's coming today, huh?" But anyway, let's go "He's coming today, huh?" But anyway, let's go al shim to train leg. And look, al shim to train leg. And look, al shim to train leg. And look, Look, look at that shoulder. Well, not biceps Look, look at that shoulder. Well, not biceps Look, look at that shoulder. Well, not biceps I have so much, but guess who I'm with I have so much, but guess who I'm with I have so much, but guess who I'm with He shut his mouth. He shut his mouth. He shut his mouth. Came. I thought you weren't coming at all. Came. I thought you weren't coming at all. Came. I thought you weren't coming at all. Ah, but you said that. Ah, but you said that. Ah, but you said that. I said like Misu woke you up all over. I said like Misu woke you up all over. I said like Misu woke you up all over. the night, which is the typical one you weren't going to the night, which is the typical one you weren't going to the night, which is the typical one you weren't going to come with many years. come with many years. come with many years. But anyway, let's [music] But anyway, let's [music] But anyway, let's [music] leg training. leg training. leg training. And? And? And? Let's train legs. Let's train legs. Let's train legs. But you said ypa But you said ypa But you said ypa leg. Said, leg. Said, leg. Said, "Hey "Hey "Hey "You start." "You start." "You start." Okay, let's start with the press, which... Okay, let's start with the press, which... Okay, let's start with the press, which... It was fun just watching the training It was fun just watching the training It was fun just watching the training ali. Ah, ali. Ah, ali. Ah, I can record you training. That's going to be it I can record you training. That's going to be it I can record you training. That's going to be it The fun part is that you guys already... The fun part is that you guys already... The fun part is that you guys already... They had entered a million times, but They had entered a million times, but They had entered a million times, but The water is starting to rise in all of this. The water is starting to rise in all of this. The water is starting to rise in all of this. What is the gym? So You can add more weight now. Yes, you're going to add a lot more weight. Yes, you're going to add a lot more weight. Yes, you're going to add a lot more weight. When we come to the gym, I am the When we come to the gym, I am the When we come to the gym, I am the Lautaro's police, because Lautaro's police, because Lautaro's police, because Lautaro acts like a fool and does with Lautaro acts like a fool and does with Lautaro acts like a fool and does with It weighs very little and can do much more It weighs very little and can do much more It weighs very little and can do much more weight, but he's the fool. weight, but he's the fool. weight, but he's the fool. I'm very tired, I don't want to. [laughs] I'm very tired, I don't want to. [laughs] I'm very tired, I don't want to. [laughs] Well, at this moment the paths of the Well, at this moment the paths of the Well, at this moment the paths of the The ICU routine and mine are separated by The ICU routine and mine are separated by The ICU routine and mine are separated by an exercise because he does, uh, the an exercise because he does, uh, the an exercise because he does, uh, the squat jack or the ja hack, I don't know how squat jack or the ja hack, I don't know how squat jack or the ja hack, I don't know how It's said, but I have a problem It's said, but I have a problem It's said, but I have a problem physical that I can't do because physical that I can't do because physical that I can't do because This guy trains me in a movement that he does This guy trains me in a movement that he does This guy trains me in a movement that he does that hurts a lot, then I do that hurts a lot, then I do that hurts a lot, then I do squats or squat. I'm not here today squats or squat. I'm not here today squats or squat. I'm not here today to do squats because I'm very to do squats because I'm very to do squats because I'm very Tired, but squat, sumo. Well, Tired, but squat, sumo. Well, Tired, but squat, sumo. Well, Do you want to record me? Because this one is weird. Do you want to record me? Because this one is weird. Do you want to record me? Because this one is weird. I recorded it myself, and it's the worst technique of I recorded it myself, and it's the worst technique of I recorded it myself, and it's the worst technique of world, okay? Don't take me as an example world, okay? Don't take me as an example world, okay? Don't take me as an example for techniques. I do what I can. Here's the hairy-chested male Here's the hairy-chested male Here's the hairy-chested male doing the worst exercise of the day doing the worst exercise of the day doing the worst exercise of the day leg. What can be done? What are you leg. What can be done? What are you leg. What can be done? What are you doing the worst exercise of the day doing the worst exercise of the day doing the worst exercise of the day legs? all. legs? all. legs? all. Oh well, Oh well, Oh well, They want toned legs, they have They want toned legs, they have They want toned legs, they have that they do unless they can't that they do unless they can't that they do unless they can't because like me. Oh, look at that face because like me. Oh, look at that face because like me. Oh, look at that face that suffering. [music] Look at the face of suffering. That's how it is Look at the face of suffering. That's how it is Look at the face of suffering. That's how it is suffers. This is how we have to suffer. That's how it has to be suffers. This is how we have to suffer. That's how it has to be suffers. This is how we have to suffer. That's how it has to be to make them suffer. Yes, she suffers. He suffers, to make them suffer. Yes, she suffers. He suffers, to make them suffer. Yes, she suffers. He suffers, damn [ __ ]. He suffers. He suffers. Well, before damn [ __ ]. He suffers. He suffers. Well, before damn [ __ ]. He suffers. He suffers. Well, before Last, come closer, please. Last, come closer, please. Last, come closer, please. You went to hell second to last You went to hell second to last You went to hell second to last exercises and quadriceps and after that exercises and quadriceps and after that exercises and quadriceps and after that fine to tell your pants situation. fine to tell your pants situation. fine to tell your pants situation. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, His pants ripped. It has a His pants ripped. It has a His pants ripped. It has a hole in the middle of the eggs. hole in the middle of the eggs. hole in the middle of the eggs. Rechiquito. Rechiquito. Rechiquito. It's small, but when they exercise It's small, but when they exercise It's small, but when they exercise You can see the hole, [laughs] but oh well, You can see the hole, [laughs] but oh well, You can see the hole, [laughs] but oh well, She's wearing black underwear, so nothing's wrong. No, it was visible on the horse. I recorded you, but from No, it was visible on the horse. I recorded you, but from No, it was visible on the horse. I recorded you, but from face. Opinions on my killer routine Opinions on my killer routine Opinions on my killer routine quadriceps quadriceps quadriceps and kills quadris. and kills quadris. and kills quadris. If you see my face like this in the If you see my face like this in the If you see my face like this in the gym, what song do they think they're going to play? gym, what song do they think they're going to play? gym, what song do they think they're going to play? Am I listening? Because my headphones are now Let's go there. Let's go there. Let's go there. Last exercise, hamstrings. If they can Last exercise, hamstrings. If they can Last exercise, hamstrings. If they can seated leg curls seated leg curls seated leg curls seated. This position is horrible. seated. This position is horrible. seated. This position is horrible. I hate this position. I feel exposed. I hate this position. I feel exposed. I hate this position. I feel exposed. If it is If it is If it is completely exposed. That which now completely exposed. That which now completely exposed. That which now I'm wearing leggings, but when you have a I'm wearing leggings, but when you have a I'm wearing leggings, but when you have a shorts that sometimes ride up shorts that sometimes ride up shorts that sometimes ride up a little bit, you're like all day long a little bit, you're like all day long a little bit, you're like all day long lowering yourself so your butt isn't visible. Julito standing still. I've finished now. Not the most. Stop, stop, stop. Can't. F. Best P I ever did. F. Best P I ever did. F. Best P I ever did. I, the five I, the five I, the five You're covering me up because I was You're covering me up because I was You're covering me up because I was changing. changing. changing. Well, as you already know, the sandwich that Well, as you already know, the sandwich that Well, as you already know, the sandwich that We used to order with Sofí at Café Martín, but not anymore. We used to order with Sofí at Café Martín, but not anymore. We used to order with Sofí at Café Martín, but not anymore. It's more so now when we come to It's more so now when we come to It's more so now when we come to Café Martínez, I'm trying it out Café Martínez, I'm trying it out Café Martínez, I'm trying it out different sandwiches. different sandwiches. different sandwiches. Uh, he's the one who g the most Uh, he's the one who g the most Uh, he's the one who g the most for now. This is the one I liked the most. for now. This is the one I liked the most. for now. This is the one I liked the most. which comes with all the melted cheese, which comes with all the melted cheese, which comes with all the melted cheese, It has arugula, meat and spring onion. And the It has arugula, meat and spring onion. And the It has arugula, meat and spring onion. And the UTI orders one with chicken and avocado and no UTI orders one with chicken and avocado and no UTI orders one with chicken and avocado and no I know what. I know what. I know what. And scrambled eggs. It's very tasty, And scrambled eggs. It's very tasty, And scrambled eggs. It's very tasty, But nothing. It will be the cisar chicken sandwich. But nothing. It will be the cisar chicken sandwich. But nothing. It will be the cisar chicken sandwich. Hopefully. Hopefully. Hopefully. Health. It's delicious. It's delicious. It's delicious. No, No, No, No. No. No. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, But it's not the chicken sisar. But it's not the chicken sisar. But it's not the chicken sisar. Well, you have to let it go. Well, you have to let it go. Well, you have to let it go. I'm never going to let him go. And here we have the I'm never going to let him go. And here we have the I'm never going to let him go. And here we have the dip and potato dip and potato dip and potato that the potatoes are macin apparently. that the potatoes are macin apparently. that the potatoes are macin apparently. Well, you saw that I told you I had Well, you saw that I told you I had Well, you saw that I told you I had to help Sofia with a video. to help Sofia with a video. to help Sofia with a video. When my other favorite YouTuber appears When my other favorite YouTuber appears When my other favorite YouTuber appears in the video of my other YouTuber in the video of my other YouTuber in the video of my other YouTuber favorite. Well, Sofia, here it is. Well, Sofia, here it is. Well, Sofia, here it is. Subscribe to my channel, like this video, Subscribe to my channel, like this video, Subscribe to my channel, like this video, Share it with your friends, join the Share it with your friends, join the Share it with your friends, join the We combined TikTok with the profile picture We combined TikTok with the profile picture We combined TikTok with the profile picture of the two of us as the What are they like? of the two of us as the What are they like? of the two of us as the What are they like? Just a cult, I love it. Just a cult, I love it. Just a cult, I love it. Yes, the sect, the sect, the sect that Yes, the sect, the sect, the sect that Yes, the sect, the sect, the sect that We are very fun and now bloggers. We are very fun and now bloggers. We are very fun and now bloggers. I joined the blog clan. I joined the blog clan. I joined the blog clan. Well, Well, Well, Well. Uh, nothing, I just had to help her with Well. Uh, nothing, I just had to help her with Well. Uh, nothing, I just had to help her with a video, I helped her with the bazaar and they are a video, I helped her with the bazaar and they are a video, I helped her with the bazaar and they are At 6 pm, it became a At 6 pm, it became a At 6 pm, it became a The matter was a bit long and I wanted The matter was a bit long and I wanted The matter was a bit long and I wanted set up the sandbox for the kittens that set up the sandbox for the kittens that set up the sandbox for the kittens that They sent it to me, Bipo. It kills me that I They sent it to me, Bipo. It kills me that I They sent it to me, Bipo. It kills me that I I'm here in help mode and actually I'm here in help mode and actually I'm here in help mode and actually She'll do it perfectly well on her own. She'll do it perfectly well on her own. She'll do it perfectly well on her own. because we already know what she's like. Not you because we already know what she's like. Not you because we already know what she's like. Not you You know, you have to see that part of me You know, you have to see that part of me You know, you have to see that part of me video. video. video. What did you try to set up for him? How did I do it? What did you try to set up for him? How did I do it? What did you try to set up for him? How did I do it? I tried to put everything together, it was difficult. I I tried to put everything together, it was difficult. I I tried to put everything together, it was difficult. I I put it together, because I put it together, because I put it together, because It is rearmed. I opened it, it was It is rearmed. I opened it, it was It is rearmed. I opened it, it was super-disarmed. You don't know what it was like super-disarmed. You don't know what it was like super-disarmed. You don't know what it was like that. I that. I that. I It's not actually difficult to assemble, but It's not actually difficult to assemble, but It's not actually difficult to assemble, but I'm with loot. I'm with loot. I'm with loot. Let's see, because I have this here Let's see, because I have this here Let's see, because I have this here box a week ago because I don't have box a week ago because I don't have box a week ago because I don't have I have time to put it together, so I'm taking advantage of it. I have time to put it together, so I'm taking advantage of it. I have time to put it together, so I'm taking advantage of it. Sofi is coming to help me because Sofi is coming to help me because Sofi is coming to help me because I feel like I'm going to get super stressed with I feel like I'm going to get super stressed with I feel like I'm going to get super stressed with this. this. this. Something to avoid procrastinating on. Something to avoid procrastinating on. Something to avoid procrastinating on. Yes, also Yes, also Yes, also Because I'm not going to help you. Because I'm not going to help you. Because I'm not going to help you. Well, the guys from Well, the guys from Well, the guys from Beep. I'm leaving it here on Instagram too. Me Beep. I'm leaving it here on Instagram too. Me Beep. I'm leaving it here on Instagram too. Me They sent it, they sent it to me because Sofi wanted it. They sent it, they sent it to me because Sofi wanted it. They sent it, they sent it to me because Sofi wanted it. He has it and he did something to Sofi, he did He has it and he did something to Sofi, he did He has it and he did something to Sofi, he did I bought it and thought it was a very good purchase, I bought it and thought it was a very good purchase, I bought it and thought it was a very good purchase, since I cannot help with the assembly of since I cannot help with the assembly of since I cannot help with the assembly of The question is, I'm going to help with my The question is, I'm going to help with my The question is, I'm going to help with my testimony, my experience with this testimony, my experience with this testimony, my experience with this product, like when you read the reviews product, like when you read the reviews product, like when you read the reviews on Google. Well, what happened to me was that I on Google. Well, what happened to me was that I on Google. Well, what happened to me was that I It had the cat litter box It had the cat litter box It had the cat litter box conventional like the one she has and conventional like the one she has and conventional like the one she has and Wherever there was a sandbox, there was always Wherever there was a sandbox, there was always Wherever there was a sandbox, there was always smell in the air, always, always. AND smell in the air, always, always. AND smell in the air, always, always. AND I tried everything, you know. I tried I tried everything, you know. I tried I tried everything, you know. I tried Putting it in the bathroom, I tried to put it Putting it in the bathroom, I tried to put it Putting it in the bathroom, I tried to put it next to the balcony with the window next to the balcony with the window next to the balcony with the window open, I tried putting it in the open, I tried putting it in the open, I tried putting it in the office, I always ended up having office, I always ended up having office, I always ended up having smell. When he had it in the office smell. When he had it in the office smell. When he had it in the office Yes, there was a smell, remember? But when Yes, there was a smell, remember? But when Yes, there was a smell, remember? But when I put it next to the window of the I put it next to the window of the I put it next to the window of the balcony, never in my life, I go into my balcony, never in my life, I go into my balcony, never in my life, I go into my house and smell of cat pee and poop house and smell of cat pee and poop house and smell of cat pee and poop since I got this. Because you understand since I got this. Because you understand since I got this. Because you understand like, "Oh, you saw that I sent you a like, "Oh, you saw that I sent you a like, "Oh, you saw that I sent you a "The package contains replacement parts for my bags." "The package contains replacement parts for my bags." "The package contains replacement parts for my bags." No, I have to forget. Where is? No, I have to forget. Where is? No, I have to forget. Where is? No, no No, no No, no all the way down. Ah, okay. Well, those all the way down. Ah, okay. Well, those all the way down. Ah, okay. Well, those I only get rolls for I only get rolls for I only get rolls for Mercadoolbre. That's the problem. Well, Mercadoolbre. That's the problem. Well, Mercadoolbre. That's the problem. Well, I'm going next because Sofi offered to help me. I'm going next because Sofi offered to help me. I'm going next because Sofi offered to help me. with the video thing because all together it doesn't work with the video thing because all together it doesn't work with the video thing because all together it doesn't work can. Well, nothing, I have this one can. Well, nothing, I have this one can. Well, nothing, I have this one I've had the box here for more than one time, actually. I've had the box here for more than one time, actually. I've had the box here for more than one time, actually. week, but I don't have time to week, but I don't have time to week, but I don't have time to to put it together and I also kept procrastinating on it to put it together and I also kept procrastinating on it to put it together and I also kept procrastinating on it a lot because I knew these things to me a lot because I knew these things to me a lot because I knew these things to me They tend to stress me out a little. EITHER They tend to stress me out a little. EITHER They tend to stress me out a little. EITHER Yes, I love it, I love doing these things, Yes, I love it, I love doing these things, Yes, I love it, I love doing these things, I love it, I love ordering these I love it, I love ordering these I love it, I love ordering these I like to build things. Now, the I like to build things. Now, the I like to build things. Now, the The process gives me a little stress. Let's see, The process gives me a little stress. Let's see, The process gives me a little stress. Let's see, Here's the thing, placing the part Here's the thing, placing the part Here's the thing, placing the part back of the sphere. Where? Okay. Which is the back? How do I know which is the back of How do I know which is the back of How do I know which is the back of the sphere? Okay, I'm going to assume this the sphere? Okay, I'm going to assume this the sphere? Okay, I'm going to assume this That's right. [music] I doubt it. Protector of That's right. [music] I doubt it. Protector of That's right. [music] I doubt it. Protector of waste. Oh no, Mom. No, but this is waste. Oh no, Mom. No, but this is waste. Oh no, Mom. No, but this is Basic Chinese, huh? I can't believe that Basic Chinese, huh? I can't believe that Basic Chinese, huh? I can't believe that Let's see this by watching me put it together. EITHER Let's see this by watching me put it together. EITHER Let's see this by watching me put it together. EITHER be it, it is be it, it is be it, it is This residue protector, but not This residue protector, but not This residue protector, but not I understand where you're going. I mean, I understand where you're going. I mean, I understand where you're going. I mean, No, that, that first, No, that, that first, No, that, that first, Hey, Hey, Hey, I did the bottom part first. I did the bottom part first. I did the bottom part first. Ah, it says no here Ah, it says no here Ah, it says no here It's the same one I have because around here It's the same one I have because around here It's the same one I have because around here This one doesn't have little ears. This one doesn't have little ears. This one doesn't have little ears. Ah, there it is. Ah, there it is. Ah, there it is. I'm getting a little stressed. I'm getting a little stressed. I'm getting a little stressed. We'll come back when it's a little more... We'll come back when it's a little more... We'll come back when it's a little more... navy. Dale. Okay, guys, after navy. Dale. Okay, guys, after navy. Dale. Okay, guys, after A long time ago, I was able to assemble this ship A long time ago, I was able to assemble this ship A long time ago, I was able to assemble this ship space and Sofi set up the base. She space and Sofi set up the base. She space and Sofi set up the base. She She built the base herself. She built the base herself. She built the base herself. Me and my manual. Uh-huh. There. And this now Me and my manual. Uh-huh. There. And this now Me and my manual. Uh-huh. There. And this now We put it here, right? There. We put it here, right? There. We put it here, right? There. This has to be opened, I suppose. And that's where you put it. And that's where you put it. And that's where you put it. Oh, look at the numbers, you idiot. Four Oh, look at the numbers, you idiot. Four Oh, look at the numbers, you idiot. Four here. here. here. There it is. And the little ears. There it is. And the little ears. There it is. And the little ears. Did you download the app? Did you download the app? Did you download the app? No. Ear. No. Ear. No. Ear. First, plug it in. First, plug it in. First, plug it in. Where is the other ear? Where is the other ear? Where is the other ear? There. How cool that I have ears. There. How cool that I have ears. There. How cool that I have ears. Look. I feel like my cats are going to Look. I feel like my cats are going to Look. I feel like my cats are going to to give a remedy to this as well. To yours to give a remedy to this as well. To yours to give a remedy to this as well. To yours They weren't afraid. They weren't afraid. They weren't afraid. Yes, but then when they realize Yes, but then when they realize Yes, but then when they realize Now they love their electric sandbox. Now they love their electric sandbox. Now they love their electric sandbox. It's so dark, like Black Mirror. It's like It's so dark, like Black Mirror. It's like It's so dark, like Black Mirror. It's like an astronaut. an astronaut. an astronaut. There you have it. You don't have that one plugged in. There you have it. You don't have that one plugged in. There you have it. You don't have that one plugged in. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, because ideally you want it to grab you because ideally you want it to grab you because ideally you want it to grab you balcony. balcony. balcony. Yes, I know, but oh well, I'll post one later Yes, I know, but oh well, I'll post one later Yes, I know, but oh well, I'll post one later long or something. long or something. long or something. Okay. I'm going to plug it in and see what happens. Okay. I'm going to plug it in and see what happens. Okay. I'm going to plug it in and see what happens. If we did everything right, it should turn on. If we did everything right, it should turn on. If we did everything right, it should turn on. What suspense. What suspense. What suspense. I plugged it in. I plugged it in. I plugged it in. It caught fire. It caught fire. It caught fire. Now you need to connect your Wi-Fi. Now you need to connect your Wi-Fi. Now you need to connect your Wi-Fi. Vame, I didn't turn on the app. [music] Vame, I didn't turn on the app. [music] Vame, I didn't turn on the app. [music] The app never downloaded for me. The pee The app never downloaded for me. The pee The app never downloaded for me. The pee It forms a ball, the poop forms a It forms a ball, the poop forms a It forms a ball, the poop forms a ball and then it spins and the poop you ball and then it spins and the poop you ball and then it spins and the poop you throw and the pee and the [music] throw and the pee and the [music] throw and the pee and the [music] And that's why there isn't any in the house. Sofia is And that's why there isn't any in the house. Sofia is And that's why there isn't any in the house. Sofia is looking at my coffee station. looking at my coffee station. looking at my coffee station. Did you record that? Did you record that? Did you record that? I made a coffee station and I made a coffee station and I made a coffee station and He made a coffee station and put it there. He made a coffee station and put it there. He made a coffee station and put it there. He recorded it. He hates them. He hates them. He hates recording. He recorded it. He hates them. He hates them. He hates recording. He recorded it. He hates them. He hates them. He hates recording. He hates being a YouTuber. He hates being a YouTuber. He hates being a YouTuber. No. No. No. It's such a drag when they ask for so many things for It's such a drag when they ask for so many things for It's such a drag when they ask for so many things for a shitty password. a shitty password. a shitty password. Capital letters. Strange characters. Capital letters. Strange characters. Capital letters. Strange characters. Literal capital letters, lowercase letters. Eight Literal capital letters, lowercase letters. Eight Literal capital letters, lowercase letters. Eight characters and a character that is not le characters and a character that is not le characters and a character that is not le trail. How awful. You provide the whole package, You provide the whole package, You provide the whole package, No? More or less when it's where it says No? More or less when it's where it says No? More or less when it's where it says further. further. further. Ready. It has half a package. It has half a package. It has half a package. Yes, he put the [music] in your ear. Yes, he put the [music] in your ear. Yes, he put the [music] in your ear. Yes. If not, I'll tell you. Let's go Yes. If not, I'll tell you. Let's go Yes. If not, I'll tell you. Let's go try it. When you change it, don't... try it. When you change it, don't... try it. When you change it, don't... ask a lot of questions. I don't understand what ask a lot of questions. I don't understand what ask a lot of questions. I don't understand what I'm saying. I know I do it and that I'm saying. I know I do it and that I'm saying. I know I do it and that works. works. works. When I put it here, it's like it When I put it here, it's like it When I put it here, it's like it You have to put the Wayne in because there You have to put the Wayne in because there You have to put the Wayne in because there Weight, you understand? Calculate for Weight, you understand? Calculate for Weight, you understand? Calculate for later understand when there is a cat later understand when there is a cat later understand when there is a cat Inside, do you understand? If you don't Inside, do you understand? If you don't Inside, do you understand? If you don't You put Wayne, understand that there's a cat You put Wayne, understand that there's a cat You put Wayne, understand that there's a cat inside. [music] inside. [music] inside. [music] Way Way Way Hey Hey Hey It is happening. It's being cleaned there. It is happening. It's being cleaned there. It is happening. It's being cleaned there. With this you can clean it manually if With this you can clean it manually if With this you can clean it manually if you want to or with that button. Otherwise, you have you want to or with that button. Otherwise, you have you want to or with that button. Otherwise, you have what to put here. Do you see that it says "cover" here? what to put here. Do you see that it says "cover" here? what to put here. Do you see that it says "cover" here? is loose? is loose? is loose? It's like it takes over when this is without It's like it takes over when this is without It's like it takes over when this is without when you take it out. when you take it out. when you take it out. Okay. Yes, because we took it out for Bueno, Okay. Yes, because we took it out for Bueno, Okay. Yes, because we took it out for Bueno, It will warn you, and if it's not okay It will warn you, and if it's not okay It will warn you, and if it's not okay Well, it's not going to work, I mean, it won't work Well, it's not going to work, I mean, it won't work Well, it's not going to work, I mean, it won't work She's going to clean. Okay. And you have to put She's going to clean. Okay. And you have to put She's going to clean. Okay. And you have to put suck it, it's fide suck it, it's fide suck it, it's fide He didn't like it one bit. [ __ ] went out. He didn't like it one bit. [ __ ] went out. He didn't like it one bit. [ __ ] went out. And you have to specify how often you want it to happen. And you have to specify how often you want it to happen. And you have to specify how often you want it to happen. that that that clean it. How often do you set it (minutes)? clean it. How often do you set it (minutes)? clean it. How often do you set it (minutes)? I think I have half an hour. I think I have half an hour. I think I have half an hour. Okay. The maximum. What is the maximum? Okay. The maximum. What is the maximum? Okay. The maximum. What is the maximum? Half an hour. Okay. Half an hour. Okay. Half an hour. Okay. It should be cleaned every half hour. It should be cleaned every half hour. It should be cleaned every half hour. Ready. Ready. Ready. Look at this technology. And there Look at this technology. And there Look at this technology. And there If there's poop or pee in there, right? But in this If there's poop or pee in there, right? But in this If there's poop or pee in there, right? But in this There's nothing happening right now. There's nothing happening right now. There's nothing happening right now. How brilliant. Who's the biggest bastard? How brilliant. Who's the biggest bastard? How brilliant. Who's the biggest bastard? of the two? And there it is. of the two? And there it is. of the two? And there it is. chummeando. Andí [music] chummeando. Andí [music] chummeando. Andí [music] For me, it's already clear that they've seen the sand. For me, it's already clear that they've seen the sand. For me, it's already clear that they've seen the sand. They understand. For me They understand. For me They understand. For me Yes, but you see, it's a strange thing Yes, but you see, it's a strange thing Yes, but you see, it's a strange thing It's dark, it moves, it makes a little noise. It's dark, it moves, it makes a little noise. It's dark, it moves, it makes a little noise. No, no, how sweet. Oh, God. I love them. No, no, how sweet. Oh, God. I love them. No, no, how sweet. Oh, God. I love them. [music] I'm in love with God and the [music] I'm in love with God and the [music] I'm in love with God and the I love it. And that's where it appears in the app. HE I love it. And that's where it appears in the app. HE I love it. And that's where it appears in the app. HE It assumes a cut inside. It assumes a cut inside. It assumes a cut inside. Yes. Let's see, [music] Yes. Let's see, [music] Yes. Let's see, [music] Miguel got in right away. Miguel got in right away. Miguel got in right away. Oh, I'll record them later for R. Oh, I'll record them later for R. Oh, I'll record them later for R. Look, Ken. Look, Ken. Look, Ken. Ah, because Kenny does that when he... Ah, because Kenny does that when he... Ah, because Kenny does that when he... I change the pebbles. I change the pebbles. I change the pebbles. Well, he already understood that they are pebbles. My Well, he already understood that they are pebbles. My Well, he already understood that they are pebbles. My a more beautiful life. Fat. Fat. Fat. Here goes your first Here goes your first Here goes your first first [ __ ]. first [ __ ]. first [ __ ]. First use. First use. First use. Oh, I bought a little rug for Oh, I bought a little rug for Oh, I bought a little rug for Ah, the first use. Ah, the first use. Ah, the first use. It didn't take him long to understand. It didn't take him long to understand. It didn't take him long to understand. How chubby. I had a craving for some How chubby. I had a craving for some How chubby. I had a craving for some clean sands. A pee is clean sands. A pee is clean sands. A pee is throwing. Can you hear it? A shelf was throwing. Can you hear it? A shelf was throwing. Can you hear it? A shelf was doing. Oh, we're two idiots doing. Oh, we're two idiots doing. Oh, we're two idiots recording. A cat being mischievous. I'm recording. A cat being mischievous. I'm recording. A cat being mischievous. I'm recording configuring recording. [laughs] Oh, what a fool. Oh, what a fool. Oh, what a fool. Well, look, it stayed here. I put it here. Already Well, look, it stayed here. I put it here. Already Well, look, it stayed here. I put it here. Already I took the other one out. I put this new one on. Already the I took the other one out. I put this new one on. Already the I took the other one out. I put this new one on. Already the They used. Here's poop and peace. Brilliant. They used. Here's poop and peace. Brilliant. They used. Here's poop and peace. Brilliant. This is because these stones... This is because these stones... This is because these stones... It happened that because of what I didn't use It happened that because of what I didn't use It happened that because of what I didn't use stones that bind together in the others stones that bind together in the others stones that bind together in the others the other one in the other thing that I had, the other one in the other thing that I had, the other one in the other thing that I had, It was because they throw a lot of stones It was because they throw a lot of stones It was because they throw a lot of stones Outside when they poop and when they pee, huh? AND Outside when they poop and when they pee, huh? AND Outside when they poop and when they pee, huh? AND Those stones are a real pain to sweep up. Is Those stones are a real pain to sweep up. Is Those stones are a real pain to sweep up. Is I don't know, besides, on the floor that I I don't know, besides, on the floor that I I don't know, besides, on the floor that I I have them, they're not visible, so they're never there. I have them, they're not visible, so they're never there. I have them, they're not visible, so they're never there. I saw them and stepped on them. So I bought I saw them and stepped on them. So I bought I saw them and stepped on them. So I bought that little rug that does the following: that little rug that does the following: that little rug that does the following: When they throw stones, the When they throw stones, the When they throw stones, the stones there and don't scatter all over the stones there and don't scatter all over the stones there and don't scatter all over the home. But anyway, I took advantage and home. But anyway, I took advantage and home. But anyway, I took advantage and I tidied the whole house. I was left, come, me I tidied the whole house. I was left, come, me I tidied the whole house. I was left, come, me I was completely, the whole house was like that I was completely, the whole house was like that I was completely, the whole house was like that orderly. I tidied everything, I tidied the bathroom, orderly. I tidied everything, I tidied the bathroom, orderly. I tidied everything, I tidied the bathroom, I tidied the room, I tidied I tidied the room, I tidied I tidied the room, I tidied absolutely everything and I'm eager to absolutely everything and I'm eager to absolutely everything and I'm eager to eat. You're probably already thinking, eat. You're probably already thinking, eat. You're probably already thinking, "But Cie, you still don't have ANAF?" Me too "But Cie, you still don't have ANAF?" Me too "But Cie, you still don't have ANAF?" Me too I'm going to tell them, "No, I don't have a stove, I'm going to tell them, "No, I don't have a stove, I'm going to tell them, "No, I don't have a stove, But I have a solution because Mother But I have a solution because Mother But I have a solution because Mother Cookie solved it, because I'm a woman Cookie solved it, because I'm a woman Cookie solved it, because I'm a woman that solves." I bought that solves." I bought that solves." I bought This is a two-burner electric stove This is a two-burner electric stove This is a two-burner electric stove stoves, which obviously do not have the stoves, which obviously do not have the stoves, which obviously do not have the same power as the anfe of the same power as the anfe of the same power as the anfe of the It's a kitchen, but it serves the purpose I need it for. It's a kitchen, but it serves the purpose I need it for. It's a kitchen, but it serves the purpose I need it for. Why do I need it? make noodles, Why do I need it? make noodles, Why do I need it? make noodles, to make rattles, it's useful for cooking a to make rattles, it's useful for cooking a to make rattles, it's useful for cooking a Meat, it's good for literally everything. Meat, it's good for literally everything. Meat, it's good for literally everything. that I need. So that I need. So that I need. So nothing, and with this, ugh, you can't see a thing. nothing, and with this, ugh, you can't see a thing. nothing, and with this, ugh, you can't see a thing. So that's it, with this and the little oven So that's it, with this and the little oven So that's it, with this and the little oven I'm just surviving, and the truth is that I'm just surviving, and the truth is that I'm just surviving, and the truth is that I'm doing great, I mean, I can't complain. I'm doing great, I mean, I can't complain. I'm doing great, I mean, I can't complain. absolute. Seriously, this was a great absolute. Seriously, this was a great absolute. Seriously, this was a great buys. If you are having problems with an ANAF buys. If you are having problems with an ANAF buys. If you are having problems with an ANAF electric, this is a solution electric, this is a solution electric, this is a solution relatively cheap for what it is relatively cheap for what it is relatively cheap for what it is a real solution to the problem, which I have a real solution to the problem, which I have a real solution to the problem, which I have to talk to the owner who hasn't yet to talk to the owner who hasn't yet to talk to the owner who hasn't yet I spoke, I'm procrastinating because I spoke, I'm procrastinating because I spoke, I'm procrastinating because There's nothing that bores me more than There's nothing that bores me more than There's nothing that bores me more than talk to the owner, not because the owner talk to the owner, not because the owner talk to the owner, not because the owner I'm a [ __ ] idiot. In fact, I don't know I'm a [ __ ] idiot. In fact, I don't know I'm a [ __ ] idiot. In fact, I don't know The owner, I speak with a real estate agency, The owner, I speak with a real estate agency, The owner, I speak with a real estate agency, But I'm too lazy about the situation, I don't know. So But I'm too lazy about the situation, I don't know. So But I'm too lazy about the situation, I don't know. So Nothing, I'm going to make some little figures with Nothing, I'm going to make some little figures with Nothing, I'm going to make some little figures with butter with a breaded cutlet that I found in butter with a breaded cutlet that I found in butter with a breaded cutlet that I found in the freezer, which I thought I didn't have the freezer, which I thought I didn't have the freezer, which I thought I didn't have breaded cutlet in the freezer. I have to do breaded cutlet in the freezer. I have to do breaded cutlet in the freezer. I have to do I need to make a purchase and restock. I need to make a purchase and restock. I need to make a purchase and restock. I'll get it at the supermarket tomorrow. I'll get it at the supermarket tomorrow. I'll get it at the supermarket tomorrow. because I have nothing. And I found that because I have nothing. And I found that because I have nothing. And I found that breaded cutlet there alone [scream] in the freezer. breaded cutlet there alone [scream] in the freezer. breaded cutlet there alone [scream] in the freezer. In fact, I have to wash the Tupperware. In fact, I have to wash the Tupperware. In fact, I have to wash the Tupperware. because the breaded cutlet was there all alone. because the breaded cutlet was there all alone. because the breaded cutlet was there all alone. in a Tupperware container that nobody knows where it came from, in a Tupperware container that nobody knows where it came from, in a Tupperware container that nobody knows where it came from, when it is, what it is about. I think it is when it is, what it is about. I think it is when it is, what it is about. I think it is chicken. But anyway, that's going to be my chicken. But anyway, that's going to be my chicken. But anyway, that's going to be my Today's dinner and I'm cooking with Today's dinner and I'm cooking with Today's dinner and I'm cooking with this. So, if you want it, that's fine. this. So, if you want it, that's fine. this. So, if you want it, that's fine. buy, this, for now they buy, this, for now they buy, this, for now they I recommend it. It's helping me to I recommend it. It's helping me to I recommend it. It's helping me to What I need is a steak, a What I need is a steak, a What I need is a steak, a Steak takes the same amount of time, as do noodles and rice. Steak takes the same amount of time, as do noodles and rice. Steak takes the same amount of time, as do noodles and rice. in a vegetable stir-fry. For now, everything in a vegetable stir-fry. For now, everything in a vegetable stir-fry. For now, everything What I did worked for me. What is it? I don't What I did worked for me. What is it? I don't What I did worked for me. What is it? I don't I don't know how long it will last or what its power is. I don't know how long it will last or what its power is. I don't know how long it will last or what its power is. The one she has, but oh well, for now this The one she has, but oh well, for now this The one she has, but oh well, for now this If anyone needs it, I'll give it to them. If anyone needs it, I'll give it to them. If anyone needs it, I'll give it to them. I recommend it. Well, look, this is my I recommend it. Well, look, this is my I recommend it. Well, look, this is my dinner, a breaded cutlet with lots of... dinner, a breaded cutlet with lots of... dinner, a breaded cutlet with lots of... too much ketchup. They hurt me too much ketchup. They hurt me too much ketchup. They hurt me ovaries, I'm about to get sick and ovaries, I'm about to get sick and ovaries, I'm about to get sick and Honestly, I feel like crap, and not today. Honestly, I feel like crap, and not today. Honestly, I feel like crap, and not today. I stopped for a second, so I think it's a I stopped for a second, so I think it's a I stopped for a second, so I think it's a a well-deserved dinner for me. I didn't have a well-deserved dinner for me. I didn't have a well-deserved dinner for me. I didn't have hunger, to be honest, but I know that if not hunger, to be honest, but I know that if not hunger, to be honest, but I know that if not I was eating and I was going to get even hungrier I was eating and I was going to get even hungrier I was eating and I was going to get even hungrier It's late and I really want to go It's late and I really want to go It's late and I really want to go I'm sleeping and I don't want to be asleep while I'm sleeping. I'm sleeping and I don't want to be asleep while I'm sleeping. I'm sleeping and I don't want to be asleep while I'm sleeping. I got hungry from sleeping, so I got hungry from sleeping, so I got hungry from sleeping, so I said, well, let's go eat and breast and I said, well, let's go eat and breast and I said, well, let's go eat and breast and end. So I made myself something quite rich end. So I made myself something quite rich end. So I made myself something quite rich so I can eat it, but they hurt a lot so I can eat it, but they hurt a lot so I can eat it, but they hurt a lot my ovaries and that makes my ovaries hurt my ovaries and that makes my ovaries hurt my ovaries and that makes my ovaries hurt belly. So I'm going to have dinner while watching my belly. So I'm going to have dinner while watching my belly. So I'm going to have dinner while watching my The series I'm currently watching, the law of The series I'm currently watching, the law of The series I'm currently watching, the law of The bold ones, their site is in English. And that's it. The bold ones, their site is in English. And that's it. The bold ones, their site is in English. And that's it. Okay, let's try this. That sight, Okay, let's try this. That sight, Okay, let's try this. That sight, Guys, I don't know when it's coming, but in the meantime Guys, I don't know when it's coming, but in the meantime Guys, I don't know when it's coming, but in the meantime It's in the freezer, it's fine, it's from It's in the freezer, it's fine, it's from It's in the freezer, it's fine, it's from chicken. chicken. chicken. Health. Mm. So anyway, now he's probably... So anyway, now he's probably... So anyway, now he's probably... I've had to call with the UT and while I'm having dinner I've had to call with the UT and while I'm having dinner I've had to call with the UT and while I'm having dinner And that's the end of my day, I can't take it anymore. And that's the end of my day, I can't take it anymore. And that's the end of my day, I can't take it anymore. [music] I want to sleep. Hello, I appear [music] I want to sleep. Hello, I appear [music] I want to sleep. Hello, I appear at Lautaro's house on Wednesday. at Lautaro's house on Wednesday. at Lautaro's house on Wednesday. What's the problem on Wednesday? What's the problem on Wednesday? What's the problem on Wednesday? We don't have much because it's 11 o'clock. We don't have much because it's 11 o'clock. We don't have much because it's 11 o'clock. evening, evening, evening, But there's going to be a lot. Eating cereal. But there's going to be a lot. Eating cereal. But there's going to be a lot. Eating cereal. There's a lot going on, there's going to be a lot. Because, what There's a lot going on, there's going to be a lot. Because, what There's a lot going on, there's going to be a lot. Because, what Did this happen today? In the morning I Did this happen today? In the morning I Did this happen today? In the morning I I came early to take Misu, I came early to take Misu, I came early to take Misu, le fon a dar un antibiotic para que le fon a dar un antibiotic para que le fon a dar un antibiotic para que be well. And today it is, be well. And today it is, be well. And today it is, Can I count? Can I count? Can I count? Queen, Queen, Queen, The boy who usually serves us didn't attend to us. The boy who usually serves us didn't attend to us. The boy who usually serves us didn't attend to us. always at the vet. He attended to us always at the vet. He attended to us always at the vet. He attended to us one that I also bank, but it's one that I also bank, but it's one that I also bank, but it's brute. brute. brute. Yes, I mean, we're not coming. Hey, the kid who Yes, I mean, we're not coming. Hey, the kid who Yes, I mean, we're not coming. Hey, the kid who He always takes care of Michu, he's a kind of... He always takes care of Michu, he's a kind of... He always takes care of Michu, he's a kind of... divine. The other day, actually, I already stopped. divine. The other day, actually, I already stopped. divine. The other day, actually, I already stopped. happens happens happens the creepy. the creepy. the creepy. Clear. The other day, what's his name? He Clear. The other day, what's his name? He Clear. The other day, what's his name? He that you that you that you that I see your pulse. that I see your pulse. that I see your pulse. No, the one you listen to the tutun with. No, the one you listen to the tutun with. No, the one you listen to the tutun with. No, not the speculum. Spur, No, not the speculum. Spur, No, not the speculum. Spur, speculum speculum speculum No. The speculum is what they see you with. The No. The speculum is what they see you with. The No. The speculum is what they see you with. The papulus. Well, the one who listens to the thing and the Well, the one who listens to the thing and the Well, the one who listens to the thing and the Chavón was supported for Chavón was supported for Chavón was supported for I'd also listen to it, kind of like... I'd also listen to it, kind of like... I'd also listen to it, kind of like... Hugging her was like it was too much, it was Hugging her was like it was too much, it was Hugging her was like it was too much, it was I removed it, but it was too much. And this I removed it, but it was too much. And this I removed it, but it was too much. And this kid [laughs] he pulled it out of the one of the kid [laughs] he pulled it out of the one of the kid [laughs] he pulled it out of the one of the conveyor thus conveyor thus conveyor thus She's involved here, isn't she? In the She's involved here, isn't she? In the She's involved here, isn't she? In the the conveyor belt grabs like this, it starts the conveyor belt grabs like this, it starts the conveyor belt grabs like this, it starts do it this way. do it this way. do it this way. He started shaking the conveyor belt to He started shaking the conveyor belt to He started shaking the conveyor belt to take it out of the baby. Something about me that take it out of the baby. Something about me that take it out of the baby. Something about me that What I like about this place is that I feel that What I like about this place is that I feel that What I like about this place is that I feel that in veterinary clinics a little bit in veterinary clinics a little bit in veterinary clinics a little bit They take advantage of people. They take advantage of people. They take advantage of people. Yes, it's a renegotiation. Yes, it's a renegotiation. Yes, it's a renegotiation. Because you don't know, you're worried Because you don't know, you're worried Because you don't know, you're worried for your cat and you say do everything you for your cat and you say do everything you for your cat and you say do everything you I'll pay you for it if you want. I'll pay you for it if you want. I'll pay you for it if you want. Each checkup costs you 80,000 Each checkup costs you 80,000 Each checkup costs you 80,000 pesos. Not this one, pesos. Not this one, pesos. Not this one, No. In this place, the checkups are No. In this place, the checkups are No. In this place, the checkups are free unless they make you free unless they make you free unless they make you something. Unless you get vaccinated, you'll be fired. something. Unless you get vaccinated, you'll be fired. something. Unless you get vaccinated, you'll be fired. the vaccine. But today it was the antibiotic the vaccine. But today it was the antibiotic the vaccine. But today it was the antibiotic It must be in the price of the It must be in the price of the It must be in the price of the castration. But to set an example, to the castration. But to set an example, to the castration. But to set an example, to the As a veteran, I'm going there, and they charge 70,000. As a veteran, I'm going there, and they charge 70,000. As a veteran, I'm going there, and they charge 70,000. the consultation. Dude, you go and say, the consultation. Dude, you go and say, the consultation. Dude, you go and say, "Hello, my cat is sick." They didn't do it to him "Hello, my cat is sick." They didn't do it to him "Hello, my cat is sick." They didn't do it to him nothing. 70 grand and it's like if they do it to him nothing. 70 grand and it's like if they do it to him nothing. 70 grand and it's like if they do it to him Something is 70 plus whatever they do to it. It is a Something is 70 plus whatever they do to it. It is a Something is 70 plus whatever they do to it. It is a band too. And what I like about this is that band too. And what I like about this is that band too. And what I like about this is that They are grown people. They are grown people. They are grown people. It's very much a neighborhood thing, too. It's very much a neighborhood thing, too. It's very much a neighborhood thing, too. But they are grown people. Like you don't But they are grown people. Like you don't But they are grown people. Like you don't They're going around in circles, you see? Today we went to do They're going around in circles, you see? Today we went to do They're going around in circles, you see? Today we went to do the cat's check-up, she took her out like that, she the cat's check-up, she took her out like that, she the cat's check-up, she took her out like that, she He put the thing in. Okay, bring it to me in 10 He put the thing in. Okay, bring it to me in 10 He put the thing in. Okay, bring it to me in 10 days, he told me. days, he told me. days, he told me. Yes, but well, hold me back, I'm going to Yes, but well, hold me back, I'm going to Yes, but well, hold me back, I'm going to breathe. breathe. breathe. To trick her into coming. To trick her into coming. To trick her into coming. Hi, ma. Hi, ma. Hi, ma. No, but oh well, it's great, but oh well. No, but oh well, it's great, but oh well. No, but oh well, it's great, but oh well. We went to do that. From there we went to We went to do that. From there we went to We went to do that. From there we went to gym and from the gym we returned to my gym and from the gym we returned to my gym and from the gym we returned to my home because she had to work and home because she had to work and home because she had to work and literally stayed working until literally stayed working until literally stayed working until that we realized. Hey, they're like... that we realized. Hey, they're like... that we realized. Hey, they're like... 10. 10. 10. Telling more of the story. Telling more of the story. Telling more of the story. I fell asleep I fell asleep I fell asleep together. We give each other a basket. together. We give each other a basket. together. We give each other a basket. Yes, we took a nap in the Yes, we took a nap in the Yes, we took a nap in the We sat down in the armchair and started watching Ultimatum. We sat down in the armchair and started watching Ultimatum. We sat down in the armchair and started watching Ultimatum. because we had lunch. We've come, Ultimatum, because we had lunch. We've come, Ultimatum, because we had lunch. We've come, Ultimatum, We fell asleep on the couch and We fell asleep on the couch and We fell asleep on the couch and Of course, he was late to Of course, he was late to Of course, he was late to work. Then he got to work and work. Then he got to work and work. Then he got to work and At one point it was 9 o'clock At one point it was 9 o'clock At one point it was 9 o'clock tonight and this beer, we have to go to your tonight and this beer, we have to go to your tonight and this beer, we have to go to your home because Michu can't again home because Michu can't again home because Michu can't again sleep alone. Dude, no, you didn't sleep last night. sleep alone. Dude, no, you didn't sleep last night. sleep alone. Dude, no, you didn't sleep last night. alone, but I mean, Michu can't sleep alone, but I mean, Michu can't sleep alone, but I mean, Michu can't sleep Alone, we have to go back to your house. So Alone, we have to go back to your house. So Alone, we have to go back to your house. So We came here and we're going to We came here and we're going to We came here and we're going to We'll make ourselves food right now and then We'll make ourselves food right now and then We'll make ourselves food right now and then We're going to take a bath and we've got everything skinc We're going to take a bath and we've got everything skinc We're going to take a bath and we've got everything skinc to make us. I want to shave him, to make us. I want to shave him, to make us. I want to shave him, He's going to shave me, I don't have much hair, but He's going to shave me, I don't have much hair, but He's going to shave me, I don't have much hair, but Because I like the way he wears his beard Because I like the way he wears his beard Because I like the way he wears his beard It remains, in fact it is the first It remains, in fact it is the first It remains, in fact it is the first person in my life that I like how they are person in my life that I like how they are person in my life that I like how they are I keep the beard, because I hate beards. I keep the beard, because I hate beards. I keep the beard, because I hate beards. I detest her with all my being; she seems to me to be... I detest her with all my being; she seems to me to be... I detest her with all my being; she seems to me to be... uglier than a man can have, but uglier than a man can have, but uglier than a man can have, but It looks good on him. What is the It looks good on him. What is the It looks good on him. What is the problem? Nice beard. Yeah, problem? Nice beard. Yeah, problem? Nice beard. Yeah, It's 11 pm and I don't know It's 11 pm and I don't know It's 11 pm and I don't know I don't hear anything from my neighbors because I don't hear anything from my neighbors because I don't hear anything from my neighbors because We're in the kitchen. [laughs] I can imagine We're in the kitchen. [laughs] I can imagine We're in the kitchen. [laughs] I can imagine My neighbor is listening to the time out of nowhere. My neighbor is listening to the time out of nowhere. My neighbor is listening to the time out of nowhere. I have a good beard. I have a good beard. I have a good beard. Besides, who were they talking to so much? Besides, who were they talking to so much? Besides, who were they talking to so much? 11 PM 11 PM 11 PM a good beard, a good beard, a good beard, Yes, but it gives me allergies because I Yes, but it gives me allergies because I Yes, but it gives me allergies because I I have very allergic skin and he puts us I have very allergic skin and he puts us I have very allergic skin and he puts us We went to sleep, he lay down on me We went to sleep, he lay down on me We went to sleep, he lay down on me chest. Boom! Literally, it seemed like a chest. Boom! Literally, it seemed like a chest. Boom! Literally, it seemed like a rash from that minivito rash from that minivito rash from that minivito It gives me a rash, so we have to It gives me a rash, so we have to It gives me a rash, so we have to to take it out with chili. In fact, I to take it out with chili. In fact, I to take it out with chili. In fact, I When I met him, he wasn't easily fooled. When I met him, he wasn't easily fooled. When I met him, he wasn't easily fooled. chilet, chilet, chilet, not just with a machine. not just with a machine. not just with a machine. So now So now So now But first But first But first Let's eat because I'm hungry. Let's eat because I'm hungry. Let's eat because I'm hungry. And what are we going to eat? And what are we going to eat? And what are we going to eat? And we're going to eat some meat with And we're going to eat some meat with And we're going to eat some meat with small salad. small salad. small salad. I propose something to you. I propose something to you. I propose something to you. I'm getting drunk on the salad, you're getting drunk on the I'm getting drunk on the salad, you're getting drunk on the I'm getting drunk on the salad, you're getting drunk on the meat. Were you thinking that, Jodm? That meat. Were you thinking that, Jodm? That meat. Were you thinking that, Jodm? That You were thinking that. You were thinking that. You were thinking that. That's literally what it was. That's literally what it was. That's literally what it was. You were literally thinking that. You were literally thinking that. You were literally thinking that. I already thought about it. I already thought about it. I already thought about it. And you said it. And you said it. And you said it. Guys, this is the last time I say that. Guys, this is the last time I say that. Guys, this is the last time I say that. We spent a lot of time together. It must be We spent a lot of time together. It must be We spent a lot of time together. It must be That's why, but we're blending in That's why, but we're blending in That's why, but we're blending in what we think and it's kind of literally what we think and it's kind of literally what we think and it's kind of literally You say one thing and it's like, oh, I... You say one thing and it's like, oh, I... You say one thing and it's like, oh, I... I was going to say the same thing. I was going to say the same thing. I was going to say the same thing. My dad said when that happened My dad said when that happened My dad said when that happened transmission of thought. transmission of thought. transmission of thought. It was as if he were certain of it. I love you. Watch out, what about It was as if he were certain of it. I love you. Watch out, what about It was as if he were certain of it. I love you. Watch out, what about Where do you grab it? I am very Where do you grab it? I am very Where do you grab it? I am very overprotective of my baby. The bark. overprotective of my baby. The bark. overprotective of my baby. The bark. How is the cortecha? How is the cortecha? How is the cortecha? Is he/she feeling better now, or can't you tell him/her? Is he/she feeling better now, or can't you tell him/her? Is he/she feeling better now, or can't you tell him/her? Daddy, "Hi daddy, [music] I'm one year old Daddy, "Hi daddy, [music] I'm one year old Daddy, "Hi daddy, [music] I'm one year old and 6 months." and 6 months." and 6 months." I'm not a baby. Don't tell me she isn't I'm not a baby. Don't tell me she isn't I'm not a baby. Don't tell me she isn't baby. Please comment if this is correct. baby. Please comment if this is correct. baby. Please comment if this is correct. baby or not. baby or not. baby or not. She's a daddy's baby. She is now one year old. She's a daddy's baby. She is now one year old. She's a daddy's baby. She is now one year old. and 6 months. He doesn't eat anymore. and 6 months. He doesn't eat anymore. and 6 months. He doesn't eat anymore. The comments will tell you. The comments will tell you. The comments will tell you. He doesn't eat anymore. Kiten. He doesn't eat anymore. Kiten. He doesn't eat anymore. Kiten. But look at your baby. But look at your baby. But look at your baby. He'll always be your baby. He'll always be your baby. He'll always be your baby. But Kitten doesn't eat anymore. My my But Kitten doesn't eat anymore. My my But Kitten doesn't eat anymore. My my Okay, let's eat. Yes. You Okay, let's eat. Yes. You Okay, let's eat. Yes. You You took care of the meat, and I'll take care of it. You took care of the meat, and I'll take care of it. You took care of the meat, and I'll take care of it. of the salad. Well, when we cook of the salad. Well, when we cook of the salad. Well, when we cook The two of them, he takes care of his, that is, The two of them, he takes care of his, that is, The two of them, he takes care of his, that is, We're pretty much the same in that respect. He We're pretty much the same in that respect. He We're pretty much the same in that respect. He He takes care of what he's doing and I He takes care of what he's doing and I He takes care of what he's doing and I I don't get involved. And I'll take care of what I I don't get involved. And I'll take care of what I I don't get involved. And I'll take care of what I I'm doing what I'm doing and I'm not getting involved. While I'm doing what I'm doing and I'm not getting involved. While I'm doing what I'm doing and I'm not getting involved. While We both focused on a video that We both focused on a video that We both focused on a video that Now we are looking at Paul's Now we are looking at Paul's Now we are looking at Paul's Augustine, but if not, we also see you Augustine, but if not, we also see you Augustine, but if not, we also see you Lady's. Nothing is called. No no. We usually Lady's. Nothing is called. No no. We usually Lady's. Nothing is called. No no. We usually We recently did the video thing, We recently did the video thing, We recently did the video thing, the last two times, but the last two times, but the last two times, but But you always put on a video and I But you always put on a video and I But you always put on a video and I I only hear that lately I only hear that lately I only hear that lately we are choosing the two that we are choosing the two that we are choosing the two that I want to believe I'm with Capuchin. I want to believe I'm with Capuchin. I want to believe I'm with Capuchin. at my house at 11 pm because at my house at 11 pm because at my house at 11 pm because I have very long hair and I'm very I have very long hair and I'm very I have very long hair and I'm very disheveled. disheveled. disheveled. Yeah, he's a [ __ ] weirdo and you walk around Yeah, he's a [ __ ] weirdo and you walk around Yeah, he's a [ __ ] weirdo and you walk around by hooded with a hood in your house at by hooded with a hood in your house at by hooded with a hood in your house at 11. 11. 11. I'm a [ __ ] weirdo. I can't use I'm a [ __ ] weirdo. I can't use I'm a [ __ ] weirdo. I can't use hood. [laughs] Let's see the princess. [snort] Let's see the princess. [snort] Let's see the princess. [snort] No, it didn't come out because of snot. No, it didn't come out because of snot. No, it didn't come out because of snot. It never came out in my life. Let's see, maybe It never came out in my life. Let's see, maybe It never came out in my life. Let's see, maybe now that I'm using a hood now that I'm using a hood now that I'm using a hood for a little while, I don't have very long hair and for a little while, I don't have very long hair and for a little while, I don't have very long hair and I do it at the gym too. As I do it at the gym too. As I do it at the gym too. As My hair is so long, I put it on My hair is so long, I put it on My hair is so long, I put it on hood sometimes. hood sometimes. hood sometimes. But it's okay, people wore hoods. But it's okay, people wore hoods. But it's okay, people wore hoods. Alright. But anyway, I'm Alright. But anyway, I'm Alright. But anyway, I'm taking charge of the little salad we're going to taking charge of the little salad we're going to taking charge of the little salad we're going to to do. Cherry tomato, arugula and salad to do. Cherry tomato, arugula and salad to do. Cherry tomato, arugula and salad cheese, which is my favorite salad. You do whatever you want. Ah, he recovered You do whatever you want. Ah, he recovered You do whatever you want. Ah, he recovered cry. cry. cry. I'll send it to you now. I'll send it to you now. I'll send it to you now. I'll put it here. No, look at the bandage on this salad. No, look at the bandage on this salad. No, look at the bandage on this salad. Look, it doesn't look terrible. Scream. Look, it doesn't look terrible. Scream. Look, it doesn't look terrible. Scream. Go ahead, Go ahead, Go ahead, go ahead. [shout] go ahead. [shout] go ahead. [shout] Can't. Can't. Can't. Look at this. Oh, Look at this. Oh, Look at this. Oh, Look at what our dinner is. Look at that Look at what our dinner is. Look at that Look at what our dinner is. Look at that piece of meat. I don't know, I just don't want to piece of meat. I don't know, I just don't want to piece of meat. I don't know, I just don't want to overturn. We're going to eat at 12 o'clock. overturn. We're going to eat at 12 o'clock. overturn. We're going to eat at 12 o'clock. night, but we're going to eat a piece of night, but we're going to eat a piece of night, but we're going to eat a piece of meat. Did I ever tell you that I meat. Did I ever tell you that I meat. Did I ever tell you that I I always thought that a piece of meat could I always thought that a piece of meat could I always thought that a piece of meat could to be a great name for a to be a great name for a to be a great name for a butcher shop and nobody supported that idea. butcher shop and nobody supported that idea. butcher shop and nobody supported that idea. But there has to be one called But there has to be one called But there has to be one called piece of meat. piece of meat. piece of meat. No, listen to me, listen to me. Let's go to the No, listen to me, listen to me. Let's go to the No, listen to me, listen to me. Let's go to the grilled piece of meat. Cacho, yes, it grilled piece of meat. Cacho, yes, it grilled piece of meat. Cacho, yes, it of a piece, yes, but a piece of meat. And my of a piece, yes, but a piece of meat. And my of a piece, yes, but a piece of meat. And my Dad's name is Eduardo. The Eduardos Dad's name is Eduardo. The Eduardos Dad's name is Eduardo. The Eduardos They say piece. Piece of meat. They say piece. Piece of meat. They say piece. Piece of meat. The Carlos family doesn't call him a "cacho" (piece). The Carlos family doesn't call him a "cacho" (piece). The Carlos family doesn't call him a "cacho" (piece). No way, my dad was told all his life No way, my dad was told all his life No way, my dad was told all his life chub. So chub. So chub. So My grandfather was called "cacho" his whole life. My grandfather was called "cacho" his whole life. My grandfather was called "cacho" his whole life. And it's Carlos. Well, my brother And it's Carlos. Well, my brother And it's Carlos. Well, my brother They said "piece". To my brother. To my dad They said "piece". To my brother. To my dad They said "piece". To my brother. To my dad They called him a piece of [ __ ]. And he was my grandfather, They called him a piece of [ __ ]. And he was my grandfather, They called him a piece of [ __ ]. And he was my grandfather, It was Grandpa Cacho, who was the grandfather It was Grandpa Cacho, who was the grandfather It was Grandpa Cacho, who was the grandfather Eduardo. And my dad is Cacho. I already feel it Eduardo. And my dad is Cacho. I already feel it Eduardo. And my dad is Cacho. I already feel it that the word "cacho" does not exist. The that the word "cacho" does not exist. The that the word "cacho" does not exist. The We said a lot. We said a lot. We said a lot. Cacho is Pepe. We have to buy each other. Cacho is Pepe. We have to buy each other. Cacho is Pepe. We have to buy each other. We already said it with Lauti, because when We already said it with Lauti, because when We already said it with Lauti, because when We come to your house, we eat here in the We come to your house, we eat here in the We come to your house, we eat here in the bed. No, not always, but lately bed. No, not always, but lately bed. No, not always, but lately We're watching Ultimatum, we're eating at We're watching Ultimatum, we're eating at We're watching Ultimatum, we're eating at We don't have the bed and we don't have the bedside tables. Us We don't have the bed and we don't have the bedside tables. Us We don't have the bed and we don't have the bedside tables. Us We need to buy two small tables for We need to buy two small tables for We need to buy two small tables for eating here in bed. Tomorrow we could eating here in bed. Tomorrow we could eating here in bed. Tomorrow we could Go to a bazaar and buy them. Because in the Go to a bazaar and buy them. Because in the Go to a bazaar and buy them. Because in the They sell on the corner of my house. After They sell on the corner of my house. After They sell on the corner of my house. After We bought. to buy four, two for We bought. to buy four, two for We bought. to buy four, two for me, and two for you. Go ahead, put it on. me, and two for you. Go ahead, put it on. me, and two for you. Go ahead, put it on. ultimatum. We are seeing an ultimatum. Already ultimatum. We are seeing an ultimatum. Already ultimatum. We are seeing an ultimatum. Already Let's go for season two. Believe Let's go for season two. Believe Let's go for season two. Believe I already told you we were going I already told you we were going I already told you we were going Ultimatum. We're on season two. Ultimatum. We're on season two. Ultimatum. We're on season two. It's at its limit. Yes, it's great. Look, the It's at its limit. Yes, it's great. Look, the It's at its limit. Yes, it's great. Look, the Season two is much spicier than Season two is much spicier than Season two is much spicier than season one. season one. season one. Yes, they can all go to hell. Yes, they can all go to hell. Yes, they can all go to hell. Basically Basically Basically They're all sons of [ __ ]. They're all sons of [ __ ]. They're all sons of [ __ ]. A pregnancy is coming, A pregnancy is coming, A pregnancy is coming, There's everything. Okay, let's do a There's everything. Okay, let's do a There's everything. Okay, let's do a mess. mess. mess. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I'm not really that big of a fan of it. I'm not really that big of a fan of it. I'm not really that big of a fan of it. bed, but I like doing it with you. bed, but I like doing it with you. bed, but I like doing it with you. It just doesn't seem to appeal to me. It just doesn't seem to appeal to me. It just doesn't seem to appeal to me. No. It's just very much a "No, we've seen this before" kind of thing. No. It's just very much a "No, we've seen this before" kind of thing. No. It's just very much a "No, we've seen this before" kind of thing. We're going for number three because we saw it on my We're going for number three because we saw it on my We're going for number three because we saw it on my account. account. account. We stopped her. We stopped her. We stopped her. M. Thank you. Okay. We took a bath Thank you. Okay. We took a bath Thank you. Okay. We took a bath And the happiest moment of my life has arrived And the happiest moment of my life has arrived And the happiest moment of my life has arrived life, guys. This is my dream life, guys. This is my dream life, guys. This is my dream life. I saw the typical question of what life. I saw the typical question of what life. I saw the typical question of what What would you do for a day if you were a man? Yeah, What would you do for a day if you were a man? Yeah, What would you do for a day if you were a man? Yeah, I would shave, but because I take out the I would shave, but because I take out the I would shave, but because I take out the mustache, but I don't feel it's the same mustache, but I don't feel it's the same mustache, but I don't feel it's the same sensation of sticking out the little mustache sensation of sticking out the little mustache sensation of sticking out the little mustache nothing a nothing a nothing a It's nice when It's nice when It's nice when a softness and what I love about pumas a softness and what I love about pumas a softness and what I love about pumas shave these puman shave me shave these puman shave me shave these puman shave me It reminds me of two things. One, when I was doing It reminds me of two things. One, when I was doing It reminds me of two things. One, when I was doing fluffy slime. Two, when for the first time fluffy slime. Two, when for the first time fluffy slime. Two, when for the first time I used all the foam on my dad. I used all the foam on my dad. I used all the foam on my dad. shaving to shave for the first time shaving to shave for the first time shaving to shave for the first time You see the legs. You don't know what I You see the legs. You don't know what I You see the legs. You don't know what I he swore. You were left with a boy. he swore. You were left with a boy. he swore. You were left with a boy. Yes, but you have no idea how much that pissed me off. Yes, but you have no idea how much that pissed me off. Yes, but you have no idea how much that pissed me off. man. man. man. Okay, you're going to do everything yourself. You put the Okay, you're going to do everything yourself. You put the Okay, you're going to do everything yourself. You put the cream. I do everything. I'm going to do it for you. cream. I do everything. I'm going to do it for you. cream. I do everything. I'm going to do it for you. as I believe it should be done. as I believe it should be done. as I believe it should be done. Dale. I'm not saying anything. Dale. I'm not saying anything. Dale. I'm not saying anything. Okay. Okay. Okay. Phew! What a satisfaction. How it comes out. [shout] Phew! What a satisfaction. How it comes out. [shout] Phew! What a satisfaction. How it comes out. [shout] He/She feels me. He/She feels me. He/She feels me. Yes. But how do we do it? Well, it's Yes. But how do we do it? Well, it's Yes. But how do we do it? Well, it's No, no, I don't like it when you do that. No, no, I don't like it when you do that. No, no, I don't like it when you do that. Because? Because? Because? Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see. It's just that I'm taking a dump. It's just that I'm taking a dump. It's just that I'm taking a dump. It's bad. Well, she's sitting in the inator. It's bad. Well, she's sitting in the inator. It's bad. Well, she's sitting in the inator. No no. This is great. Do you know what you No no. This is great. Do you know what you No no. This is great. Do you know what you Do you know what you need to buy? Do you know what you need to buy? Do you know what you need to buy? Yes. The knife. Yes. The knife. Yes. The knife. No, the No, the No, the Ah, yes, yes. Ah, yes, yes. Ah, yes, yes. The little brush. The little brush. The little brush. The cat came in. The cat came in. The cat came in. I put a lot. I put a lot. I put a lot. No, no, no. That's why it's the only thing that No, no, no. That's why it's the only thing that No, no, no. That's why it's the only thing that I want to have a boyfriend. It's a lie, but it's a I want to have a boyfriend. It's a lie, but it's a I want to have a boyfriend. It's a lie, but it's a Very good reason. Very good reason. Very good reason. Mm. That? Mm. That? Mm. That? I'm taking away everything I put in you without I'm taking away everything I put in you without I'm taking away everything I put in you without want. There or more. What are you saying? want. There or more. What are you saying? want. There or more. What are you saying? You put a band on, but it's okay. You put a band on, but it's okay. You put a band on, but it's okay. Listen to me over here. It has to be done Listen to me over here. It has to be done Listen to me over here. It has to be done because it needs to be cleaned. because it needs to be cleaned. because it needs to be cleaned. Okay. The nose. Okay. The nose. Okay. The nose. I put on a lot. I put on a lot. I put on a lot. Pass. Gillette. Pass. Gillette. Pass. Gillette. Gillette. Go. Hey, Gillette. Go. Hey, Gillette. Go. Hey, Do you fully trust me? But But But very good. very good. very good. Yes. [snort] Come in Yes. [snort] Come in Yes. [snort] Come in Right there. Right there. Right there. It's not better to go little by little. It's not better to go little by little. It's not better to go little by little. He's tearing off the cheek. He's tearing off the cheek. He's tearing off the cheek. Slowly. Your face of concentration. Your face of concentration. Your face of concentration. No, I'm loving this. No, I'm loving this. No, I'm loving this. The profit it makes, I don't know if it The profit it makes, I don't know if it The profit it makes, I don't know if it They listen. Do you want them to put it on? They listen. Do you want them to put it on? They listen. Do you want them to put it on? Yes, turn on the microphone, please. Fatty, be careful, please. You're going to Fatty, be careful, please. You're going to Fatty, be careful, please. You're going to cut. cut. cut. Are you going to cut me off? Are you going to cut me off? Are you going to cut me off? Uh, I think I turned it off. Uh, I think I turned it off. Uh, I think I turned it off. No, No, No, It's a mild situation. It's a mild situation. It's a mild situation. That's how soft. That's how soft. That's how soft. You're being strong, but it doesn't matter. You're being strong, but it doesn't matter. You're being strong, but it doesn't matter. Go ahead, this way. Yes, listen carefully to the Go ahead, this way. Yes, listen carefully to the Go ahead, this way. Yes, listen carefully to the SMR that's here. SMR that's here. SMR that's here. Phew! That was smart, huh? Phew! That was smart, huh? Phew! That was smart, huh? Oh, amazing. Oh, amazing. Oh, amazing. I'm having a great time in this I'm having a great time in this I'm having a great time in this moment in my life. Oh, No. No, they're upstairs. No. No, they're upstairs. No. No, they're upstairs. That? It's turning out well. It's turning out well. It's turning out well. Let's see, Let's see, Let's see, low. And if you let yourself be sung. low. And if you let yourself be sung. low. And if you let yourself be sung. You can't stand me. [laughs] Don't move. Don't look at the Don't move. Don't look at the Don't move. Don't look at the mirror. Trust what I do. mirror. Trust what I do. mirror. Trust what I do. I do that part like this. Let's see. That I do that part like this. Let's see. That I do that part like this. Let's see. That It is put on. This It is put on. This It is put on. This No, it's done, he already did it. That's the worst part, isn't it? That's the worst part, isn't it? That's the worst part, isn't it? Well, you have a lot of hair. We're doing well, Well, you have a lot of hair. We're doing well, Well, you have a lot of hair. We're doing well, No? No? No? Mm. Double. Mm. Double. Mm. Double. I think I'm doing well, just a little bit. I think I'm doing well, just a little bit. I think I'm doing well, just a little bit. Slower. Slower. Slower. But how do you expect me to go slowly in But how do you expect me to go slowly in But how do you expect me to go slowly in Slow motion? No, I want to do it. Slow motion? No, I want to do it. Slow motion? No, I want to do it. Look, but I'm going to cut myself and I don't want to. Look, but I'm going to cut myself and I don't want to. Look, but I'm going to cut myself and I don't want to. I'm not going to cut you off. Trust me. Know I'm not going to cut you off. Trust me. Know I'm not going to cut you off. Trust me. Know the number of years I have with the number of years I have with the number of years I have with chile on top? Please, chile on top? Please, chile on top? Please, but not on someone else's face. Are you enjoying it? Are you enjoying it? Are you enjoying it? I love it. [snort] I could be the only person in the world who... I could be the only person in the world who... I could be the only person in the world who... Facebook finds it so amusing. Facebook finds it so amusing. Facebook finds it so amusing. That's absolutely hilarious. I'm That's absolutely hilarious. I'm That's absolutely hilarious. I'm safe. Comment, comment to whom safe. Comment, comment to whom safe. Comment, comment to whom have fun. This is the best moment of my have fun. This is the best moment of my have fun. This is the best moment of my life. life. life. Well, the fighting is the part that most Well, the fighting is the part that most Well, the fighting is the part that most I'm short. Yes. Well, like that. I'm short. Yes. Well, like that. I'm short. Yes. Well, like that. you can do you can do you can do up. up. up. So m m m I cut you off. I cut you off. I cut you off. No, but I can't do that there. No, but I can't do that there. No, but I can't do that there. Because? Because? Because? Because it scares me a little. [laughs] Because it scares me a little. [laughs] Because it scares me a little. [laughs] No, don't be afraid of me. No, don't be afraid of me. No, don't be afraid of me. Okay, down we go. Dale. Okay, down we go. Dale. Okay, down we go. Dale. Trust me Trust me Trust me doing it very carefully. The cute barbershop. The cute barbershop. The cute barbershop. I'm going to the hairdresser now. I was missing I'm going to the hairdresser now. I was missing I'm going to the hairdresser now. I was missing That's all. Look at me. Don't look at the That's all. Look at me. Don't look at the That's all. Look at me. Don't look at the mirror. Look below. Don't look mirror. Look below. Don't look mirror. Look below. Don't look mirror. Trust what I am mirror. Trust what I am mirror. Trust what I am doing. Please. And I can do this by doing. Please. And I can do this by doing. Please. And I can do this by down to up. down to up. down to up. Great care. And another tip with water Great care. And another tip with water Great care. And another tip with water hot. It's because if you're not, you're... hot. It's because if you're not, you're... hot. It's because if you're not, you're... putting the thing cold every time I do it putting the thing cold every time I do it putting the thing cold every time I do it put it on top. put it on top. put it on top. Oh, sorry. Oh, sorry. Oh, sorry. Nothing happened. Nothing happened. Nothing happened. It's almost over. I'll do it too. It's almost over. I'll do it too. It's almost over. I'll do it too. you said. you said. you said. I had just been rescued and was completely I had just been rescued and was completely I had just been rescued and was completely frozen. Spectacular. And not a single cut. Not a single one Spectacular. And not a single cut. Not a single one Spectacular. And not a single cut. Not a single one cut only. Lautaro cut only. Lautaro cut only. Lautaro perfect. perfect. perfect. Not a single cut. Not a single cut. Not a single cut. Good. Good. Good. And you didn't trust me? And you didn't trust me? And you didn't trust me? Yes, I trusted him. It makes me feel uneasy. [laughs] Yes, I trusted him. It makes me feel uneasy. [laughs] Yes, I trusted him. It makes me feel uneasy. [laughs] Do you want to record me? Do you want to record me? Do you want to record me? And here's Michu doing all this for us And here's Michu doing all this for us And here's Michu doing all this for us companies. Chubby. Hi, chubby. companies. Chubby. Hi, chubby. companies. Chubby. Hi, chubby. Do you want me to shave your mustache? Do you want me to shave your mustache? Do you want me to shave your mustache? also? also? also? No, I No, I No, I Okay, perfect. Okay, perfect. Okay, perfect. That's good. I didn't cut you off even a little bit. That's good. I didn't cut you off even a little bit. That's good. I didn't cut you off even a little bit. Incredible. Okay, now every time you do Incredible. Okay, now every time you do Incredible. Okay, now every time you do vog vog vog I have to do it to you I have to do it to you I have to do it to you I need to shave, I need to shave, I need to shave, idiot. It remained idiot. It remained idiot. It remained incredible. incredible. incredible. Hey, I've never seen you so well-groomed. Hey, I've never seen you so well-groomed. Hey, I've never seen you so well-groomed. Literally, Literally, Literally, I've literally never seen it look so good. I've literally never seen it look so good. I've literally never seen it look so good. shaving. shaving. shaving. What is your opinion before and after? What is your opinion before and after? What is your opinion before and after? Okay, and Aluti, do you know which way to go? Okay, and Aluti, do you know which way to go? Okay, and Aluti, do you know which way to go? Did life bring him? For the praise of the skin Did life bring him? For the praise of the skin Did life bring him? For the praise of the skin So it was bought. Here's what it is So it was bought. Here's what it is So it was bought. Here's what it is cleansing cream and Nivea cream. AND cleansing cream and Nivea cream. AND cleansing cream and Nivea cream. AND Then you can get the aftershave at my house. Then you can get the aftershave at my house. Then you can get the aftershave at my house. We're idiots. we should have We're idiots. we should have We're idiots. we should have brought. brought. brought. As you know, I told you that I have my As you know, I told you that I have my As you know, I told you that I have my skincare at home and nothing, I brought it, I skincare at home and nothing, I brought it, I skincare at home and nothing, I brought it, I I'm bringing this suit to the world of skincare, so I'm bringing this suit to the world of skincare, so I'm bringing this suit to the world of skincare, so that will have you. that will have you. that will have you. That? That? That? Nothing, so it's the skinc. My skincare Nothing, so it's the skinc. My skincare Nothing, so it's the skinc. My skincare I peel it off with makeup remover wipes I peel it off with makeup remover wipes I peel it off with makeup remover wipes And I just washed my face, so And I just washed my face, so And I just washed my face, so No. No. No. No, not with the cleansing gel. [music] No, not with the cleansing gel. [music] No, not with the cleansing gel. [music] Ah, but I mean with soap. Ah, but I mean with soap. Ah, but I mean with soap. Oh no, but you have your cleansing gel. Oh no, but you have your cleansing gel. Oh no, but you have your cleansing gel. Please show. Makes hall of your Please show. Makes hall of your Please show. Makes hall of your products. products. products. How do they do it? How do they do it? How do they do it? It's [music] backwards. And it's like our skinker routine, we And it's like our skinker routine, we And it's like our skinker routine, we We brush our teeth and go to sleep We brush our teeth and go to sleep We brush our teeth and go to sleep good. good. good. I'm going to wash it because I'm going to eat. I'm going to wash it because I'm going to eat. I'm going to wash it because I'm going to eat. a piece of garbage. Make sure. [music] a piece of garbage. Make sure. [music] a piece of garbage. Make sure. [music] What are you going to eat? What are you going to eat? What are you going to eat? No, it's not that I don't, it's not that I have, No, it's not that I don't, it's not that I have, No, it's not that I don't, it's not that I have, I can't take it anymore. I got up at 7 I can't take it anymore. I got up at 7 I can't take it anymore. I got up at 7 This morning, I've been here for 4 days This morning, I've been here for 4 days This morning, I've been here for 4 days getting up at 7 in the morning and getting up at 7 in the morning and getting up at 7 in the morning and She ends up praying like, "Oh, poor thing, she who She ends up praying like, "Oh, poor thing, she who She ends up praying like, "Oh, poor thing, she who He doesn't work and I get up at 5 am He doesn't work and I get up at 5 am He doesn't work and I get up at 5 am I'm going to work, guys. I get up at 7 I'm going to work, guys. I get up at 7 I'm going to work, guys. I get up at 7 and I fall asleep at 3 or 4. I mean, I'm and I fall asleep at 3 or 4. I mean, I'm and I fall asleep at 3 or 4. I mean, I'm sleeping for practically a week sleeping for practically a week sleeping for practically a week I'm sleeping 3 hours like I'm sleeping 3 hours like I'm sleeping 3 hours like lot. I can't take it anymore. Well, in the lot. I can't take it anymore. Well, in the lot. I can't take it anymore. Well, in the I have this minierum at home because I have this minierum at home because I have this minierum at home because It came in the kit. Miren loit petit que It came in the kit. Miren loit petit que It came in the kit. Miren loit petit que is. I don't know if you're understanding the scale. is. I don't know if you're understanding the scale. is. I don't know if you're understanding the scale. how small it is. It's too small. how small it is. It's too small. how small it is. It's too small. Uh, I just thought of a joke. Uh, I just thought of a joke. Uh, I just thought of a joke. Average size. Average size. Average size. No, no, no. It's much more, you little fool. No, no, no. It's much more, you little fool. No, no, no. It's much more, you little fool. joke. joke. joke. That That That But it's good But it's good But it's good It has a lot of strange jokes. It has a lot of strange jokes. It has a lot of strange jokes. You got one today. There was a lacquered crane You got one today. There was a lacquered crane You got one today. There was a lacquered crane opposite Lautaro Street and says, opposite Lautaro Street and says, opposite Lautaro Street and says, "Where is the crane?" Here. "Where is the crane?" Here. "Where is the crane?" Here. All good. The problem is that if he loses it like that... All good. The problem is that if he loses it like that... All good. The problem is that if he loses it like that... funny. But I have one. What's it called funny. But I have one. What's it called funny. But I have one. What's it called of the national rock band of of the national rock band of of the national rock band of [music] skincar? You don't either [music] skincar? You don't either [music] skincar? You don't either You know, but for the comments for You know, but for the comments for You know, but for the comments for that they comment on. Gian Serum. that they comment on. Gian Serum. that they comment on. Gian Serum. I know myself. I know myself. I know myself. Girán Serum. That's why I said Shiran. He Girán Serum. That's why I said Shiran. He Girán Serum. That's why I said Shiran. He Shirañene. Serum girirán. Shirañene. Serum girirán. Shirañene. Serum girirán. Look, it's just that I don't know. Don't Look, it's just that I don't know. Don't Look, it's just that I don't know. Don't I can. I can. I can. If you don't laugh, it's unlikely they will. If you don't laugh, it's unlikely they will. If you don't laugh, it's unlikely they will. laugh. laugh. laugh. The thing is, I don't know that band. Man. The thing is, I don't know that band. Man. The thing is, I don't know that band. Man. Okay, let's do the editing again. Okay, let's do the editing again. Okay, let's do the editing again. that you'll die laughing. that you'll die laughing. that you'll die laughing. What's the name of the band? Skinger of the What's the name of the band? Skinger of the What's the name of the band? Skinger of the Argentine rock. Argentine rock. Argentine rock. As As As to be a gir [laughter][clearing throat] [laughter][clearing throat] [laughter][clearing throat] The face you made was macabre. It seemed The face you made was macabre. It seemed The face you made was macabre. It seemed because it wasn't like a psychopath act because it wasn't like a psychopath act because it wasn't like a psychopath act because my face didn't say the same thing as my because my face didn't say the same thing as my because my face didn't say the same thing as my pos. pos. pos. No not at all. Follow [music] or anything. No not at all. Follow [music] or anything. No not at all. Follow [music] or anything. It was like [suppressed scream] It was like [suppressed scream] It was like [suppressed scream] equal to what? equal to what? equal to what? To propaganda. has a [music] To propaganda. has a [music] To propaganda. has a [music] Political propaganda and advertising. Political propaganda and advertising. Political propaganda and advertising. Could be, Could be, Could be, it just can't be. It's not [laughs] it just can't be. It's not [laughs] it just can't be. It's not [laughs] not the propaganda thing. not the propaganda thing. not the propaganda thing. Advertising Advertising Advertising about advertising. What do you do with my about advertising. What do you do with my about advertising. What do you do with my walls? [laughs] Here we have the cream. You broke it. Here we have the cream. You broke it. Here we have the cream. You broke it. You dropped it. It's not bad at all, [music] no You dropped it. It's not bad at all, [music] no You dropped it. It's not bad at all, [music] no Nothing happens. Here we have my cream that Nothing happens. Here we have my cream that Nothing happens. Here we have my cream that It's also petite. Oh, It's also petite. Oh, It's also petite. Oh, I want to say something. I am following I want to say something. I am following I want to say something. I am following completely. Maybe we're doing it. completely. Maybe we're doing it. completely. Maybe we're doing it. evil. I don't think so because she's an expert in evil. I don't think so because she's an expert in evil. I don't think so because she's an expert in skincare, but I [laughs] skincare, but I [laughs] skincare, but I [laughs] I'm not a skincare expert, I do it myself. I'm not a skincare expert, I do it myself. I'm not a skincare expert, I do it myself. a long time, but I'm not an expert. a long time, but I'm not an expert. a long time, but I'm not an expert. I have no idea what I'm doing I have no idea what I'm doing I have no idea what I'm doing doing. I'm following what she told me doing. I'm following what she told me doing. I'm following what she told me I did it once and I still follow it to the letter. I did it once and I still follow it to the letter. I did it once and I still follow it to the letter. Did you notice that sometimes someone tells him Did you notice that sometimes someone tells him Did you notice that sometimes someone tells him Like, I don't know, I'd say like your little brother. Like, I don't know, I'd say like your little brother. Like, I don't know, I'd say like your little brother. You say, "No, after school, tomato You say, "No, after school, tomato You say, "No, after school, tomato a hot chocolate." And from that a hot chocolate." And from that a hot chocolate." And from that At that moment, every day I went to school At that moment, every day I went to school At that moment, every day I went to school I have a hot chocolate. I do that I have a hot chocolate. I do that I have a hot chocolate. I do that With the skinc, I follow it step by step. She With the skinc, I follow it step by step. She With the skinc, I follow it step by step. She The first time she told me, "The gel of The first time she told me, "The gel of The first time she told me, "The gel of Cleaning, a little almond and you have to Cleaning, a little almond and you have to Cleaning, a little almond and you have to paint and you have to have a good time because paint and you have to have a good time because paint and you have to have a good time because the nose, because of the face and then I the nose, because of the face and then I the nose, because of the face and then I I crack the almond." I continue. It I crack the almond." I continue. It I crack the almond." I continue. It Place an almond next to your finger and Place an almond next to your finger and Place an almond next to your finger and compare the size. [laughter][crying] compare the size. [laughter][crying] compare the size. [laughter][crying] This is the step I like the most, the This is the step I like the most, the This is the step I like the most, the the cream. The final step. That I tell him the cream. The final step. That I tell him the cream. The final step. That I tell him I said I'm missing a thing, Ah, same I said I'm missing a thing, Ah, same I said I'm missing a thing, Ah, same we had the [music] we had the [music] we had the [music] I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Things Things Things We're going to put them on now. We're going to put them on now. We're going to put them on now. But it comes first. But it comes first. But it comes first. They can no longer be used. They can no longer be used. They can no longer be used. Yes, we're going to use them [music] anyway. Yes, we're going to use them [music] anyway. Yes, we're going to use them [music] anyway. No, no, that's enough. No, no, that's enough. No, no, that's enough. No, we're not going to use them the same way tomorrow. No, we're not going to use them the same way tomorrow. No, we're not going to use them the same way tomorrow. No, we're going to use them anyway. No, we're going to use them anyway. No, we're going to use them anyway. I want to use it. We bought I want to use it. We bought I want to use it. We bought masks, but I forgot that the masks, but I forgot that the masks, but I forgot that the I think the mask comes before the I think the mask comes before the I think the mask comes before the skinker, but oh well, we'll put it on later. skinker, but oh well, we'll put it on later. skinker, but oh well, we'll put it on later. That the car will be left with a skin That the car will be left with a skin That the car will be left with a skin divine. She's going to have amazing skin. divine. She's going to have amazing skin. divine. She's going to have amazing skin. Moment. [laughs] Moment. [laughs] Moment. [laughs] That? That? That? No, a mask that Lautaro makes himself. No, a mask that Lautaro makes himself. No, a mask that Lautaro makes himself. a lot. She loves face masks. a lot. She loves face masks. a lot. She loves face masks. I didn't do anything to myself. I made the whole skin I didn't do anything to myself. I made the whole skin I didn't do anything to myself. I made the whole skin that the face meina recently. that the face meina recently. that the face meina recently. Yes, but it's the typical face mask, no Yes, but it's the typical face mask, no Yes, but it's the typical face mask, no I know what. She loves the moment I know what. She loves the moment I know what. She loves the moment face mask. It's a bombshell. I am not face mask. It's a bombshell. I am not face mask. It's a bombshell. I am not I'm such a fan of headbands, to be honest. I'm such a fan of headbands, to be honest. I'm such a fan of headbands, to be honest. I know that the headband is part of the I know that the headband is part of the I know that the headband is part of the performance. performance. performance. The last time we did it, we didn't The last time we did it, we didn't The last time we did it, we didn't with headband with headband with headband because I had forgotten, but the headband because I had forgotten, but the headband because I had forgotten, but the headband It's part of the performance. It's part of the performance. It's part of the performance. But can we talk about anything related to the But can we talk about anything related to the But can we talk about anything related to the headband? No headband? No headband? No It's as comfortable as it looks from afar. Is It's as comfortable as it looks from afar. Is It's as comfortable as it looks from afar. Is that you're not used to using that you're not used to using that you're not used to using Headbands, but that's just how headbands are. Happens Headbands, but that's just how headbands are. Happens Headbands, but that's just how headbands are. Happens I feel it's good when you have I feel it's good when you have I feel it's good when you have your amount of hair. My amount of hair your amount of hair. My amount of hair your amount of hair. My amount of hair It's like I feel like I have something... It's like I feel like I have something... It's like I feel like I have something... I'm so fed up and they won't give me the I'm so fed up and they won't give me the I'm so fed up and they won't give me the face. So, face. So, face. So, But it's part of the performance. If you are But it's part of the performance. If you are But it's part of the performance. If you are I would have put one on you too, even if you were bald. I would have put one on you too, even if you were bald. I would have put one on you too, even if you were bald. headband. headband. headband. Comment. That's right [laughs] the bald ones. the bald ones. the bald ones. Oh dude. For. The microphone was Oh dude. For. The microphone was Oh dude. For. The microphone was thrown away. It sounded like [ __ ]. No thrown away. It sounded like [ __ ]. No thrown away. It sounded like [ __ ]. No It matters. Bad. It was audible. It matters. Bad. It was audible. It matters. Bad. It was audible. Probably next door. Don't mess with me. Probably next door. Don't mess with me. Probably next door. Don't mess with me. Okay, supporter, I'm going to put you on. Okay, supporter, I'm going to put you on. Okay, supporter, I'm going to put you on. Well, Well, Well, to put it more facing forward, more like for to put it more facing forward, more like for to put it more facing forward, more like for above. We have these. We bought these above. We have these. We bought these above. We have these. We bought these at Farmacity. at Farmacity. at Farmacity. All of them at Farmacity. For one we have Ryan All of them at Farmacity. For one we have Ryan All of them at Farmacity. For one we have Ryan Skin or relax time. Relax time Skin or relax time. Relax time Skin or relax time. Relax time Relax time Relax time Relax time or Ryan Skin. or Ryan Skin. or Ryan Skin. Ryan Skin is with vitamin C, it brightens and Ryan Skin is with vitamin C, it brightens and Ryan Skin is with vitamin C, it brightens and hydrates. And this stimulates creation hydrates. And this stimulates creation hydrates. And this stimulates creation endorphins providing relaxation and endorphins providing relaxation and endorphins providing relaxation and welfare. welfare. welfare. I feel like I need to hydrate because I feel like I need to hydrate because I feel like I need to hydrate because I just shaved. I just shaved. I just shaved. Okay, let's go with radiant. Okay, let's go with radiant. Okay, let's go with radiant. No, but you put on the other one and we'll do it. No, but you put on the other one and we'll do it. No, but you put on the other one and we'll do it. one and one. one and one. one and one. No, we have two and two. No, we have two and two. No, we have two and two. Sure, but it doesn't look good to do one and one and Sure, but it doesn't look good to do one and one and Sure, but it doesn't look good to do one and one and Each person comments on what they think of their own. Each person comments on what they think of their own. Each person comments on what they think of their own. Used the same crap, but in another Used the same crap, but in another Used the same crap, but in another package. I'll put it on you, or you put it on yourself. Me package. I'll put it on you, or you put it on yourself. Me package. I'll put it on you, or you put it on yourself. Me I'm going to put it on to see what's up. I'm going to put it on to see what's up. I'm going to put it on to see what's up. I never wore it, I never wore it, I never wore it, I don't always put it on the I don't always put it on the I don't always put it on the masks when we make them. masks when we make them. masks when we make them. Okay, we'd better put Okay, we'd better put Okay, we'd better put sure. sure. sure. It would be great if she came, says vitamin C. It would be great if she came, says vitamin C. It would be great if she came, says vitamin C. with a kind of orange smell. with a kind of orange smell. with a kind of orange smell. It doesn't smell like ass. All of these have It doesn't smell like ass. All of these have It doesn't smell like ass. All of these have smell of ass smell of ass smell of ass because they're kind of crooked. because they're kind of crooked. because they're kind of crooked. It happens that the ones that are brand name are It happens that the ones that are brand name are It happens that the ones that are brand name are very expensive. very expensive. very expensive. Like, how much is 10 bucks each? Like, how much is 10 bucks each? Like, how much is 10 bucks each? I don't remember, but I think they are I don't remember, but I think they are I don't remember, but I think they are faces. It's more expensive. Ah, this is the worst one. faces. It's more expensive. Ah, this is the worst one. faces. It's more expensive. Ah, this is the worst one. that we've put on so far. The recrot that we've put on so far. The recrot that we've put on so far. The recrot The other one was the same, The other one was the same, The other one was the same, No? It was more professional. No? It was more professional. No? It was more professional. The water. The water. The water. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. From the same brand, I think. Yeah. From the same brand, I think. Yeah. From the same brand, I think. And these things, you say they work And these things, you say they work And these things, you say they work Really or what? Really or what? Really or what? They hydrate you. Hydrate, they hydrate you They hydrate you. Hydrate, they hydrate you They hydrate you. Hydrate, they hydrate you sure. So, you have half an hour, something. sure. So, you have half an hour, something. sure. So, you have half an hour, something. hydrating your skin. hydrating your skin. hydrating your skin. 15 minutes of that. 15 minutes of that. 15 minutes of that. I always leave it on longer. I always leave it on longer. I always leave it on longer. I prefer more. The truth is, I already know too. I prefer more. The truth is, I already know too. I prefer more. The truth is, I already know too. I'm putting it on. I am doing the I'm putting it on. I am doing the I'm putting it on. I am doing the I'll at least leave half the ball in. I'll at least leave half the ball in. I'll at least leave half the ball in. an hour, two hours. I fall asleep on a date an hour, two hours. I fall asleep on a date an hour, two hours. I fall asleep on a date with this. And you did the cucumber one. with this. And you did the cucumber one. with this. And you did the cucumber one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. AND AND AND No, he didn't call me. No, he didn't call me. No, he didn't call me. Very much like in the movies, isn't it? Very much like in the movies, isn't it? Very much like in the movies, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Oh, Oh, What she has is a very... What she has is a very... What she has is a very... These masks. As you saw when These masks. As you saw when These masks. As you saw when I have the default one. I have the default one. I have the default one. Sure, you have a very... face shape Sure, you have a very... face shape Sure, you have a very... face shape default. Because it doesn't suit you that well. default. Because it doesn't suit you that well. default. Because it doesn't suit you that well. not too big, not too small. I still have not too big, not too small. I still have not too big, not too small. I still have huge all around, but because I huge all around, but because I huge all around, but because I I have a round face and this is more for I have a round face and this is more for I have a round face and this is more for more oval face. And you have half the more oval face. And you have half the more oval face. And you have half the oval face. oval face. oval face. What does an oval face look like? What does an oval face look like? What does an oval face look like? Clear. Farmacite 2 for one. You pay for two and Clear. Farmacite 2 for one. You pay for two and Clear. Farmacite 2 for one. You pay for two and You're wearing one. Farmac two for one that You're wearing one. Farmac two for one that You're wearing one. Farmac two for one that promotion. promotion. promotion. Pay for two, get one free. Pay for two, get one free. Pay for two, get one free. I feel like it turned out perfectly. I feel like it turned out perfectly. I feel like it turned out perfectly. It turned out great. It turned out great. It turned out great. But why isn't it placed after the But why isn't it placed after the But why isn't it placed after the skinc? I don't understand. skinc? I don't understand. skinc? I don't understand. It's not put before and after because it's It's not put before and after because it's It's not put before and after because it's such as hydration, such as serum and such as hydration, such as serum and such as hydration, such as serum and Then you have to seal it with the Then you have to seal it with the Then you have to seal it with the cream, like the cream seals it. Therefore cream, like the cream seals it. Therefore cream, like the cream seals it. Therefore From what I understand, this is what I From what I understand, this is what I From what I understand, this is what I They were commenting on YouTube because I They were commenting on YouTube because I They were commenting on YouTube because I I already asked this in a video because I think I already asked this in a video because I think I already asked this in a video because I think that I made the same mistake. I believe it because that I made the same mistake. I believe it because that I made the same mistake. I believe it because From what I understand, in the skinc the From what I understand, in the skinc the From what I understand, in the skinc the This cream seals in everything you put on. This cream seals in everything you put on. This cream seals in everything you put on. Do you understand? But oh well, it happened, no big deal. Do you understand? But oh well, it happened, no big deal. Do you understand? But oh well, it happened, no big deal. nothing. nothing. nothing. And we just sealed it. And we just sealed it. And we just sealed it. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I pooped. I saw the comment I pooped. I saw the comment I pooped. I saw the comment Nugget. Like what Nugget. Like what Nugget. Like what Did you do it? How fed up? Did you do it? How fed up? Did you do it? How fed up? They're two idiots and the cat is ugly. They're two idiots and the cat is ugly. They're two idiots and the cat is ugly. No, No, No, I know. I don't think that, but people I know. I don't think that, but people I know. I don't think that, but people You're badly castrated. Oh, [snort] God. It's freezing. Oh, [snort] God. It's freezing. Oh, [snort] God. It's freezing. No, I don't love playing. No, I don't love playing. No, I don't love playing. Ah, of course, you never touched them. Ah, of course, you never touched them. Ah, of course, you never touched them. I don't love it. Being a little bit. I don't love it. Being a little bit. I don't love it. Being a little bit. Ah, of course. Michu, do you want a map for Ah, of course. Michu, do you want a map for Ah, of course. Michu, do you want a map for You? You? You? No, for a kitten. No, for a kitten. No, for a kitten. There it is. Okay, and now we wait half There it is. Okay, and now we wait half There it is. Okay, and now we wait half time and we'll take it out time and we'll take it out time and we'll take it out and see you tomorrow or see you at a and see you tomorrow or see you at a and see you tomorrow or see you at a a while. a while. a while. No, we'll see each other in a bit to see what happens. No, we'll see each other in a bit to see what happens. No, we'll see each other in a bit to see what happens. What do you think about the skin, how it leaves it? What do you think about the skin, how it leaves it? What do you think about the skin, how it leaves it? Ah, okay. Ah, okay. Ah, okay. Hey, my skin feels super soft, huh? TO Hey, my skin feels super soft, huh? TO Hey, my skin feels super soft, huh? TO not you not you not you hyper recond mega smooth. hyper recond mega smooth. hyper recond mega smooth. What [snort] are you going to say? What [snort] are you going to say? What [snort] are you going to say? I don't know. Look, I don't know. Look, I don't know. Look, that glowing skin. Look at him that glowing skin. Look at him that glowing skin. Look at him shines. Look how it shines. Go ahead, one face shines. Look how it shines. Go ahead, one face shines. Look how it shines. Go ahead, one face of a model, please. You're all of a model, please. You're all of a model, please. You're all shaved shaved shaved with hair like a prince with hair like a prince with hair like a prince Disney. Disney. Disney. It's [laughs] brilliant. It's [laughs] brilliant. It's [laughs] brilliant. It's super bright. It's super bright. It's super bright. I don't see it that way. I don't see it that way. I don't see it that way. It's brilliant. It's brilliant. It's brilliant. Which one is brighter? Which one is brighter? Which one is brighter? Look, dude. I come from years of skinning. Look, dude. I come from years of skinning. Look, dude. I come from years of skinning. You came here two months ago with Skinner like that You came here two months ago with Skinner like that You came here two months ago with Skinner like that that relaxes the thong. My skin is that relaxes the thong. My skin is that relaxes the thong. My skin is shine. But it's not as soft as we'd like. shine. But it's not as soft as we'd like. shine. But it's not as soft as we'd like. It remained. It remained. It remained. No, yours is silk. No, yours is silk. No, yours is silk. Yours too. Yours too. Yours too. The kitten. The kitten. The kitten. The little Cheek kitten. The cookie The little Cheek kitten. The cookie The little Cheek kitten. The cookie chequeteta. It's true. Tan, tun t. Us chequeteta. It's true. Tan, tun t. Us chequeteta. It's true. Tan, tun t. Us Let's go to sleep and see you tomorrow at the Let's go to sleep and see you tomorrow at the Let's go to sleep and see you tomorrow at the that will be a new day. A new day. A that will be a new day. A new day. A that will be a new day. A new day. A New day. A new day. New day. A new day. New day. A new day. Good morning, guys. It rained a lot last night Good morning, guys. It rained a lot last night Good morning, guys. It rained a lot last night It makes absolutely no sense. I mean, It makes absolutely no sense. I mean, It makes absolutely no sense. I mean, It's not so noticeable now that it's day It's not so noticeable now that it's day It's not so noticeable now that it's day It was so ugly, but it rained. Dude, I It was so ugly, but it rained. Dude, I It was so ugly, but it rained. Dude, I I woke up, Michu woke up, we all I woke up, Michu woke up, we all I woke up, Michu woke up, we all We wake up and we can't go back to We wake up and we can't go back to We wake up and we can't go back to sleep from the rain and from what sleep from the rain and from what sleep from the rain and from what Thunder and lightning flashed, and it was deadly. Thunder and lightning flashed, and it was deadly. Thunder and lightning flashed, and it was deadly. last night. Now I've woken up, last night. Now I've woken up, last night. Now I've woken up, I'm going to go home. I'm going to go home. I'm going to go home. to see my cats, because my cats like to see my cats, because my cats like to see my cats, because my cats like It's scary, like storms. I don't It's scary, like storms. I don't It's scary, like storms. I don't I knew it was going to rain so hard today I knew it was going to rain so hard today I knew it was going to rain so hard today It's nighttime, so I'm going there and It's nighttime, so I'm going there and It's nighttime, so I'm going there and I think he's going to pick me up. My I think he's going to pick me up. My I think he's going to pick me up. My Brother has to come to my house Brother has to come to my house Brother has to come to my house after. And I said to him, "Hey, are you in?" after. And I said to him, "Hey, are you in?" after. And I said to him, "Hey, are you in?" You come and get me, and from here we'll go to my You come and get me, and from here we'll go to my You come and get me, and from here we'll go to my "Home." And he said, "Yes." So just "Home." And he said, "Yes." So just "Home." And he said, "Yes." So just for the rain. Yes, he just stopped for the rain. Yes, he just stopped for the rain. Yes, he just stopped It rained, but guys, the night was deadly. It rained, but guys, the night was deadly. It rained, but guys, the night was deadly. It was tremendous. So It was tremendous. So It was tremendous. So Put it in the comments, José. Put it in the comments, José. Put it in the comments, José. She looks lovely and it suits her so well She looks lovely and it suits her so well She looks lovely and it suits her so well that color because it's beautiful, that color because it's beautiful, that color because it's beautiful, guys. This is horrible. I think it does guys. This is horrible. I think it does guys. This is horrible. I think it does I'm not usually this messed up as I am today. I'm not usually this messed up as I am today. I'm not usually this messed up as I am today. It's beautiful. Put it on, José, it's beautiful. It's beautiful. Put it on, José, it's beautiful. It's beautiful. Put it on, José, it's beautiful. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. And Michu's too. And Michu's too. And Michu's too. Yes, Michu, yes, it's definitely Michu's. Yes, Michu, yes, it's definitely Michu's. Yes, Michu, yes, it's definitely Michu's. divine. But guys, I look awful. divine. But guys, I look awful. divine. But guys, I look awful. In fact, I didn't get this because In fact, I didn't get this because In fact, I didn't get this because My hair is disgusting. But anyway, me My hair is disgusting. But anyway, me My hair is disgusting. But anyway, me I'm going home. I'm going to come looking for it I'm going home. I'm going to come looking for it I'm going home. I'm going to come looking for it Bunchi. What a mess I've gotten myself into here. I do Bunchi. What a mess I've gotten myself into here. I do Bunchi. What a mess I've gotten myself into here. I do I touch it like this, I feel a weird curl. Let's see. I touch it like this, I feel a weird curl. Let's see. I touch it like this, I feel a weird curl. Let's see. Yes, here. [laughs] Yes, here. [laughs] Yes, here. [laughs] But you can't see a curl as such. You But you can't see a curl as such. You But you can't see a curl as such. You He did a kind of backward brushing motion, He did a kind of backward brushing motion, He did a kind of backward brushing motion, Do you understand? Oh, oh there, there, there. A Do you understand? Oh, oh there, there, there. A Do you understand? Oh, oh there, there, there. A little mountain. If things get complicated like this. little mountain. If things get complicated like this. little mountain. If things get complicated like this. Hello, my fat one. Don't run away from me. Don't Hello, my fat one. Don't run away from me. Don't Hello, my fat one. Don't run away from me. Don't Don't escape me, you son of a [ __ ]. Don't tell me Don't escape me, you son of a [ __ ]. Don't tell me Don't escape me, you son of a [ __ ]. Don't tell me escapes. Hi, did you miss me? Yes, you escapes. Hi, did you miss me? Yes, you escapes. Hi, did you miss me? Yes, you I missed you so much, Mom. Yes, I missed you. I missed you so much, Mom. Yes, I missed you. I missed you so much, Mom. Yes, I missed you. Mommy. Hi, Mom. And this fat guy. Hello, Mommy. Hi, Mom. And this fat guy. Hello, Mommy. Hi, Mom. And this fat guy. Hello, pa. It lifts my ass. Palometa. pa. It lifts my ass. Palometa. pa. It lifts my ass. Palometa. There is no palometa. There is no palometa. There is no palometa. I don't do anything. Uh, not here. I don't do anything. Uh, not here. I don't do anything. Uh, not here. I'm home, guys, the wind blew me away I'm home, guys, the wind blew me away I'm home, guys, the wind blew me away everything I had on the balcony and it has everything I had on the balcony and it has everything I had on the balcony and it has broken things. Excellent. I have pieces there. broken things. Excellent. I have pieces there. broken things. Excellent. I have pieces there. of broken things. This is their message. His of broken things. This is their message. His of broken things. This is their message. His His message, right? What would it be? Your signal His message, right? What would it be? Your signal His message, right? What would it be? Your signal so that if there is a high floor and there is so that if there is a high floor and there is so that if there is a high floor and there is Wind, don't leave things on the balcony Wind, don't leave things on the balcony Wind, don't leave things on the balcony loose ones, such as the loose ones, such as the loose ones, such as the cat carrier, because it cat carrier, because it cat carrier, because it It falls and breaks. But anyway, here I am It falls and breaks. But anyway, here I am It falls and breaks. But anyway, here I am helping with a few things she has helping with a few things she has helping with a few things she has to do. And we continue with M. Some to do. And we continue with M. Some to do. And we continue with M. Some procedures literally. Literally the procedures literally. Literally the procedures literally. Literally the little errand, the boy who is about little errand, the boy who is about little errand, the boy who is about move. move. move. No. No. No. Oh, the boy, the boy who loves himself. Oh, the boy, the boy who loves himself. Oh, the boy, the boy who loves himself. Did you get your eyebrows done? Did you get your eyebrows done? Did you get your eyebrows done? I always get them done. I always get them done. I always get them done. They're absolutely perfect. What the hell? They're absolutely perfect. What the hell? They're absolutely perfect. What the hell? I always do them. I always do them. I always do them. Yes, but they're freshly made. Yes, but they're freshly made. Yes, but they're freshly made. Just one week. Just one week. Just one week. Yes, look at those eyebrows. Yes, look at those eyebrows. Yes, look at those eyebrows. And fewer appetizers. Further. And fewer appetizers. Further. And fewer appetizers. Further. You cut your hair. Yes, minoxidil You cut your hair. Yes, minoxidil You cut your hair. Yes, minoxidil It's working. Hey, I don't have phimosis. It's working. Hey, I don't have phimosis. It's working. Hey, I don't have phimosis. I never had it. I never had it. I never had it. Ah, yes. Here we're going to debunk that, Ah, yes. Here we're going to debunk that, Ah, yes. Here we're going to debunk that, No? And an anecdote. No? And an anecdote. No? And an anecdote. My girlfriend is a bit of a jerk, but My girlfriend is a bit of a jerk, but My girlfriend is a bit of a jerk, but because? because? because? There's an anecdote. There's an anecdote. There's an anecdote. Dale. Let's see. Dale. Let's see. Dale. Let's see. My girlfriend went out partying, like in a My girlfriend went out partying, like in a My girlfriend went out partying, like in a previous and there was what I am a TikToker or previous and there was what I am a TikToker or previous and there was what I am a TikToker or people, I don't know, from the people, I don't know, from the people, I don't know, from the And one of them asked if she had Fimos. And one of them asked if she had Fimos. And one of them asked if she had Fimos. and he looked at his wallpaper with me. and he looked at his wallpaper with me. and he looked at his wallpaper with me. He said, "Oh, he saw some phimos and they jumped He said, "Oh, he saw some phimos and they jumped He said, "Oh, he saw some phimos and they jumped "Everyone." Yes, [shout] I think one threw "Everyone." Yes, [shout] I think one threw "Everyone." Yes, [shout] I think one threw even. Disgusting. even. Disgusting. even. Disgusting. But I never had, I mean, it's not like I But I never had, I mean, it's not like I But I never had, I mean, it's not like I I'm just messing around, I've never had I'm just messing around, I've never had I'm just messing around, I've never had real. I don't know what happened, Sofia. real. I don't know what happened, Sofia. real. I don't know what happened, Sofia. And what if someone has phimosis? And what if someone has phimosis? And what if someone has phimosis? It's not the end of the world either. It's not the end of the world either. It's not the end of the world either. No problem. Bauti did not have phimosis. No problem. Bauti did not have phimosis. No problem. Bauti did not have phimosis. Bauti had to get circumcised Bauti had to get circumcised Bauti had to get circumcised for another reason. [laughs] for another reason. [laughs] for another reason. [laughs] Poor. He was in the group with Poor. He was in the group with Poor. He was in the group with Sofi and I were trying to tell each other why she Sofi and I were trying to tell each other why she Sofi and I were trying to tell each other why she I had to get a circumcision and every I had to get a circumcision and every I had to get a circumcision and every I said I hate it a little, but it's not phimosis, no I said I hate it a little, but it's not phimosis, no I said I hate it a little, but it's not phimosis, no I have phimosis, but hey, if anyone else has I have phimosis, but hey, if anyone else has I have phimosis, but hey, if anyone else has Phimosis, it's not a big deal, it's not the end of the world. Phimosis, it's not a big deal, it's not the end of the world. Phimosis, it's not a big deal, it's not the end of the world. of no one, it's not the death of the world and no of no one, it's not the death of the world and no of no one, it's not the death of the world and no Don't worry, they have a very good solution. Don't worry, they have a very good solution. Don't worry, they have a very good solution. solvable. Look, Baptism the solvable. Look, Baptism the solvable. Look, Baptism the circumcision and here he is alive, but not circumcision and here he is alive, but not circumcision and here he is alive, but not It was phimosis, Sofi burned it off. He burned it, It was phimosis, Sofi burned it off. He burned it, It was phimosis, Sofi burned it off. He burned it, Sofia. Uh, how do you say it? He defamed. Sofia. Uh, how do you say it? He defamed. Sofia. Uh, how do you say it? He defamed. Yes. Sofia, the famous one, was flying home. Yes. Sofia, the famous one, was flying home. Yes. Sofia, the famous one, was flying home. God, strange, I love going to the house of the God, strange, I love going to the house of the God, strange, I love going to the house of the but missed being home with my cats. but missed being home with my cats. but missed being home with my cats. Chutista got a craving for coffee. Chutista got a craving for coffee. Chutista got a craving for coffee. So we're leaving, so we're going to So we're leaving, so we're going to So we're leaving, so we're going to go to a coffee shop. That one doesn't work, there are go to a coffee shop. That one doesn't work, there are go to a coffee shop. That one doesn't work, there are than to go to the other one. The elevators in this than to go to the other one. The elevators in this than to go to the other one. The elevators in this building, guys. I love moving this building, guys. I love moving this building, guys. I love moving this building and it was the best decision I made building and it was the best decision I made building and it was the best decision I made I took in my life. The elevators always I took in my life. The elevators always I took in my life. The elevators always They have a problem and it's driving me crazy They have a problem and it's driving me crazy They have a problem and it's driving me crazy That's it. That's it. That's it. Hey, I'm selling my 98-inch TV. Someone Hey, I'm selling my 98-inch TV. Someone Hey, I'm selling my 98-inch TV. Someone He loves her. [laughs] He loves her. [laughs] He loves her. [laughs] She is about to move. When Bauti took She is about to move. When Bauti took She is about to move. When Bauti took She took the TV to her apartment, she put it in. She took the TV to her apartment, she put it in. She took the TV to her apartment, she put it in. through the balcony and now through the balcony and now through the balcony and now She's going to move, she doesn't know what to do next. She's going to move, she doesn't know what to do next. She's going to move, she doesn't know what to do next. The The The box, [ __ ]. box, [ __ ]. box, [ __ ]. Of course, he doesn't know what he's going to do because he doesn't Of course, he doesn't know what he's going to do because he doesn't Of course, he doesn't know what he's going to do because he doesn't He doesn't have a 98-inch TV. That He doesn't have a 98-inch TV. That He doesn't have a 98-inch TV. That Guys, you don't realize how big this is. Guys, you don't realize how big this is. Guys, you don't realize how big this is. What is that TV that I haven't seen yet? What is that TV that I haven't seen yet? What is that TV that I haven't seen yet? I mean, I saw it in the box. [laughs] Me I mean, I saw it in the box. [laughs] Me I mean, I saw it in the box. [laughs] Me I never went to your house again because I never... I never went to your house again because I never... I never went to your house again because I never... You invited. But it's enormous, it's gigantic. You invited. But it's enormous, it's gigantic. You invited. But it's enormous, it's gigantic. I saw it in the box, I don't know, it couldn't be done I saw it in the box, I don't know, it couldn't be done I saw it in the box, I don't know, it couldn't be done to go up in no way other than by the to go up in no way other than by the to go up in no way other than by the balcony. And almost through the balcony. That balcony. And almost through the balcony. That balcony. And almost through the balcony. That What do you want, a flat? Same plate What do you want, a flat? Same plate What do you want, a flat? Same plate I'm old school and I say coffee I'm old school and I say coffee I'm old school and I say coffee with milk. I think it's really lame to say with milk. I think it's really lame to say with milk. I think it's really lame to say The time we go, Utarca says no, the The time we go, Utarca says no, the The time we go, Utarca says no, the The only time we go, says a flat for The only time we go, says a flat for The only time we go, says a flat for I am carrying an I am carrying an I am carrying an And when I buy him a coffee to make And when I buy him a coffee to make And when I buy him a coffee to make I say, "A surprise, I say, 'Do a flat.'" I say, "A surprise, I say, 'Do a flat.'" I say, "A surprise, I say, 'Do a flat.'" Auti has everything, I'm not saying Auti has everything, I'm not saying Auti has everything, I'm not saying So be it, it has all the skin of So be it, it has all the skin of So be it, it has all the skin of parahermit. parahermit. parahermit. He loves her, at least [laughs] she He loves her, at least [laughs] she He loves her, at least [laughs] she aesthetics aesthetics aesthetics It has the aesthetic of someone asking for a flat It has the aesthetic of someone asking for a flat It has the aesthetic of someone asking for a flat with two crescent moons. with two crescent moons. with two crescent moons. He always says to ask for a flat with two medials He always says to ask for a flat with two medials He always says to ask for a flat with two medials moons. It's always the same. Oh well, moons. It's always the same. Oh well, moons. It's always the same. Oh well, Let's order a flat. Let's order a flat. Let's order a flat. You have no idea what it looks like. You have no idea what it looks like. You have no idea what it looks like. about what? about what? about what? I don't know what it's called I don't know what it's called I don't know what it's called that he reads books. that he reads books. that he reads books. That he used elephants during COVID, That he used elephants during COVID, That he used elephants during COVID, The pants, remember? The pants, remember? The pants, remember? She has some pajamas that she gives to me. She has some pajamas that she gives to me. She has some pajamas that she gives to me. [laughter] that aren't elephants, but they are [laughter] that aren't elephants, but they are [laughter] that aren't elephants, but they are like the grid-like ones. like the grid-like ones. like the grid-like ones. That's the way it is. That's the way it is. That's the way it is. No, maybe he was more like him and he showed me No, maybe he was more like him and he showed me No, maybe he was more like him and he showed me photos from when I was a kid. He was more of a photos from when I was a kid. He was more of a photos from when I was a kid. He was more of a rocker who wore skinny jeans. Ah, rocker who wore skinny jeans. Ah, rocker who wore skinny jeans. Ah, Yes, it looks like it. It looks the same. Yes, it looks like it. It looks the same. Yes, it looks like it. It looks the same. Yes, it's skinny jeans, colored hair, Yes, it's skinny jeans, colored hair, Yes, it's skinny jeans, colored hair, expander, septum, ring in the tongue. expander, septum, ring in the tongue. expander, septum, ring in the tongue. Rebel. Rebel. Rebel. Yes, he was one of those. Well, for me, I Yes, he was one of those. Well, for me, I Yes, he was one of those. Well, for me, I When I met him, if I had to put When I met him, if I had to put When I met him, if I had to put One prejudice was that he listened to Serati and One prejudice was that he listened to Serati and One prejudice was that he listened to Serati and which was the typical "music of today" thing, which was the typical "music of today" thing, which was the typical "music of today" thing, No, today's music is [ __ ]. No, today's music is [ __ ]. No, today's music is [ __ ]. very soda, stereo. very soda, stereo. very soda, stereo. Yes, but not that much. I mean, I feel that Yes, but not that much. I mean, I feel that Yes, but not that much. I mean, I feel that I went through a phase like that, I don't want to go back. I went through a phase like that, I don't want to go back. I went through a phase like that, I don't want to go back. admit it, but nowadays it's not like that. But admit it, but nowadays it's not like that. But admit it, but nowadays it's not like that. But If I had to adopt a stereotype, If I had to adopt a stereotype, If I had to adopt a stereotype, That was him, the typical unbearable person from That was him, the typical unbearable person from That was him, the typical unbearable person from music. Yes, literally, let him kill, let him die music. Yes, literally, let him kill, let him die music. Yes, literally, let him kill, let him die autotun and things like that. But no, from autotun and things like that. But no, from autotun and things like that. But no, from I told you I sometimes did it in a small square I told you I sometimes did it in a small square I told you I sometimes did it in a small square Here's the twist. Why do people hate me? Here's the twist. Why do people hate me? Here's the twist. Why do people hate me? He lies like that, like, tell me three blocks He lies like that, like, tell me three blocks He lies like that, like, tell me three blocks And there are [laughs] seven? I mean, I don't And there are [laughs] seven? I mean, I don't And there are [laughs] seven? I mean, I don't You said they're not in front, I mean, You said they're not in front, I mean, You said they're not in front, I mean, We've already gone two blocks. It can never be We've already gone two blocks. It can never be We've already gone two blocks. It can never be facing each other, facing each other, facing each other, It can never be three blocks away. It can never be three blocks away. It can never be three blocks away. I told you, three blocks around the corner. I told you, three blocks around the corner. I told you, three blocks around the corner. Bautista told me, "He wants a coffee shop." Bautista told me, "He wants a coffee shop." Bautista told me, "He wants a coffee shop." "Is there a coffee shop nearby?" I told you, "Is there a coffee shop nearby?" I told you, "Is there a coffee shop nearby?" I told you, "Yes, a little distance. Three blocks. It gives the "Yes, a little distance. Three blocks. It gives the "Yes, a little distance. Three blocks. It gives the back again, back again, back again, Turn around. It's two blocks and one for Turn around. It's two blocks and one for Turn around. It's two blocks and one for there. How annoying! We arrived at the little cafe. there. How annoying! We arrived at the little cafe. there. How annoying! We arrived at the little cafe. Quad Quad Quad three. We literally made three paintings. three. We literally made three paintings. three. We literally made three paintings. And there it is. Hello good. Order a coffee with And there it is. Hello good. Order a coffee with And there it is. Hello good. Order a coffee with bed to take you to. Eyes, bed to take you to. Eyes, bed to take you to. Eyes, It's not that you don't want to order some croissants It's not that you don't want to order some croissants It's not that you don't want to order some croissants for lunch. for lunch. for lunch. Two half-moons and we make one and one. Two half-moons and we make one and one. Two half-moons and we make one and one. Ah, I Ah, I Ah, I Okay, three croissants and I'll eat. Okay, three croissants and I'll eat. Okay, three croissants and I'll eat. a. a. a. Dale. I can add the two medial ones. Dale. I can add the two medial ones. Dale. I can add the two medial ones. moons and I'll add one more. moons and I'll add one more. moons and I'll add one more. Three half-moons. Three half-moons. Three half-moons. Three med happens that the combo comes Three med happens that the combo comes Three med happens that the combo comes The combo comes with two crescent moons. A The combo comes with two crescent moons. A The combo comes with two crescent moons. A flat white with two crescents. flat white with two crescents. flat white with two crescents. No, no, I beat No, no, I beat No, no, I beat It's late because the combo says flat white plus It's late because the combo says flat white plus It's late because the combo says flat white plus two half-moons. Ah, okay, okay. Yeah, two half-moons. Ah, okay, okay. Yeah, two half-moons. Ah, okay, okay. Yeah, just like a flat wi last, no, there isn't just like a flat wi last, no, there isn't just like a flat wi last, no, there isn't problem. problem. problem. You're going to see a flat. You're going to see a flat. You're going to see a flat. Honestly, I don't care. Honestly, I don't care. Honestly, I don't care. In fact, I don't even know what a is. In fact, I don't even know what a is. In fact, I don't even know what a is. flat white. Imagine. flat white. Imagine. flat white. Imagine. It's with very little milk, right? It's with very little milk, right? It's with very little milk, right? Ah, it's the cutter's cut. Ah, it's the cutter's cut. Ah, it's the cutter's cut. The latte has more milk than the flat. The latte has more milk than the flat. The latte has more milk than the flat. Look at that cute plant. Look at that cute plant. Look at that cute plant. Super flirty. Sofi needs it to come out Super flirty. Sofi needs it to come out Super flirty. Sofi needs it to come out That late and Sofi still hasn't gotten it. That late and Sofi still hasn't gotten it. That late and Sofi still hasn't gotten it. arlate. Look at this super toy! arlate. Look at this super toy! arlate. Look at this super toy! heart. How sad that you're going to make me feel. heart. How sad that you're going to make me feel. heart. How sad that you're going to make me feel. very dear flower very dear flower very dear flower flower makes but flower flower with a punch or flower makes but flower flower with a punch or flower makes but flower flower with a punch or Atlas type, I don't know. I don't know what he's trying to do. Atlas type, I don't know. I don't know what he's trying to do. Atlas type, I don't know. I don't know what he's trying to do. I think he told us that he did it with I think he told us that he did it with I think he told us that he did it with awl. awl. awl. I don't know what he's trying to do. The other day I don't know what he's trying to do. The other day I don't know what he's trying to do. The other day I adopted a Machiavellian expression. [laughs] I adopted a Machiavellian expression. [laughs] I adopted a Machiavellian expression. [laughs] You didn't take a picture of it. You didn't take a picture of it. You didn't take a picture of it. Because it seems to me that it must be on TikTok Because it seems to me that it must be on TikTok Because it seems to me that it must be on TikTok what they see as awls. What is what they see as awls. What is what they see as awls. What is You froth the milk and when you have You froth the milk and when you have You froth the milk and when you have And while we're at it, the coffee with milk, with the And while we're at it, the coffee with milk, with the And while we're at it, the coffee with milk, with the You draw it with the cream using a stylus, You draw it with the cream using a stylus, You draw it with the cream using a stylus, Do you understand? And so did the little bear that we Do you understand? And so did the little bear that we Do you understand? And so did the little bear that we He had shown it once, but if it comes out He had shown it once, but if it comes out He had shown it once, but if it comes out Something creepier, I don't know what it is anymore Something creepier, I don't know what it is anymore Something creepier, I don't know what it is anymore seeing. seeing. seeing. A face, two dots, and a smile. A face, two dots, and a smile. A face, two dots, and a smile. I said, "Never mind, Flor, thank you very much." But I said, "Never mind, Flor, thank you very much." But I said, "Never mind, Flor, thank you very much." But Do you know what it's like to make coffee with the face of Do you know what it's like to make coffee with the face of Do you know what it's like to make coffee with the face of Bautista, who just put it as if Bautista, who just put it as if Bautista, who just put it as if was the arlate, like the crescent moons was the arlate, like the crescent moons was the arlate, like the crescent moons still, still, still, I don't think so. The croissants are there I don't think so. The croissants are there I don't think so. The croissants are there which will be eaten by us. You which will be eaten by us. You which will be eaten by us. You My experience with a flat white was... My experience with a flat white was... My experience with a flat white was... positive or negative. positive or negative. positive or negative. Late at the end Late at the end Late at the end It doesn't have less milk. It doesn't have less milk. It doesn't have less milk. He didn't tell me what to do with a latte, it doesn't happen He didn't tell me what to do with a latte, it doesn't happen He didn't tell me what to do with a latte, it doesn't happen nothing. nothing. nothing. Ah, okay. In other words, it wasn't a flat. Ah, okay. In other words, it wasn't a flat. Ah, okay. In other words, it wasn't a flat. Here we have the crescent rolls that Here we have the crescent rolls that Here we have the crescent rolls that you painted. you painted. you painted. Yes, the ones from this place are delicious. Yes, the ones from this place are delicious. Yes, the ones from this place are delicious. [snort] Mhm. And someone else also has [snort] Mhm. And someone else also has [snort] Mhm. And someone else also has won a crescent moon. won a crescent moon. won a crescent moon. I would have liked ham and cheese. I would have liked ham and cheese. I would have liked ham and cheese. I have neither ham nor cheese. The other. My house is like this. Never beating The other. My house is like this. Never beating The other. My house is like this. Never beating the YouTube comments allegations. Kenny the YouTube comments allegations. Kenny the YouTube comments allegations. Kenny He's a son of a [ __ ] when it comes to food. Yeah, He's a son of a [ __ ] when it comes to food. Yeah, He's a son of a [ __ ] when it comes to food. Yeah, But he's my son of a [ __ ] with the food and But he's my son of a [ __ ] with the food and But he's my son of a [ __ ] with the food and her ex, son of a [ __ ], with the food because her ex, son of a [ __ ], with the food because her ex, son of a [ __ ], with the food because Kenny abandoned him Kenny abandoned him Kenny abandoned him I didn't abandon him. Stop that nonsense I didn't abandon him. Stop that nonsense I didn't abandon him. Stop that nonsense It's not mine. Well, cheers to some people It's not mine. Well, cheers to some people It's not mine. Well, cheers to some people to the movies and I said, oh, cool, let's go to to the movies and I said, oh, cool, let's go to to the movies and I said, oh, cool, let's go to cinema, let's see Spider-Man. Which cinema, let's see Spider-Man. Which cinema, let's see Spider-Man. Which The topic? I said, well, what should I wear? Me The topic? I said, well, what should I wear? Me The topic? I said, well, what should I wear? Me I want to look a little nicer. In other words, no I want to look a little nicer. In other words, no I want to look a little nicer. In other words, no both because it's quite a plan both because it's quite a plan both because it's quite a plan impromptu, dude, it's not a date. AND impromptu, dude, it's not a date. AND impromptu, dude, it's not a date. AND I found a sweater from 2020. And I'm like, I found a sweater from 2020. And I'm like, I found a sweater from 2020. And I'm like, I know that the larger sizes were... I know that the larger sizes were... I know that the larger sizes were... fashion. fashion. fashion. Oh, Oh, Oh, But I think I trusted him a little too much. But I think I trusted him a little too much. But I think I trusted him a little too much. grass. What is this? In what world? In grass. What is this? In what world? In grass. What is this? In what world? In What universe? I ordered something from this. What universe? I ordered something from this. What universe? I ordered something from this. explosion? Guys, I don't think you guys explosion? Guys, I don't think you guys explosion? Guys, I don't think you guys They understand the seriousness of the situation. They understand the seriousness of the situation. They understand the seriousness of the situation. I mean, Why do I have some of this detail? Why do I have some of this detail? Why do I have some of this detail? in my closet? I think I went a little off the rails in my closet? I think I went a little off the rails in my closet? I think I went a little off the rails To the grass, right? With the oversize. Like what To the grass, right? With the oversize. Like what To the grass, right? With the oversize. Like what I took the oversize thing to heart. EITHER I took the oversize thing to heart. EITHER I took the oversize thing to heart. EITHER Well, it can still be used, I can give it to you Well, it can still be used, I can give it to you Well, it can still be used, I can give it to you one use, that is, I can hide it from myself because one use, that is, I can hide it from myself because one use, that is, I can hide it from myself because everywhere and use it like that, which I think everywhere and use it like that, which I think everywhere and use it like that, which I think It's a good option. But guys, this It's a good option. But guys, this It's a good option. But guys, this It's delusional. I imagined it. It's delusional. I imagined it. It's delusional. I imagined it. big. I remember when I did it big. I remember when I did it big. I remember when I did it I bought it, I said, "Uh, it's cool reverse, I bought it, I said, "Uh, it's cool reverse, I bought it, I said, "Uh, it's cool reverse, reversey. What is this? It's delusional." reversey. What is this? It's delusional." reversey. What is this? It's delusional." But anyway, let's basically... But anyway, let's basically... But anyway, let's basically... Let's pretend he didn't even have it Let's pretend he didn't even have it Let's pretend he didn't even have it Nothing to do tonight, neither do I Nothing to do tonight, neither do I Nothing to do tonight, neither do I I had nothing to do that night and went I had nothing to do that night and went I had nothing to do that night and went like, "Hey, it's been a long time since we went to the movies. like, "Hey, it's been a long time since we went to the movies. like, "Hey, it's been a long time since we went to the movies. Let's go to the movies, we love going to the movies. Let's go to the movies, we love going to the movies. Let's go to the movies, we love going to the movies. So we're going to the movies to see So we're going to the movies to see So we're going to the movies to see Spider-Man. I watched the movies of Spider-Man. I watched the movies of Spider-Man. I watched the movies of Tom Holland's Spider-Man, right? But me Tom Holland's Spider-Man, right? But me Tom Holland's Spider-Man, right? But me I saw Spider-Man: No Way Home, so I know I saw Spider-Man: No Way Home, so I know I saw Spider-Man: No Way Home, so I know How does that end? So I guess that How does that end? So I guess that How does that end? So I guess that That makes the situation easier for me [music]. That makes the situation easier for me [music]. That makes the situation easier for me [music]. Maybe we'll go to the movies with the Uti. Maybe we'll go to the movies with the Uti. Maybe we'll go to the movies with the Uti. because we like the idea of ​​going to the movies, because we like the idea of ​​going to the movies, because we like the idea of ​​going to the movies, No? Because of the film itself. In fact, No? Because of the film itself. In fact, No? Because of the film itself. In fact, We want to go see Minions. We want to go see Minions. We want to go see Minions. What's the problem? Since it's a What's the problem? Since it's a What's the problem? Since it's a children's film, they don't have screenings children's film, they don't have screenings children's film, they don't have screenings Lauti usually works at night and during the day Lauti usually works at night and during the day Lauti usually works at night and during the day work. It doesn't look like we'll be going to stop 2 work. It doesn't look like we'll be going to stop 2 work. It doesn't look like we'll be going to stop 2 hours in the afternoon and go to the movies, but hours in the afternoon and go to the movies, but hours in the afternoon and go to the movies, but We really want to see We really want to see We really want to see Minions, but we can't go see Minions, but we can't go see Minions, but we can't go see Minions because there are no functions to the Minions because there are no functions to the Minions because there are no functions to the night and we want to go see the night and we want to go see the night and we want to go see the Minions night. They can put at least Minions night. They can put at least Minions night. They can put at least a performance in the evening, at 8 pm a performance in the evening, at 8 pm a performance in the evening, at 8 pm I'll accept it at night, but not at 5 am. I'll accept it at night, but not at 5 am. I'll accept it at night, but not at 5 am. This afternoon, please. Not at all, I'm This afternoon, please. Not at all, I'm This afternoon, please. Not at all, I'm preparing for now. I put these on preparing for now. I put these on preparing for now. I put these on jeans that belong to Sofia, they aren't even jeans that belong to Sofia, they aren't even jeans that belong to Sofia, they aren't even They were mine, but I stole them. Actually, I They were mine, but I stole them. Actually, I They were mine, but I stole them. Actually, I He gave them away because he was going to give them away, and I He gave them away because he was going to give them away, and I He gave them away because he was going to give them away, and I I told him, "Hey, I like them." And I tried it on I told him, "Hey, I like them." And I tried it on I told him, "Hey, I like them." And I tried it on And I liked them, so I stole them. And I liked them, so I stole them. And I liked them, so I stole them. Well, in the end I don't think I'm going to Well, in the end I don't think I'm going to Well, in the end I don't think I'm going to put on that sweater because I feel it's put on that sweater because I feel it's put on that sweater because I feel it's very uncomfortable having him so far in very uncomfortable having him so far in very uncomfortable having him so far in The shirt, guys, is too big. I mean, The shirt, guys, is too big. I mean, The shirt, guys, is too big. I mean, Wow, I'm shocked at how big it is! Wow, I'm shocked at how big it is! Wow, I'm shocked at how big it is! is. I didn't think I had something so big is. I didn't think I had something so big is. I didn't think I had something so big in my power. I can't believe it. Guy, in my power. I can't believe it. Guy, in my power. I can't believe it. Guy, I can't believe when I used I can't believe when I used I can't believe when I used that. I'm going to use this blackout cream for that. I'm going to use this blackout cream for that. I'm going to use this blackout cream for I'm not in the mood for the microphone. I'm not in the mood for the microphone. I'm not in the mood for the microphone. I have nothing else to do with it. I have nothing else to do with it. I have nothing else to do with it. hook it up. I used it because the other day hook it up. I used it because the other day hook it up. I used it because the other day I was told a leis I I was told a leis I I was told a leis I It super-inflated and nothing, I started to get It super-inflated and nothing, I started to get It super-inflated and nothing, I started to get I've had this blackout before. I've had this blackout before. I've had this blackout before. that my gum had become inflamed. HE that my gum had become inflamed. HE that my gum had become inflamed. HE He sees that I have problems with anemia. I already He sees that I have problems with anemia. I already He sees that I have problems with anemia. I already I made an appointment with the dentist. Oh well, I made an appointment with the dentist. Oh well, I made an appointment with the dentist. Oh well, I'm going to put on a little makeup. I'm going to put on a little makeup. I'm going to put on a little makeup. The makeup is the same as always. The makeup is the same as always. The makeup is the same as always. guys. They have no idea what's going on guys. They have no idea what's going on guys. They have no idea what's going on raining. In other words, there hasn't been one for a long time. raining. In other words, there hasn't been one for a long time. raining. In other words, there hasn't been one for a long time. Such an awful day, and the worst part is that tomorrow Such an awful day, and the worst part is that tomorrow Such an awful day, and the worst part is that tomorrow It says sunny all day, but cold. It says sunny all day, but cold. It says sunny all day, but cold. Hopefully this rain has already washed it away Hopefully this rain has already washed it away Hopefully this rain has already washed it away And yet it stopped crying. I love the rain And yet it stopped crying. I love the rain And yet it stopped crying. I love the rain Same here. I love the rain, I love the days Same here. I love the rain, I love the days Same here. I love the rain, I love the days I love rainy days. I love rainy days. I love rainy days. rainy. Obviously I prefer it to be rainy. Obviously I prefer it to be rainy. Obviously I prefer it to be a rainy Sunday that I don't have to a rainy Sunday that I don't have to a rainy Sunday that I don't have to do absolutely nothing, but I love the do absolutely nothing, but I love the do absolutely nothing, but I love the rainy days. Yes. Now that they are already rainy days. Yes. Now that they are already rainy days. Yes. Now that they are already three in a row, no way, that's it. Give me three in a row, no way, that's it. Give me three in a row, no way, that's it. Give me One rainy day and that's it. I love TikToks that One rainy day and that's it. I love TikToks that One rainy day and that's it. I love TikToks that They say, "Well, cool couples are the ones who They say, "Well, cool couples are the ones who They say, "Well, cool couples are the ones who "They won't let cinema die." That's how I feel. "They won't let cinema die." That's how I feel. "They won't let cinema die." That's how I feel. I'm with Lautaro because we go to the movies every day. I'm with Lautaro because we go to the movies every day. I'm with Lautaro because we go to the movies every day. time. I mean, seriously, going to the movies is time. I mean, seriously, going to the movies is time. I mean, seriously, going to the movies is a great plan. Yes, we a great plan. Yes, we a great plan. Yes, we Lately we've been asking each other Lately we've been asking each other Lately we've been asking each other popcorn, sweet and salty, and uh the popcorn, sweet and salty, and uh the popcorn, sweet and salty, and uh the We mix it up, and well, what I do is We mix it up, and well, what I do is We mix it up, and well, what I do is put Rocklets in it. Sometimes he doesn't put Rocklets in it. Sometimes he doesn't put Rocklets in it. Sometimes he doesn't We put in Rocklets because it's not that much We put in Rocklets because it's not that much We put in Rocklets because it's not that much of the sweet, but I realize that of the sweet, but I realize that of the sweet, but I realize that In the movies, yes, I prefer sweet things. In In the movies, yes, I prefer sweet things. In In the movies, yes, I prefer sweet things. In Normal life, I'm team salty all the time Normal life, I'm team salty all the time Normal life, I'm team salty all the time life. Now that I'm at the movies, I have life. Now that I'm at the movies, I have life. Now that I'm at the movies, I have I feel like, I don't know, eating chocolate. I don't know I feel like, I don't know, eating chocolate. I don't know I feel like, I don't know, eating chocolate. I don't know Why does cinema evoke that in me? Like what Why does cinema evoke that in me? Like what Why does cinema evoke that in me? Like what Watching a movie makes me want to eat Watching a movie makes me want to eat Watching a movie makes me want to eat chocolate and today on top of that I got sick. Today chocolate and today on top of that I got sick. Today chocolate and today on top of that I got sick. Today I'm feeling unwell, so I'm even more eager to I'm feeling unwell, so I'm even more eager to I'm feeling unwell, so I'm even more eager to I have something sweet to eat. So I'm going to I have something sweet to eat. So I'm going to I have something sweet to eat. So I'm going to propose if you want before propose if you want before propose if you want before Where did that brand come from? I'm going to... Where did that brand come from? I'm going to... Where did that brand come from? I'm going to... suggest if he wants to go to the kosco suggest if he wants to go to the kosco suggest if he wants to go to the kosco buy us sweet treats and take them in buy us sweet treats and take them in buy us sweet treats and take them in a wallet, in my backpack or whatever a wallet, in my backpack or whatever a wallet, in my backpack or whatever It was out, and so we didn't buy popcorn. It was out, and so we didn't buy popcorn. It was out, and so we didn't buy popcorn. because the last time we went to the movies because the last time we went to the movies because the last time we went to the movies We didn't eat them all, and it was like, We didn't eat them all, and it was like, We didn't eat them all, and it was like, "Hey, I prefer to eat more Rocklets or "Hey, I prefer to eat more Rocklets or "Hey, I prefer to eat more Rocklets or Nonsense like that, and in the cinema they rip you off Nonsense like that, and in the cinema they rip you off Nonsense like that, and in the cinema they rip you off "Those prices are ridiculous." Then let's go "Those prices are ridiculous." Then let's go "Those prices are ridiculous." Then let's go a kiosk, let's buy a potpourri of a kiosk, let's buy a potpourri of a kiosk, let's buy a potpourri of sweets and let's carry it in the backpack. End. sweets and let's carry it in the backpack. End. sweets and let's carry it in the backpack. End. And let that be our food. And let that be our food. And let that be our food. Ah, let's see it in 3D. Do you know how to do it? Ah, let's see it in 3D. Do you know how to do it? Ah, let's see it in 3D. Do you know how to do it? How long has it been since I saw a 3D movie? I'm How long has it been since I saw a 3D movie? I'm How long has it been since I saw a 3D movie? I'm very excited. You know, I'm very very excited. You know, I'm very very excited. You know, I'm very moved. I haven't seen one in a long time. moved. I haven't seen one in a long time. moved. I haven't seen one in a long time. 3D movie and I feel like Spider-Man 3D movie and I feel like Spider-Man 3D movie and I feel like Spider-Man In 3D it would look very... it's going to look very... In 3D it would look very... it's going to look very... In 3D it would look very... it's going to look very... cool. The uti hates 3D, but why? cool. The uti hates 3D, but why? cool. The uti hates 3D, but why? Because she wears glasses and since the Because she wears glasses and since the Because she wears glasses and since the People who use glasses to see are People who use glasses to see are People who use glasses to see are It's really uncomfortable to watch a 3D movie. But It's really uncomfortable to watch a 3D movie. But It's really uncomfortable to watch a 3D movie. But It was the best time and I told him, like, It was the best time and I told him, like, It was the best time and I told him, like, "Hey, if not, it's no big deal." Dude, not the "Hey, if not, it's no big deal." Dude, not the "Hey, if not, it's no big deal." Dude, not the we see it in 3D. Ah, no, in the end it wasn't we see it in 3D. Ah, no, in the end it wasn't we see it in 3D. Ah, no, in the end it wasn't We took out 3D. Oh, no, of course, because We took out 3D. Oh, no, of course, because We took out 3D. Oh, no, of course, because Lautaro doesn't like it in 3D, so no Lautaro doesn't like it in 3D, so no Lautaro doesn't like it in 3D, so no We made it in 3D. Good heavens! We made it in 3D. Good heavens! We made it in 3D. Good heavens! I wanted to see it in 3D. Well, another one I wanted to see it in 3D. Well, another one I wanted to see it in 3D. Well, another one The movie will be the one I see in 3D. But I know The movie will be the one I see in 3D. But I know The movie will be the one I see in 3D. But I know because all the people with the with because all the people with the with because all the people with the with The ones I went to the movies who wear glasses are The ones I went to the movies who wear glasses are The ones I went to the movies who wear glasses are It's like they hate 3D movies It's like they hate 3D movies It's like they hate 3D movies because it's really uncomfortable. I think you weigh because it's really uncomfortable. I think you weigh because it's really uncomfortable. I think you weigh You have to put on a dual-lens type and the You have to put on a dual-lens type and the You have to put on a dual-lens type and the beautiful half bad, so it makes sense. beautiful half bad, so it makes sense. beautiful half bad, so it makes sense. But oh well, it'll be 2D. It's strange since But oh well, it'll be 2D. It's strange since But oh well, it'll be 2D. It's strange since I have appointments, so when I get ready I have appointments, so when I get ready I have appointments, so when I get ready I prepare myself, like, I don't prepare with I prepare myself, like, I don't prepare with I prepare myself, like, I don't prepare with Sofi. I was used to that when Sofi. I was used to that when Sofi. I was used to that when I would put on makeup, I would put on makeup like with I would put on makeup, I would put on makeup like with I would put on makeup, I would put on makeup like with Sofi, because we were going out and we're already out Sofi, because we were going out and we're already out Sofi, because we were going out and we're already out further. But we didn't go out anymore, not because further. But we didn't go out anymore, not because further. But we didn't go out anymore, not because We don't have boyfriends, but because we both... We don't have boyfriends, but because we both... We don't have boyfriends, but because we both... that we are in a time when we don't that we are in a time when we don't that we are in a time when we don't We want to go out. Like in the We want to go out. Like in the We want to go out. Like in the that time when we uploaded a lot of G Re with me and that time when we uploaded a lot of G Re with me and that time when we uploaded a lot of G Re with me and That was because we were genuinely going out That was because we were genuinely going out That was because we were genuinely going out a lot, I mean, we went out for what a lot, I mean, we went out for what a lot, I mean, we went out for what It's a lot for us, it was a weekend It's a lot for us, it was a weekend It's a lot for us, it was a weekend Yes, not a weekend, a weekend Yes, not a weekend, a weekend Yes, not a weekend, a weekend one week yes, one weekend no, and we one week yes, one weekend no, and we one week yes, one weekend no, and we rotted. Dude, I feel like when you guys go out rotted. Dude, I feel like when you guys go out rotted. Dude, I feel like when you guys go out very often after so much time is very often after so much time is very often after so much time is It's like it's rotting you and we're both in It's like it's rotting you and we're both in It's like it's rotting you and we're both in a time that rotted us, that's why not a time that rotted us, that's why not a time that rotted us, that's why not It goes hand in hand with having partners or It goes hand in hand with having partners or It goes hand in hand with having partners or nothing. But anyway, I had already nothing. But anyway, I had already nothing. But anyway, I had already used to me every time used to me every time used to me every time I did my makeup with Sofia and I did my makeup with Sofia and I did my makeup with Sofia and now that I have dates and I do my own makeup now that I have dates and I do my own makeup now that I have dates and I do my own makeup And doing my makeup without Sofia is weird, it's like And doing my makeup without Sofia is weird, it's like And doing my makeup without Sofia is weird, it's like It's boring to do your makeup without a friend. But It's boring to do your makeup without a friend. But It's boring to do your makeup without a friend. But Well, we have to go out again, so Well, we have to go out again, so Well, we have to go out again, so We did our makeup together because this is already We did our makeup together because this is already We did our makeup together because this is already It was my makeup and I'm done. It was my makeup and I'm done. It was my makeup and I'm done. Look, I did my hair a little, do you like it? Look, I did my hair a little, do you like it? Look, I did my hair a little, do you like it? I'm trying to be more flirtatious I'm trying to be more flirtatious I'm trying to be more flirtatious because the reality is that when I am because the reality is that when I am because the reality is that when I am unwell, that is, me talking unwell, that is, me talking unwell, that is, me talking Seriously, I am a person with low Seriously, I am a person with low Seriously, I am a person with low self-esteem, no seriously no. Is self-esteem, no seriously no. Is self-esteem, no seriously no. Is a completely normal topic in my life. a completely normal topic in my life. a completely normal topic in my life. I am a person with low self-esteem. No I am a person with low self-esteem. No I am a person with low self-esteem. No I look pretty. I don't see myself at all I look pretty. I don't see myself at all I look pretty. I don't see myself at all A little bit pretty. But on the days I am A little bit pretty. But on the days I am A little bit pretty. But on the days I am If I'm ready, I look three times as ugly. EITHER If I'm ready, I look three times as ugly. EITHER If I'm ready, I look three times as ugly. EITHER Wow, it's awful how ugly I feel Wow, it's awful how ugly I feel Wow, it's awful how ugly I feel when I'm ready. So, that's it. when I'm ready. So, that's it. when I'm ready. So, that's it. I tried to be a little more flirtatious. No I tried to be a little more flirtatious. No I tried to be a little more flirtatious. No I don't know if I succeeded. [ovation] I don't know if I succeeded. [ovation] I don't know if I succeeded. [ovation] I don't know what they're saying. In the end I chose this one I don't know what they're saying. In the end I chose this one I don't know what they're saying. In the end I chose this one jacket, because I'm going to put on another one jacket, because I'm going to put on another one jacket, because I'm going to put on another one I'll put on my jacket because it's very cold and I'll put on my jacket because it's very cold and I'll put on my jacket because it's very cold and It's still raining, so what the heck It's still raining, so what the heck It's still raining, so what the heck I have to manufacture it because otherwise what will happen to me? I have to manufacture it because otherwise what will happen to me? I have to manufacture it because otherwise what will happen to me? I'm freezing. And that's it, it's done. I'm freezing. And that's it, it's done. I'm freezing. And that's it, it's done. coming here because it happens to me coming here because it happens to me coming here because it happens to me search and from here we'll go to the movies. AND search and from here we'll go to the movies. AND search and from here we'll go to the movies. AND Well, nothing. Well, nothing. Well, nothing. Let's watch Spider-Man. Lautaro nor Let's watch Spider-Man. Lautaro nor Let's watch Spider-Man. Lautaro nor The one with the three of them wasn't even seen The one with the three of them wasn't even seen The one with the three of them wasn't even seen Not even Spider-Mans together. But Not even Spider-Mans together. But Not even Spider-Mans together. But Well, like I said, it's the little plan. Well, like I said, it's the little plan. Well, like I said, it's the little plan. to go to the movies and have a good time for a while to go to the movies and have a good time for a while to go to the movies and have a good time for a while more than for the film itself. You more than for the film itself. You more than for the film itself. You They can dress very beautifully, they can be They can dress very beautifully, they can be They can dress very beautifully, they can be divine, but for my wife the most divine, but for my wife the most divine, but for my wife the most The important thing is the perfume and I have mine The important thing is the perfume and I have mine The important thing is the perfume and I have mine a perfume that has always been my scent and a perfume that has always been my scent and a perfume that has always been my scent and In fact, I'm not the one saying it, he says it In fact, I'm not the one saying it, he says it In fact, I'm not the one saying it, he says it many people. Because? Because it is a many people. Because? Because it is a many people. Because? Because it is a Very strong perfume and I use it all the time Very strong perfume and I use it all the time Very strong perfume and I use it all the time Damn time. He shouldn't use all of it. Damn time. He shouldn't use all of it. Damn time. He shouldn't use all of it. Damn time because it's a very perfume Damn time because it's a very perfume Damn time because it's a very perfume It's strong, it's more for nighttime, but I'll do it It's strong, it's more for nighttime, but I'll do it It's strong, it's more for nighttime, but I'll do it I even wear it during the day because it's my scent, it's I even wear it during the day because it's my scent, it's I even wear it during the day because it's my scent, it's my perfume and if there's anything that for me my perfume and if there's anything that for me my perfume and if there's anything that for me It's worth spending the money on a It's worth spending the money on a It's worth spending the money on a good perfume. So I'm going to tell you my good perfume. So I'm going to tell you my good perfume. So I'm going to tell you my perfume, which I've probably already said a million times. perfume, which I've probably already said a million times. perfume, which I've probably already said a million times. times, but well, in case you don't know times, but well, in case you don't know times, but well, in case you don't know What is this, girls, boys, or I don't know, the What is this, girls, boys, or I don't know, the What is this, girls, boys, or I don't know, the who like this type of fragrance, who like this type of fragrance, who like this type of fragrance, If you feel like spending money on a If you feel like spending money on a If you feel like spending money on a If you don't know which perfume to choose, try this one. If you don't know which perfume to choose, try this one. If you don't know which perfume to choose, try this one. This is my scent. If you say, "A This is my scent. If you say, "A This is my scent. If you say, "A "What does YouTube cookie smell like?" To this "What does YouTube cookie smell like?" To this "What does YouTube cookie smell like?" To this I put on perfume, I put on too much. I put on perfume, I put on too much. I put on perfume, I put on too much. So it's a perfume that really... So it's a perfume that really... So it's a perfume that really... I love him madly. I've been wearing it since, no I love him madly. I've been wearing it since, no I love him madly. I've been wearing it since, no I know, 2020, and from 2021 onwards for sure. I know, 2020, and from 2021 onwards for sure. I know, 2020, and from 2021 onwards for sure. because I've used it for school. Is because I've used it for school. Is because I've used it for school. Is a perfume, I don't know what it's called, a perfume, I don't know what it's called, a perfume, I don't know what it's called, But when, you know, when you pass by But when, you know, when you pass by But when, you know, when you pass by walking and the perfume lingers, like, and you walking and the perfume lingers, like, and you walking and the perfume lingers, like, and you you leave like you leave like you leave like You walk by and the perfume remains and You walk by and the perfume remains and You walk by and the perfume remains and Someone passes by the place where you are. Someone passes by the place where you are. Someone passes by the place where you are. They passed by and you said, "How delicious." They passed by and you said, "How delicious." They passed by and you said, "How delicious." "The perfume is wonderful, it lasts." And I... "The perfume is wonderful, it lasts." And I... "The perfume is wonderful, it lasts." And I... It happens, for example, when I started to It happens, for example, when I started to It happens, for example, when I started to to meet Lautaro, who the first time to meet Lautaro, who the first time to meet Lautaro, who the first time that I stayed overnight at the house of that I stayed overnight at the house of that I stayed overnight at the house of The next day Lautaro told me that The next day Lautaro told me that The next day Lautaro told me that their pillows had my scent, my scent. their pillows had my scent, my scent. their pillows had my scent, my scent. This perfume does that, it leaves a scent on This perfume does that, it leaves a scent on This perfume does that, it leaves a scent on everywhere. The sweater you wear, the sweater that everywhere. The sweater you wear, the sweater that everywhere. The sweater you wear, the sweater that You'll be left with that perfume scent. You'll be left with that perfume scent. You'll be left with that perfume scent. for centuries. I love him with all my being and for centuries. I love him with all my being and for centuries. I love him with all my being and Posta is the perfume I've been using since Posta is the perfume I've been using since Posta is the perfume I've been using since I've loved him since I was at least 17. I've loved him since I was at least 17. I've loved him since I was at least 17. with all my being and if they ever let me with all my being and if they ever let me with all my being and if they ever let me If I do it, I'm going to be very sad. Wait If I do it, I'm going to be very sad. Wait If I do it, I'm going to be very sad. Wait that this perfume be made until I that this perfume be made until I that this perfume be made until I die. The day I die, die. The day I die, die. The day I die, I want them to put this perfume on me and that I want them to put this perfume on me and that I want them to put this perfume on me and that may my corpse smell like this. I think it's may my corpse smell like this. I think it's may my corpse smell like this. I think it's What I just said was very strong, What I just said was very strong, What I just said was very strong, But I don't care because I love him. I love But I don't care because I love him. I love But I don't care because I love him. I love This perfume and I would die for this perfume. This perfume and I would die for this perfume. This perfume and I would die for this perfume. I love him. So anyway, I'll tell you I love him. So anyway, I'll tell you I love him. So anyway, I'll tell you I recommend it. There are people who don't say what I recommend it. There are people who don't say what I recommend it. There are people who don't say what They use perfume. I'm telling you, I'm sucking up to them. They use perfume. I'm telling you, I'm sucking up to them. They use perfume. I'm telling you, I'm sucking up to them. an egg. So, this is my scent and not an egg. So, this is my scent and not an egg. So, this is my scent and not I know, it's my scent. I'm going to the movies. The I know, it's my scent. I'm going to the movies. The I know, it's my scent. I'm going to the movies. The He is paying the rent. He is paying the rent. He is paying the rent. How are you paying your rent? How are you paying your rent? How are you paying your rent? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, here we come with the supermarket's ICU Well, here we come with the supermarket's ICU Well, here we come with the supermarket's ICU Let's see what treats we'll bring. Let's see what treats we'll bring. Let's see what treats we'll bring. for now for now for now to the movies. For now, we'll take that one. to the movies. For now, we'll take that one. to the movies. For now, we'll take that one. chocolate and this other one. chocolate and this other one. chocolate and this other one. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. They are very good chocolates. They are very good chocolates. They are very good chocolates. And well, there are a few things. And well, there are a few things. And well, there are a few things. I've never tried them, did you know? I've never tried them, did you know? I've never tried them, did you know? Do you want to take it? Do you want to take it? Do you want to take it? Hello. There are some that are. Hello. There are some that are. Hello. There are some that are. Look, this is what the other guy was telling you. Look, this is what the other guy was telling you. Look, this is what the other guy was telling you. the day they come in giant boxes. What are they? What are they? What are they? Watermelon ses. Watermelon ses. Watermelon ses. I hate everything watermelon, but it has, I hate everything watermelon, but it has, I hate everything watermelon, but it has, No? No? No? And I try them. Carry. Tell him what happened. And I try them. Carry. Tell him what happened. And I try them. Carry. Tell him what happened. She just came in and said to me, "Dude, aren't you She just came in and said to me, "Dude, aren't you She just came in and said to me, "Dude, aren't you "Do you know these?" And she throws it at me as if to say, "Do you know these?" And she throws it at me as if to say, "Do you know these?" And she throws it at me as if to say, "Will you take this one with you?" I'm up for it "Will you take this one with you?" I'm up for it "Will you take this one with you?" I'm up for it tell him. I'm like, "No, yeah, but I don't tell him. I'm like, "No, yeah, but I don't tell him. I'm like, "No, yeah, but I don't "I like it." And she let it go. And now I "I like it." And she let it go. And now I "I like it." And she let it go. And now I [laughs] I want this one. [laughs] I want this one. [laughs] I want this one. They are really delicious. Oh, there are some gummy bears. They are really delicious. Oh, there are some gummy bears. They are really delicious. Oh, there are some gummy bears. skitless. I didn't know. I am the person skitless. I didn't know. I am the person skitless. I didn't know. I am the person the most capricious person in the universe and I bought the most capricious person in the universe and I bought the most capricious person in the universe and I bought the Spider-Man cup. It's very good. the Spider-Man cup. It's very good. the Spider-Man cup. It's very good. It's really good because it has a beak. It's really good because it has a beak. It's really good because it has a beak. I want to say something about the things of I want to say something about the things of I want to say something about the things of of cinema. So, of cinema. So, of cinema. So, No? But you saw that you buy things like... No? But you saw that you buy things like... No? But you saw that you buy things like... These are the kinds of things they sell at the movies. The These are the kinds of things they sell at the movies. The These are the kinds of things they sell at the movies. The People aren't going to support me on this one, but the People aren't going to support me on this one, but the People aren't going to support me on this one, but the The quality is excellent. The quality is excellent. The quality is excellent. Ah, I thought you were going to criticize it. Is Ah, I thought you were going to criticize it. Is Ah, I thought you were going to criticize it. Is Excellent. Minion. Excellent. Minion. Excellent. Minion. No, I didn't show it in the video, but No, I didn't show it in the video, but No, I didn't show it in the video, but I'll show it later. I'll show it later. I'll show it later. We have a minion. We have a minion. We have a minion. Can you open it? Can you open it? Can you open it? Give me, give me some logistics. Like corn Give me, give me some logistics. Like corn Give me, give me some logistics. Like corn also. Well, look how I cut it in also. Well, look how I cut it in also. Well, look how I cut it in all this hair, really. Ah, all this hair, really. Ah, all this hair, really. Ah, It's at full capacity. It's at full capacity. It's at full capacity. Like the minion, I don't think so Like the minion, I don't think so Like the minion, I don't think so Let's use it as a base, Let's use it as a base, Let's use it as a base, It's not decoration, It's not decoration, It's not decoration, It's from It's from It's from Well, Jul, of everything we bought. Well, Jul, of everything we bought. Well, Jul, of everything we bought. We have two drinks, some popcorn that We have two drinks, some popcorn that We have two drinks, some popcorn that In the end we had to buy a bucket In the end we had to buy a bucket In the end we had to buy a bucket because I wanted the glass and the because I wanted the glass and the because I wanted the glass and the Promotions only with Balde. No, Promotions only with Balde. No, Promotions only with Balde. No, I'm thrilled too, I love popcorn. I'm thrilled too, I love popcorn. I'm thrilled too, I love popcorn. Not me, [laughs] I want the popcorn, Not me, [laughs] I want the popcorn, Not me, [laughs] I want the popcorn, I always have some left over and I think it's a I always have some left over and I think it's a I always have some left over and I think it's a waste. And well, let's make it happen. waste. And well, let's make it happen. waste. And well, let's make it happen. that we bought at the record store. that we bought at the record store. that we bought at the record store. I want to ask a question for the I want to ask a question for the I want to ask a question for the people. I know that many people have dates. people. I know that many people have dates. people. I know that many people have dates. in the movies. Set a first date. in the movies. Set a first date. in the movies. Set a first date. If you told me I only ate savory foods, If you told me I only ate savory foods, If you told me I only ate savory foods, This issue wasn't going to last long. This issue wasn't going to last long. This issue wasn't going to last long. No, I want to say something. We now No, I want to say something. We now No, I want to say something. We now We have a date at the cinema, We have a date at the cinema, We have a date at the cinema, But I feel there's nothing you But I feel there's nothing you But I feel there's nothing you what can you do to make me not like you? what can you do to make me not like you? what can you do to make me not like you? further. further. further. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But I feel like putting it on. I feel that But I feel like putting it on. I feel that But I feel like putting it on. I feel that There's something special about the pochos. There's something special about the pochos. There's something special about the pochos. cool way to eat them. I'll explain, if you cool way to eat them. I'll explain, if you cool way to eat them. I'll explain, if you You have the same first date with these You have the same first date with these You have the same first date with these talking to a girl. talking to a girl. talking to a girl. No no. Do you know what the worst part is? No no. Do you know what the worst part is? No no. Do you know what the worst part is? When you have a peanut or a corn that doesn't When you have a peanut or a corn that doesn't When you have a peanut or a corn that doesn't It exploded, what do you do with the corn? It exploded, what do you do with the corn? It exploded, what do you do with the corn? Grab the thyr's. Grab the thyr's. Grab the thyr's. I can say something. I can say something. I can say something. No. Oh, okay. That? No. Oh, okay. That? No. Oh, okay. That? Ah, I understand that I couldn't say anything. I Ah, I understand that I couldn't say anything. I Ah, I understand that I couldn't say anything. I I once had a date with a guy at the movies I once had a date with a guy at the movies I once had a date with a guy at the movies with a guy, a first date. with a guy, a first date. with a guy, a first date. I'm not interested. [laughs] I'm not interested. [laughs] I'm not interested. [laughs] I say this because I know he doesn't mind it. I say this because I know he doesn't mind it. I say this because I know he doesn't mind it. And eating was the most uncomfortable thing in the world. And eating was the most uncomfortable thing in the world. And eating was the most uncomfortable thing in the world. pocho clos. pocho clos. pocho clos. You can't do what Michael did. You can't do what Michael did. You can't do what Michael did. Jackson in Reiler who was a hor type Jackson in Reiler who was a hor type Jackson in Reiler who was a hor type like eating one thing at a time. I never saw the mythical like eating one thing at a time. I never saw the mythical like eating one thing at a time. I never saw the mythical scene of him eating one, but I never scene of him eating one, but I never scene of him eating one, but I never I noticed there was only one I noticed there was only one I noticed there was only one and like moving like a half flame, kind of and like moving like a half flame, kind of and like moving like a half flame, kind of Moving was a cool way. Moving was a cool way. Moving was a cool way. We didn't have an appointment. We didn't have an appointment. We didn't have an appointment. We came to the movies, didn't we? Cite in the We came to the movies, didn't we? Cite in the We came to the movies, didn't we? Cite in the cinema, cinema, cinema, Sure, but it was never one of ours Sure, but it was never one of ours Sure, but it was never one of ours first dates, the movie G because it doesn't first dates, the movie G because it doesn't first dates, the movie G because it doesn't can speak, can speak, can speak, You can't talk, it's shitty, something You can't talk, it's shitty, something You can't talk, it's shitty, something Controversial, they might kill me for this, but for me Controversial, they might kill me for this, but for me Controversial, they might kill me for this, but for me If you have a date at the movies with someone who If you have a date at the movies with someone who If you have a date at the movies with someone who You don't know because you don't have many You don't know because you don't have many You don't know because you don't have many You feel like talking or you feel a little shy You feel like talking or you feel a little shy You feel like talking or you feel a little shy talk. And my movie date was a guy. talk. And my movie date was a guy. talk. And my movie date was a guy. that he later wanted to use me for that he later wanted to use me for that he later wanted to use me for visits, so it's fine. It was a visits, so it's fine. It was a visits, so it's fine. It was a stupid TikToker. stupid TikToker. stupid TikToker. Tomorrow the [laughs] Tomorrow the [laughs] Tomorrow the [laughs] What did you see on Twitter that the YouTuber posted? What did you see on Twitter that the YouTuber posted? What did you see on Twitter that the YouTuber posted? No, it wasn't for real, it was for real a No, it wasn't for real, it was for real a No, it wasn't for real, it was for real a Dude, a really cool TikToker, Dude, a really cool TikToker, Dude, a really cool TikToker, But anyway, let's go But anyway, let's go But anyway, let's go I say Hul. I say Hul. I say Hul. Oh, no, of course not. Oh, no, of course not. Oh, no, of course not. I call him Hul. I say Hall, but yes I call him Hul. I say Hall, but yes I call him Hul. I say Hall, but yes We bought it here in the act. Of We bought it here in the act. Of We bought it here in the act. Of we bought in flagrante delicto we bought in flagrante delicto we bought in flagrante delicto a Pringles. a Pringles. a Pringles. Listen, stop, there's a boy coming. Listen, stop, there's a boy coming. Listen, stop, there's a boy coming. Eh, swearing. We're recording. They do it Eh, swearing. We're recording. They do it Eh, swearing. We're recording. They do it Pringle, onion and cream. It's with "Do you want to?" Pringle, onion and cream. It's with "Do you want to?" Pringle, onion and cream. It's with "Do you want to?" Will you try it? Will you try it? Will you try it? Let's see. I never tried it. With Let's see. I never tried it. With Let's see. I never tried it. With sweet popcorn. sweet popcorn. sweet popcorn. Crazy, huh? The best thing to try in life. I liked the flavor. I don't like them I liked the flavor. I don't like them I liked the flavor. I don't like them textures. textures. textures. No, things aren't going well. No, things aren't going well. No, things aren't going well. No. What else should we buy? Pooch corn No. What else should we buy? Pooch corn No. What else should we buy? Pooch corn salty with chocolate. Delight. salty with chocolate. Delight. salty with chocolate. Delight. S. S. S. They're not going to tell you anything. The last one we fell They're not going to tell you anything. The last one we fell They're not going to tell you anything. The last one we fell Because we're recording, right? Because Because we're recording, right? Because Because we're recording, right? Because We buy things. We buy things. We buy things. Those popcorn kernels have to be thrown away. Those popcorn kernels have to be thrown away. Those popcorn kernels have to be thrown away. Yes, but there are very few of them and that's a lot. Yes, but there are very few of them and that's a lot. Yes, but there are very few of them and that's a lot. popcorn, we're going to lose it. popcorn, we're going to lose it. popcorn, we're going to lose it. But that's the idea, to surprise us. But that's the idea, to surprise us. But that's the idea, to surprise us. Well, surprise, these are the ones I have for you. Well, surprise, these are the ones I have for you. Well, surprise, these are the ones I have for you. much faith. much faith. much faith. Can I try one? I never tried them Can I try one? I never tried them Can I try one? I never tried them Haribo. Haribo. Haribo. You never saw any kind of com no You never saw any kind of com no You never saw any kind of com no Haribo type. Give me the richest color. Haribo type. Give me the richest color. Haribo type. Give me the richest color. I don't know which one it is. Uh, go ahead. For me, these I don't know which one it is. Uh, go ahead. For me, these I don't know which one it is. Uh, go ahead. For me, these I don't know, they're not eaten. Like what kind of I don't know, they're not eaten. Like what kind of I don't know, they're not eaten. Like what kind of the suckers. the suckers. the suckers. You suck the snake. That's what you mean He's not the richest one for me. He's not the richest one for me. He's not the richest one for me. Oh well, it doesn't matter. Give me any one. Oh well, it doesn't matter. Give me any one. Oh well, it doesn't matter. Give me any one. The blue part is the richest for me. The blue part is the richest for me. The blue part is the richest for me. This is the richest one. Sanana type and and not This is the richest one. Sanana type and and not This is the richest one. Sanana type and and not I know what. I know what. I know what. I don't put it in my mouth and I don't put it in my mouth and I don't put it in my mouth and all. all. all. No. No. No. Mm. Guo, Mm. Guo, Mm. Guo, Very tasty. Very tasty. Very tasty. If we buy too much food If we buy too much food If we buy too much food afterwards there is nothing left. And finally, afterwards there is nothing left. And finally, afterwards there is nothing left. And finally, I was disappointed, huh? I was disappointed, huh? I was disappointed, huh? Well, the snitter, one of my chocolates Well, the snitter, one of my chocolates Well, the snitter, one of my chocolates favorites. favorites. favorites. Do you know that when I was younger I was Do you know that when I was younger I was Do you know that when I was younger I was My favorite? Over time I feel that it is My favorite? Over time I feel that it is My favorite? Over time I feel that it is The inside is very tough. It's something that The inside is very tough. It's something that The inside is very tough. It's something that an old man would say. But an old man would say. But an old man would say. But Yeah. Oh, bring me the whole Haribo. Yeah. Oh, bring me the whole Haribo. Yeah. Oh, bring me the whole Haribo. No, No, No, It's very hard. I didn't like it It's very hard. I didn't like it It's very hard. I didn't like it bite it. I just couldn't be bothered. bite it. I just couldn't be bothered. bite it. I just couldn't be bothered. suck it. [laughs] The chancel. The chancel. The chancel. And, I throw the coke inside. No no. And, I throw the coke inside. No no. And, I throw the coke inside. No no. Why not? Why not? Why not? Please. No, Please. No, Please. No, But you have to use it. But you have to use it. But you have to use it. No? With cocaine. No? With cocaine. No? With cocaine. Obvious. Obvious. Obvious. No, no [laughs] it's not going to get all sticky. No, no [laughs] it's not going to get all sticky. No, no [laughs] it's not going to get all sticky. No, sticky. I wash it at home later. No, sticky. I wash it at home later. No, sticky. I wash it at home later. I wash it at home. I'm going to I wash it at home. I'm going to I wash it at home. I'm going to I have to do laundry and I'm going to stay until I have to do laundry and I'm going to stay until I have to do laundry and I'm going to stay until 1 a.m. washing because it was left 1 a.m. washing because it was left 1 a.m. washing because it was left everything sticky. No, please, me everything sticky. No, please, me everything sticky. No, please, me loves. loves. loves. I want to use it. I bought it myself. I want to use it. I bought it myself. I want to use it. I bought it myself. Besides, sorry, people here are going to... Besides, sorry, people here are going to... Besides, sorry, people here are going to... judge. You're not going to wash it before judge. You're not going to wash it before judge. You're not going to wash it before Use it. It comes from China, Use it. It comes from China, Use it. It comes from China, But it comes specifically for this. But it comes specifically for this. But it comes specifically for this. You don't have to run a stream of water over it. You don't have to run a stream of water over it. You don't have to run a stream of water over it. I'm not going to pour any water on it. I'm not going to pour any water on it. I'm not going to pour any water on it. I cannot create what is I cannot create what is I cannot create what is The truth is they could offer to put it on you. The truth is they could offer to put it on you. The truth is they could offer to put it on you. Right there. Right there. Right there. They shouldn't do it because of a matter of They shouldn't do it because of a matter of They shouldn't do it because of a matter of cleaning. It's a completely different experience. It's a completely different experience. It's a completely different experience. It's different to take it here. Everything changes. Everything changes. Everything changes. Everything changes. It changes everything. And this. Ah, Everything changes. It changes everything. And this. Ah, Everything changes. It changes everything. And this. Ah, It doesn't come with the measurement for the It doesn't come with the measurement for the It doesn't come with the measurement for the coaster. Clear. coaster. Clear. coaster. Clear. Where can I exchange it for the m Where can I exchange it for the m Where can I exchange it for the m Okay, we're going to see the movie. Okay, we're going to see the movie. Okay, we're going to see the movie. short? There are 50. There are 20. short? There are 50. There are 20. short? There are 50. There are 20. What is the marga? Here comes another joke. What is the marga? Here comes another joke. What is the marga? Here comes another joke. Okay, let's see another joke. Okay, let's see another joke. Okay, let's see another joke. What is your preferred brand of pens? What is your preferred brand of pens? What is your preferred brand of pens? Spider-Man? Leave your comments below. Spider-Man? Leave your comments below. Spider-Man? Leave your comments below. Of pens, Of pens, Of pens, of feather. Which is the preferred pen of of feather. Which is the preferred pen of of feather. Which is the preferred pen of Spider-Man? It's very bad. Don't think about me Spider-Man? It's very bad. Don't think about me Spider-Man? It's very bad. Don't think about me both because it will seem like it's good both because it will seem like it's good both because it will seem like it's good Joke. Joke. Joke. Which? Which? Which? Parker. Parker. Parker. What is Parker? What is Parker? What is Parker? I'm either very old or I didn't have a childhood. I'm either very old or I didn't have a childhood. I'm either very old or I didn't have a childhood. Which pair? Which pair? Which pair? I never had them, but it was like I never had them, but it was like I never had them, but it was like aspirational. They put some feathers on you. Tea aspirational. They put some feathers on you. Tea aspirational. They put some feathers on you. Tea They made you write with quills. Yes, but They made you write with quills. Yes, but They made you write with quills. Yes, but In my era, the aspirational ones were In my era, the aspirational ones were In my era, the aspirational ones were those that had an eraser on the back. those that had an eraser on the back. those that had an eraser on the back. No, those were the most chill ones. No, those were the most chill ones. No, those were the most chill ones. Those enormous Those enormous Those enormous It tore the entire sheet. In my time a It tore the entire sheet. In my time a It tore the entire sheet. In my time a vacuumed for that. It happens that the vacuumed for that. It happens that the vacuumed for that. It happens that the Cartridges were extremely expensive. Cartridges were extremely expensive. Cartridges were extremely expensive. No, the one I'm talking about is one that's kind of No, the one I'm talking about is one that's kind of No, the one I'm talking about is one that's kind of a brand called Parker, which is a brand called Parker, which is a brand called Parker, which is type of the best. type of the best. type of the best. Look, I don't know, Look, I don't know, Look, I don't know, one of the best. one of the best. one of the best. The feather on top is really posh, like The feather on top is really posh, like The feather on top is really posh, like ink the ink. ink the ink. ink the ink. Have you seen those kinds of videos that are out now? Have you seen those kinds of videos that are out now? Have you seen those kinds of videos that are out now? on TikTok? It's the kind of thing I thought that on TikTok? It's the kind of thing I thought that on TikTok? It's the kind of thing I thought that They were going to have a greater influence on my adult life. They were going to have a greater influence on my adult life. They were going to have a greater influence on my adult life. I feel like one of them is kind of like the I feel like one of them is kind of like the I feel like one of them is kind of like the feather, feather type [laughs] feather, feather type [laughs] feather, feather type [laughs] with the ink, kind of, like one rethinks with the ink, kind of, like one rethinks with the ink, kind of, like one rethinks than Chinese ink. China. than Chinese ink. China. than Chinese ink. China. Well, we're not going to see the movie. See you Well, we're not going to see the movie. See you Well, we're not going to see the movie. See you then with our opinion, being two then with our opinion, being two then with our opinion, being two people who didn't see any movies people who didn't see any movies people who didn't see any movies from Tom Holland's Spider-Man. from Tom Holland's Spider-Man. from Tom Holland's Spider-Man. Ah, Tom Holland. Ah, Tom Holland. Ah, Tom Holland. From Tom Holland. Tomas the animated ones. From Tom Holland. Tomas the animated ones. From Tom Holland. Tomas the animated ones. In the end. Yes, they were 3D. In the end. Yes, they were 3D. In the end. Yes, they were 3D. It was 3D. It was 3D. It was 3D. It was 3D and it was 3D. Look, the little thing goes in. It was 3D and it was 3D. Look, the little thing goes in. It was 3D and it was 3D. Look, the little thing goes in. Z Z Z It was 3D and it had to be doubled up It was 3D and it had to be doubled up It was 3D and it had to be doubled up eyeglasses, eyeglasses, eyeglasses, But oh well, we'll see it in 3D. But oh well, we'll see it in 3D. But oh well, we'll see it in 3D. I said no, that I thought it was no I said no, that I thought it was no I said no, that I thought it was no It was 3D because of your glasses that we had It was 3D because of your glasses that we had It was 3D because of your glasses that we had said no. But [clears throat] yes, baby. Well, we're back from the movies. What do you think? Well, we're back from the movies. What do you think? Well, we're back from the movies. What do you think? I really enjoyed the movie. I really enjoyed the movie. I really enjoyed the movie. I loved it. I loved it. I loved it. I hadn't seen any of Yo's I hadn't seen any of Yo's I hadn't seen any of Yo's I only saw the Toby McCre ones. I only saw the Toby McCre ones. I only saw the Toby McCre ones. originals. originals. originals. Yes, the same thing happened to me, but I saw Yes, the same thing happened to me, but I saw Yes, the same thing happened to me, but I saw No Way Home, I think it's called, which is No Way Home, I think it's called, which is No Way Home, I think it's called, which is the one that appears in all three Spider-Man movies. the one that appears in all three Spider-Man movies. the one that appears in all three Spider-Man movies. I want to see that one. I want to see that one. I want to see that one. I saw that one. So what I told him I saw that one. So what I told him I saw that one. So what I told him to see this movie as well as it to see this movie as well as it to see this movie as well as it the only very important thing you need to know the only very important thing you need to know the only very important thing you need to know That's how Spider-Man Tom ends That's how Spider-Man Tom ends That's how Spider-Man Tom ends Holland in No Way Home. Holland in No Way Home. Holland in No Way Home. That's all you need to know, I mean, That's all you need to know, I mean, That's all you need to know, I mean, If you watch a summary, great. After, If you watch a summary, great. After, If you watch a summary, great. After, Well, one or two characters that... Well, one or two characters that... Well, one or two characters that... You know so much, but I could see her You know so much, but I could see her You know so much, but I could see her perfectly. perfectly. perfectly. Nothing happened. Great movie. And guys, Nothing happened. Great movie. And guys, Nothing happened. Great movie. And guys, [music] I'm going to leave the photo here. [music] I'm going to leave the photo here. [music] I'm going to leave the photo here. Spider-Man visited me. Spider-Man visited me. Spider-Man visited me. Spider-Man was in my building. Spider-Man was in my building. Spider-Man was in my building. She took a picture of herself in the elevator. She took a picture of herself in the elevator. She took a picture of herself in the elevator. She took a picture with me in the elevator. She took a picture with me in the elevator. She took a picture with me in the elevator. Spiderman. Hey, your song turned out really well. Hey, your song turned out really well. Hey, your song turned out really well. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, You saw. You saw. You saw. S, crack. S, crack. S, crack. Okay, now we're going to sleep because Okay, now we're going to sleep because Okay, now we're going to sleep because We're so sleepy, because they're We're so sleepy, because they're We're so sleepy, because they're Around 2 in the morning, we're leaving Around 2 in the morning, we're leaving Around 2 in the morning, we're leaving never never never You focus on me. I'm in my underwear You focus on me. I'm in my underwear You focus on me. I'm in my underwear because I'm unwell and it's my because I'm unwell and it's my because I'm unwell and it's my shortor. So you focus on me. I want to be. No, it was epic. No, it was epic. No, it was epic. Very epic. Very epic. Very epic. It was epic. It was epic. It was epic. Epic. [laughs] Epic. [laughs] Epic. [laughs] Now we're going to [snort] because Now we're going to [snort] because Now we're going to [snort] because We're very sleepy and we'll get up tomorrow. We're very sleepy and we'll get up tomorrow. We're very sleepy and we'll get up tomorrow. early because there are people here who don't do anything early because there are people here who don't do anything early because there are people here who don't do anything because I'm not going to the gym tomorrow because I'm not going to the gym tomorrow because I'm not going to the gym tomorrow from the ovarian pain I have. You can't see that I'm flying. Um, I don't know if it's showing in the Um, I don't know if it's showing in the Um, I don't know if it's showing in the camera. What the hell? The beautiful day that camera. What the hell? The beautiful day that camera. What the hell? The beautiful day that It's out of nowhere, guys. It rained yesterday It's out of nowhere, guys. It rained yesterday It's out of nowhere, guys. It rained yesterday life and today is the most beautiful day of the year life and today is the most beautiful day of the year life and today is the most beautiful day of the year practically. And with the car and we practically. And with the car and we practically. And with the car and we It happened, but I have this building It happened, but I have this building It happened, but I have this building grills that I can rent like the grills that I can rent like the grills that I can rent like the Zoom, like the gym. I have grills Zoom, like the gym. I have grills Zoom, like the gym. I have grills I don't use them. Because? Why not I don't use them. Because? Why not I don't use them. Because? Why not I know how to make barbecues, honestly. And nobody I know how to make barbecues, honestly. And nobody I know how to make barbecues, honestly. And nobody In my family, you know how to be, you know how to do In my family, you know how to be, you know how to do In my family, you know how to be, you know how to do roasts. And one day, roasts. And one day, roasts. And one day, No No No We came up with the idea of ​​a return, like me. We came up with the idea of ​​a return, like me. We came up with the idea of ​​a return, like me. I asked him, yes, I asked him once, I asked him, yes, I asked him once, I asked him, yes, I asked him once, "Lauti, do you know how to make a barbecue?" Because "Lauti, do you know how to make a barbecue?" Because "Lauti, do you know how to make a barbecue?" Because Nobody in my family knows how to make barbecue. And if Nobody in my family knows how to make barbecue. And if Nobody in my family knows how to make barbecue. And if We want to have a barbecue sometime. We want to have a barbecue sometime. We want to have a barbecue sometime. You can do it yourself. And he tells me, "Yes, but You can do it yourself. And he tells me, "Yes, but You can do it yourself. And he tells me, "Yes, but I don't like doing it that much." But oh well, I don't like doing it that much." But oh well, I don't like doing it that much." But oh well, You know, then it occurred to us that today I You know, then it occurred to us that today I You know, then it occurred to us that today I Teach me how to make a barbecue, like, let's go Teach me how to make a barbecue, like, let's go Teach me how to make a barbecue, like, let's go buy the meat. And at night I already... buy the meat. And at night I already... buy the meat. And at night I already... I reserved one of the grills, because they are I reserved one of the grills, because they are I reserved one of the grills, because they are like the three grills there are. I booked one like the three grills there are. I booked one like the three grills there are. I booked one from the grills tonight that from the grills tonight that from the grills tonight that I was free and the author is going to teach me I was free and the author is going to teach me I was free and the author is going to teach me I'm going to make a barbecue today because I studied I'm going to make a barbecue today because I studied I'm going to make a barbecue today because I studied I know how to cook and everything else. I know how to cook and everything else. I know how to cook and everything else. you want to, but cook and make a roast you want to, but cook and make a roast you want to, but cook and make a roast They are two completely different things. They are two completely different things. They are two completely different things. for me. Like what for me. Like what for me. Like what I don't know if it's different, because for me I don't know if it's different, because for me I don't know if it's different, because for me You've already got the hardest part, which is, me You've already got the hardest part, which is, me You've already got the hardest part, which is, me I think that's the hardest part for me. I think that's the hardest part for me. I think that's the hardest part for me. The cooking times are what matter with roasting. The cooking times are what matter with roasting. The cooking times are what matter with roasting. For me, the hardest part of the barbecue For me, the hardest part of the barbecue For me, the hardest part of the barbecue It's like setting fire to something. It's like setting fire to something. It's like setting fire to something. That seems more difficult than it is. That seems more difficult than it is. That seems more difficult than it is. Well, for me, I am a person who Well, for me, I am a person who Well, for me, I am a person who He doesn't know, for me the hardest thing is He doesn't know, for me the hardest thing is He doesn't know, for me the hardest thing is lighting the fire and that has nothing to do with lighting the fire and that has nothing to do with lighting the fire and that has nothing to do with see with the cases. We're not going to do it see with the cases. We're not going to do it see with the cases. We're not going to do it That's how we are, but let's say one day That's how we are, but let's say one day That's how we are, but let's say one day You're alone and you feel like doing something with your You're alone and you feel like doing something with your You're alone and you feel like doing something with your Brothers, now they sell some that are like Brothers, now they sell some that are like Brothers, now they sell some that are like a square that you light a fuse in a square that you light a fuse in a square that you light a fuse in and all the coal lights up by itself. Ah, and all the coal lights up by itself. Ah, and all the coal lights up by itself. Ah, We're not going to do it that way. Okay, We're not going to do it that way. Okay, We're not going to do it that way. Okay, But to put it in that one day you're alone and But to put it in that one day you're alone and But to put it in that one day you're alone and No, and it's a hassle, but that's how it works. But No, and it's a hassle, but that's how it works. But No, and it's a hassle, but that's how it works. But For me, you already have that, which for me... For me, you already have that, which for me... For me, you already have that, which for me... The more difficult it is, the more it depends on the cut. The more difficult it is, the more it depends on the cut. The more difficult it is, the more it depends on the cut. meats, know the cooking times meats, know the cooking times meats, know the cooking times because not all meats give you the because not all meats give you the because not all meats give you the same. same. same. And then you realize that it depends on the And then you realize that it depends on the And then you realize that it depends on the thickness of the meat, thickness of the meat, thickness of the meat, No? Because putting it there depends on the No? Because putting it there depends on the No? Because putting it there depends on the hardness can also be added hardness can also be added hardness can also be added a rib, it won't take the same amount of time a rib, it won't take the same amount of time a rib, it won't take the same amount of time to create a vacuum. But that makes sense. to create a vacuum. But that makes sense. to create a vacuum. But that makes sense. I feel like you don't have to know how to cook I feel like you don't have to know how to cook I feel like you don't have to know how to cook to realize that. Well, I don't know, to realize that. Well, I don't know, to realize that. Well, I don't know, But for me they are two different things. But for me they are two different things. But for me they are two different things. So, I studied cooking, I know the So, I studied cooking, I know the So, I studied cooking, I know the Technically, I know the theory, everything that Technically, I know the theory, everything that Technically, I know the theory, everything that you want. You never see me have a barbecue and it makes me want to you want. You never see me have a barbecue and it makes me want to you want. You never see me have a barbecue and it makes me want to panic at the thought of doing a barbecue alone. So today panic at the thought of doing a barbecue alone. So today panic at the thought of doing a barbecue alone. So today We're going to go down to the ICU and I alone to the We're going to go down to the ICU and I alone to the We're going to go down to the ICU and I alone to the grill to make a barbecue. So grill to make a barbecue. So grill to make a barbecue. So I'm going to accompany you now to buy something and I'm going to accompany you now to buy something and I'm going to accompany you now to buy something and Then I'm going home with my cat and Then I'm going home with my cat and Then I'm going home with my cat and work for a while. work for a while. work for a while. When I leave, I want to leave you one When I leave, I want to leave you one When I leave, I want to leave you one task. task. task. That That That What do you have to do? Both. No, it doesn't. What do you have to do? Both. No, it doesn't. What do you have to do? Both. No, it doesn't. lack. Which one do you choose? Either a chimi or lack. Which one do you choose? Either a chimi or lack. Which one do you choose? Either a chimi or a Creole sauce. a Creole sauce. a Creole sauce. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's nonsense. It's nonsense. It's nonsense. Okay. I've never done it, but I'm searching on Google. Okay. I've never done it, but I'm searching on Google. Okay. I've never done it, but I'm searching on Google. The Creole sauce, we have to The Creole sauce, we have to The Creole sauce, we have to buy bell pepper, tomato and onion buy bell pepper, tomato and onion buy bell pepper, tomato and onion And I think vinegar is what's used. And I think vinegar is what's used. And I think vinegar is what's used. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. The I'm not sure. I'm not sure. The I'm not sure. I'm not sure. The I'm going to get cursed out in the comments. [laughs] I'm going to get cursed out in the comments. [laughs] I'm going to get cursed out in the comments. [laughs] And for the chimi it's a little easier And for the chimi it's a little easier And for the chimi it's a little easier still because it's uh parsley garlic and still because it's uh parsley garlic and still because it's uh parsley garlic and After that, even he doesn't know, guys. Come on After that, even he doesn't know, guys. Come on After that, even he doesn't know, guys. Come on to search on Google what it leads to and that's it. But to search on Google what it leads to and that's it. But to search on Google what it leads to and that's it. But Yes, I know it. Okay. My mission is Yes, I know it. Okay. My mission is Yes, I know it. Okay. My mission is very clear. Make chimichurri and very clear. Make chimichurri and very clear. Make chimichurri and Creole girl. I asked Chati to... Creole girl. I asked Chati to... Creole girl. I asked Chati to... make the recipe, kind that forms, kind that make the recipe, kind that forms, kind that make the recipe, kind that forms, kind that research all the available recipes and research all the available recipes and research all the available recipes and that gives me the most traditional one, the most that gives me the most traditional one, the most that gives me the most traditional one, the most normal. First for the chimichurri, normal. First for the chimichurri, normal. First for the chimichurri, half a cup of fresh parsley, four half a cup of fresh parsley, four half a cup of fresh parsley, four cloves of garlic, which seems like a lot to me, cloves of garlic, which seems like a lot to me, cloves of garlic, which seems like a lot to me, Kenny, my chubby one. Four cloves of garlic, Kenny, my chubby one. Four cloves of garlic, Kenny, my chubby one. Four cloves of garlic, which I honestly think is a lot, which I honestly think is a lot, which I honestly think is a lot, oh well. He says he's carrying four oh well. He says he's carrying four oh well. He says he's carrying four garlic cloves. Oregano, ground chili pepper, garlic cloves. Oregano, ground chili pepper, garlic cloves. Oregano, ground chili pepper, salt, pepper, oil, vinegar and water salt, pepper, oil, vinegar and water salt, pepper, oil, vinegar and water tibia. That's for the chimichurri. So tibia. That's for the chimichurri. So tibia. That's for the chimichurri. So I have chopped parsley here, which is a I have chopped parsley here, which is a I have chopped parsley here, which is a lot. It happens that it happens for the other one too. lot. It happens that it happens for the other one too. lot. It happens that it happens for the other one too. I need parsley. So, that's it, since I need parsley. So, that's it, since I need parsley. So, that's it, since We're here, I picked up everything I needed. We're here, I picked up everything I needed. We're here, I picked up everything I needed. Half a cup of parsley. I have no idea Half a cup of parsley. I have no idea Half a cup of parsley. I have no idea How much is half a cup of parsley, so How much is half a cup of parsley, so How much is half a cup of parsley, so I'm going to assume half a cup of parsley I'm going to assume half a cup of parsley I'm going to assume half a cup of parsley This is it. [music] I don't want him either This is it. [music] I don't want him either This is it. [music] I don't want him either Put a lot, you see? Half a cup of Put a lot, you see? Half a cup of Put a lot, you see? Half a cup of parsley. Four cloves of garlic. Four parsley. Four cloves of garlic. Four parsley. Four cloves of garlic. Four garlic cloves. A tablespoon of oregano garlic cloves. A tablespoon of oregano garlic cloves. A tablespoon of oregano dry. With oregano. I don't have dried oregano. dry. With oregano. I don't have dried oregano. dry. With oregano. I don't have dried oregano. What kind of oregano will it be? How much is it? It is a What kind of oregano will it be? How much is it? It is a What kind of oregano will it be? How much is it? It is a tablespoon of oregano, one teaspoon of tablespoon of oregano, one teaspoon of tablespoon of oregano, one teaspoon of ground chili and mix all of this together. All ground chili and mix all of this together. All ground chili and mix all of this together. All This one gets me all worked up. I think I put This one gets me all worked up. I think I put This one gets me all worked up. I think I put too much parsley. A quarter cup of too much parsley. A quarter cup of too much parsley. A quarter cup of wine vinegar. I just asked him, wine vinegar. I just asked him, wine vinegar. I just asked him, because you have no idea how much a quarter is. because you have no idea how much a quarter is. because you have no idea how much a quarter is. cup. That's four tablespoons. cup. That's four tablespoons. cup. That's four tablespoons. One, two, three, [music] One, two, three, [music] One, two, three, [music] four. four. four. Four tablespoons of warm water. One. Four tablespoons of warm water. One. Four tablespoons of warm water. One. Two. Two. Two. Three four. There it is. Now I have to Three four. There it is. Now I have to Three four. There it is. Now I have to Let it rest for 5 minutes Let it rest for 5 minutes Let it rest for 5 minutes approximately and then we put the approximately and then we put the approximately and then we put the oil. And we're supposed to have the oil. And we're supposed to have the oil. And we're supposed to have the chimichurri. It looks like chimichurri. chimichurri. It looks like chimichurri. chimichurri. It looks like chimichurri. I think I added too much parsley to this. I think I added too much parsley to this. I think I added too much parsley to this. Well, I left it to rest there, so... Well, I left it to rest there, so... Well, I left it to rest there, so... I'm going to add the oil, which is eight I'm going to add the oil, which is eight I'm going to add the oil, which is eight tablespoons of oil. 1, two, 3, ea. AND tablespoons of oil. 1, two, 3, ea. AND tablespoons of oil. 1, two, 3, ea. AND It also said that it could be mixed with It also said that it could be mixed with It also said that it could be mixed with olive oil, so I'm going to mix it with olive oil, so I'm going to mix it with olive oil, so I'm going to mix it with olive oil. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. There it is. Does it look like it or not? I feel that There it is. Does it look like it or not? I feel that There it is. Does it look like it or not? I feel that I've seen it and it looks like that. And now I've seen it and it looks like that. And now I've seen it and it looks like that. And now You have to let it rest, at least 2 You have to let it rest, at least 2 You have to let it rest, at least 2 hours, so that's why I did it so hours, so that's why I did it so hours, so that's why I did it so early and I didn't do it before eating. early and I didn't do it before eating. early and I didn't do it before eating. So I'm going to cover it up and leave it. So I'm going to cover it up and leave it. So I'm going to cover it up and leave it. rest. And we're going to make the sauce rest. And we're going to make the sauce rest. And we're going to make the sauce Creole. I already prepared everything there. Creole. I already prepared everything there. Creole. I already prepared everything there. ingredients. I'm left with, I'm left with like ingredients. I'm left with, I'm left with like ingredients. I'm left with, I'm left with like that a lot of Creole sauce is going to come out. that a lot of Creole sauce is going to come out. that a lot of Creole sauce is going to come out. I hope Uti likes it and takes it home. I hope Uti likes it and takes it home. I hope Uti likes it and takes it home. for your home. We have cut tomatoes for your home. We have cut tomatoes for your home. We have cut tomatoes cubes, red and green bell pepper and cubes, red and green bell pepper and cubes, red and green bell pepper and little onion. I have to do all this little onion. I have to do all this little onion. I have to do all this put together. put together. put together. Okay. We already have the vegetables here. Okay. We already have the vegetables here. Okay. We already have the vegetables here. Vegetables placed. Brilliant. Oh, look what Vegetables placed. Brilliant. Oh, look what Vegetables placed. Brilliant. Oh, look what The color is lovely. I love the color of the The color is lovely. I love the color of the The color is lovely. I love the color of the vegetables. Now add parsley, salt, and pepper. vegetables. Now add parsley, salt, and pepper. vegetables. Now add parsley, salt, and pepper. and oregano. There were two tablespoons of parsley. and oregano. There were two tablespoons of parsley. and oregano. There were two tablespoons of parsley. Let's assume there's parsley, salt, Let's assume there's parsley, salt, Let's assume there's parsley, salt, pepper pepper pepper and oregano. And we mix. And now oil and vinegar, And we mix. And now oil and vinegar, And we mix. And now oil and vinegar, that is a quarter cup of oil, that is, that is a quarter cup of oil, that is, that is a quarter cup of oil, that is, It was four tablespoons of vinegar. A, It was four tablespoons of vinegar. A, It was four tablespoons of vinegar. A, two, 3, half cu of oil, that is, two, 3, half cu of oil, that is, two, 3, half cu of oil, that is, four, I mean eight. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 and four, I mean eight. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 and four, I mean eight. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 and We mixed up this issue. Well, if they're going to We mixed up this issue. Well, if they're going to We mixed up this issue. Well, if they're going to Hey guys, don't make so many. Hey guys, don't make so many. Hey guys, don't make so many. For two people, does that sound good? Them For two people, does that sound good? Them For two people, does that sound good? Them seems? But hey, you learn this with time. seems? But hey, you learn this with time. seems? But hey, you learn this with time. You learn with practice. You learn with practice. You learn with practice. And I think this is the minimum that needs to be left. And I think this is the minimum that needs to be left. And I think this is the minimum that needs to be left. Let it rest for half an hour, so the same goes for the Let it rest for half an hour, so the same goes for the Let it rest for half an hour, so the same goes for the Two things will rest for 40 hours, which is Two things will rest for 40 hours, which is Two things will rest for 40 hours, which is What will it take for me to sit down What will it take for me to sit down What will it take for me to sit down eat that meat. God, I'm so hungry eat that meat. God, I'm so hungry eat that meat. God, I'm so hungry I have. I have. I have. You're going to need, You're going to need, You're going to need, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, napkin. napkin. napkin. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Oil, it can be olive or sunflower oil. Oil, it can be olive or sunflower oil. Oil, it can be olive or sunflower oil. I have olive oil. I have olive oil. I have olive oil. Okay, perfect. Coal. Okay, perfect. Coal. Okay, perfect. Coal. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And fire. And fire. And fire. I gave you the lighter. We have it now. The I gave you the lighter. We have it now. The I gave you the lighter. We have it now. The The logic is as follows. We have to, we have to The logic is as follows. We have to, we have to The logic is as follows. We have to, we have to to make like a pyramid, a kind of to make like a pyramid, a kind of to make like a pyramid, a kind of pyramid pyramid pyramid with coal here in the corner. with coal here in the corner. with coal here in the corner. Clear. Yes, [music] in the corner. A Clear. Yes, [music] in the corner. A Clear. Yes, [music] in the corner. A a kind of pyramid in which one must a kind of pyramid in which one must a kind of pyramid in which one must leave a space in the center. In it leave a space in the center. In it leave a space in the center. In it We're going to put a napkin in the hole. We're going to put a napkin in the hole. We're going to put a napkin in the hole. with oil at the bottom and we're going to with oil at the bottom and we're going to with oil at the bottom and we're going to to set fire. to set fire. to set fire. What is oil for? What is oil for? What is oil for? Uh, stop. I always wanted to open a package Uh, stop. I always wanted to open a package Uh, stop. I always wanted to open a package So. What needs to be thrown away? No, but in the middle here I think there are No, but in the middle here I think there are No, but in the middle here I think there are to throw away. to throw away. to throw away. Oh. Don't cut it because the truth is Don't cut it because the truth is Don't cut it because the truth is Well, damn, but how did I do it like a Well, damn, but how did I do it like a Well, damn, but how did I do it like a bun? bun? bun? No, No, No, I don't know how I did it. It opened. Good, good, good. Good, good, good. Good, good, good. Stop, I want to show. Here we have the Stop, I want to show. Here we have the Stop, I want to show. Here we have the a little oil and a napkin and we make a a little oil and a napkin and we make a a little oil and a napkin and we make a cookie cookie cookie and we put it in there and we put it in there and we put it in there there there there without destroying the entire structure would be without destroying the entire structure would be without destroying the entire structure would be Ideal as it happened there. Ideal as it happened there. Ideal as it happened there. A piece of coal fell there. A piece of coal fell there. A piece of coal fell there. all the way down. all the way down. all the way down. I turn it on. I turn it on. I turn it on. Yes. Go ahead. Yes. Go ahead. Yes. Go ahead. There it is. There it is. There it is. Yes. It's starting to catch on now. Now it Yes. It's starting to catch on now. Now it Yes. It's starting to catch on now. Now it We covered it up. We have it if you want to throw away the bed We covered it up. We have it if you want to throw away the bed We covered it up. We have it if you want to throw away the bed with the rubber. But it's going to catch fire because with the rubber. But it's going to catch fire because with the rubber. But it's going to catch fire because that. that. that. Ah. And it's covered up. Of course, we have to do one Ah. And it's covered up. Of course, we have to do one Ah. And it's covered up. Of course, we have to do one little cave. little cave. little cave. Okay, Okay, Okay, We hope to see you a little longer. We hope to see you a little longer. We hope to see you a little longer. Of And that's where we have to wait. And that's where we have to wait. And that's where we have to wait. You can do it this way, you can choose not to do it this way. You can do it this way, you can choose not to do it this way. You can do it this way, you can choose not to do it this way. Ah, with the table. My dad always had Ah, with the table. My dad always had Ah, with the table. My dad always had that. that. that. Equal Equal Equal If we did all the steps correctly, it will be... If we did all the steps correctly, it will be... If we did all the steps correctly, it will be... equal. equal. equal. Stop, I want to feel like a Stop, I want to feel like a Stop, I want to feel like a grill. My dad takes precautions against this. grill. My dad takes precautions against this. grill. My dad takes precautions against this. We also don't want to lose our A We also don't want to lose our A We also don't want to lose our A the heron. the heron. the heron. Guys, this is a hack I learned Guys, this is a hack I learned Guys, this is a hack I learned in in in 5 Minute Craft, when I was 9 years old 5 Minute Craft, when I was 9 years old 5 Minute Craft, when I was 9 years old practically and I never let go. Did you see practically and I never let go. Did you see practically and I never let go. Did you see Are those things that are better to learn? Are those things that are better to learn? Are those things that are better to learn? Because they last you a lifetime, that Because they last you a lifetime, that Because they last you a lifetime, that They're idiots, but what are they? They're idiots, but what are they? They're idiots, but what are they? Postas, are posts that serve. Postas, are posts that serve. Postas, are posts that serve. Save yourself a bowl. Save yourself a bowl. Save yourself a bowl. Sure, if you don't want to wash a bowl or not Sure, if you don't want to wash a bowl or not Sure, if you don't want to wash a bowl or not You have a bowl, you grab the package and You have a bowl, you grab the package and You have a bowl, you grab the package and You try to hold on to it as best you can and You try to hold on to it as best you can and You try to hold on to it as best you can and obviously without breaking the potatoes. obviously without breaking the potatoes. obviously without breaking the potatoes. You're trying to do like this You're trying to do like this You're trying to do like this you make a little hole there, like, you just keep making it you make a little hole there, like, you just keep making it you make a little hole there, like, you just keep making it That way, you put it in, kind of inside. That way, you put it in, kind of inside. That way, you put it in, kind of inside. I feel that people should know about it. I feel that people should know about it. I feel that people should know about it. equal, equal, equal, But nobody does it. But nobody does it. But nobody does it. because people don't think it's that because people don't think it's that because people don't think it's that cash. cash. cash. It's really effective, I mean, or even It's really effective, I mean, or even It's really effective, I mean, or even You're lying down and you don't want to put your hand in. You're lying down and you don't want to put your hand in. You're lying down and you don't want to put your hand in. in the package and grease it all up. Here you in the package and grease it all up. Here you in the package and grease it all up. Here you You throw the chips on top of everything. You throw the chips on top of everything. You throw the chips on top of everything. You can also keep uploading it, there you go. You can also keep uploading it, there you go. You can also keep uploading it, there you go. Let's eat. Let's eat. Let's eat. Yes, it's great. In other words, they come and it's left for them. Yes, it's great. In other words, they come and it's left for them. Yes, it's great. In other words, they come and it's left for them. a bowl full of chips and on top of it a bowl full of chips and on top of it a bowl full of chips and on top of it for. Guys, this hack is the best hack for. Guys, this hack is the best hack for. Guys, this hack is the best hack of all time. And put it on now of all time. And put it on now of all time. And put it on now The thing is, we have all the The thing is, we have all the The thing is, we have all the hands covered in charcoal, I don't know what to put on them. hands covered in charcoal, I don't know what to put on them. hands covered in charcoal, I don't know what to put on them. I don't want him to touch all my... I don't want him to touch all my... I don't want him to touch all my... potatoes, I want you to only play the potatoes, I want you to only play the potatoes, I want you to only play the Dad, what are you going to eat? Then she has it. Dad, what are you going to eat? Then she has it. Dad, what are you going to eat? Then she has it. there then without a boulle. there then without a boulle. there then without a boulle. Little is said about how good they are. Little is said about how good they are. Little is said about how good they are. common law. common law. common law. One of the best french fries. Pringles One of the best french fries. Pringles One of the best french fries. Pringles cream and onion. Okay. While cream and onion. Okay. While cream and onion. Okay. While It makes a fire that takes longer than it It makes a fire that takes longer than it It makes a fire that takes longer than it I thought it was going to take a while. I knew that the I thought it was going to take a while. I knew that the I thought it was going to take a while. I knew that the The fire takes time, but it's taking its time. The fire takes time, but it's taking its time. The fire takes time, but it's taking its time. a little while. a little while. a little while. [laughs] I'm going to season the meat with salt and pepper. [laughs] I'm going to season the meat with salt and pepper. [laughs] I'm going to season the meat with salt and pepper. Meanwhile, which is literally only Meanwhile, which is literally only Meanwhile, which is literally only add salt and pepper. So, well, here add salt and pepper. So, well, here add salt and pepper. So, well, here vegetarian vegans or people who vegetarian vegans or people who vegetarian vegans or people who I simply impressed him with the meat, no. I simply impressed him with the meat, no. I simply impressed him with the meat, no. I looked because I'm going to show the rib. I looked because I'm going to show the rib. I looked because I'm going to show the rib. Here we have, for me, the richest cut in Here we have, for me, the richest cut in Here we have, for me, the richest cut in the grill that is the rib. To the the grill that is the rib. To the the grill that is the rib. To the I don't like baked goods, in fact. I don't like baked goods, in fact. I don't like baked goods, in fact. so much. Nobody makes oven-baked ribs, so much. Nobody makes oven-baked ribs, so much. Nobody makes oven-baked ribs, No? But Argentina gave. Well, he No? But Argentina gave. Well, he No? But Argentina gave. Well, he We threw salt. We threw salt. We threw salt. Oh, do you like it salty? Okay. Oh, do you like it salty? Okay. Oh, do you like it salty? Okay. Yes, no, well, I'm going to throw myself at Yes, no, well, I'm going to throw myself at Yes, no, well, I'm going to throw myself at my hand because I'm doing stupid things. my hand because I'm doing stupid things. my hand because I'm doing stupid things. Salt. I like my meat that way too. I like my meat that way too. I like my meat that way too. salty. In fact, [music] in the end everything salty. In fact, [music] in the end everything salty. In fact, [music] in the end everything I always suck on the little bone. Salt, I always suck on the little bone. Salt, I always suck on the little bone. Salt, salt, salt, salt, salt, salt, salt, salt. salt, salt, salt, salt, salt, salt, salt. salt, salt, salt, salt, salt, salt, salt. Pepper, Pepper, Pepper, we have the pepper with we have the pepper with we have the pepper with automatic automatic automatic the automatic pepper shaker. Didn't you see that the automatic pepper shaker. Didn't you see that the automatic pepper shaker. Didn't you see that Nobody has it in real life. You said, Nobody has it in real life. You said, Nobody has it in real life. You said, Who's stupid enough to have this Who's stupid enough to have this Who's stupid enough to have this artifact in real life? For me it is artifact in real life? For me it is artifact in real life? For me it is brilliant. And that's even though I don't have any salt left. brilliant. And that's even though I don't have any salt left. brilliant. And that's even though I don't have any salt left. Himalaya, because if you have salt too Himalaya, because if you have salt too Himalaya, because if you have salt too Just put some salt in there and you're done. Well, meat Just put some salt in there and you're done. Well, meat Just put some salt in there and you're done. Well, meat [music] salt and pepper. The chorizo ​​is not [music] salt and pepper. The chorizo ​​is not [music] salt and pepper. The chorizo ​​is not It adds spice, doesn't it? He's already had enough. It adds spice, doesn't it? He's already had enough. It adds spice, doesn't it? He's already had enough. seasoning itself. It looks like the seasoning itself. It looks like the seasoning itself. It looks like the sausage. Efa. that I'm going to clean the sausage. Efa. that I'm going to clean the sausage. Efa. that I'm going to clean the camera, she's resurrected. camera, she's resurrected. camera, she's resurrected. And we are here too. And we are here too. And we are here too. It's taking shape. It's taking shape. It's taking shape. No, look, it already looks like a bonfire. And the No, look, it already looks like a bonfire. And the No, look, it already looks like a bonfire. And the The idea is kind of like what I was telling him The idea is kind of like what I was telling him The idea is kind of like what I was telling him her off-camera, just getting by her off-camera, just getting by her off-camera, just getting by kids, like you're putting it there. Is kids, like you're putting it there. Is kids, like you're putting it there. Is that I put up there that I put up there that I put up there little ones. little ones. little ones. Besides, I feel it's fun. Besides, I feel it's fun. Besides, I feel it's fun. I like barbecues a lot too. I like barbecues a lot too. I like barbecues a lot too. Don't you think it's fun? Don't you think it's fun? Don't you think it's fun? Completely. You know what I really like about Completely. You know what I really like about Completely. You know what I really like about Barbecues and that kind of thing? He Barbecues and that kind of thing? He Barbecues and that kind of thing? He noise of fire. It's spectacular. Oh. It was nice and warm. It's spectacular. Oh. It was nice and warm. It's spectacular. Oh. It was nice and warm. Yes, my microphone will barely turn on. Yes, my microphone will barely turn on. Yes, my microphone will barely turn on. We were left without a camera, without anything. We were left without a camera, without anything. We were left without a camera, without anything. [snort] Guys, I was [snort] Guys, I was [snort] Guys, I was showing how to clean the grill and showing how to clean the grill and showing how to clean the grill and I said to him, "Why with an onion?" I said to him, "Why with an onion?" I said to him, "Why with an onion?" And he tells me, "I think in Argentina it And he tells me, "I think in Argentina it And he tells me, "I think in Argentina it They do it with potatoes." It happens that with onions They do it with potatoes." It happens that with onions They do it with potatoes." It happens that with onions I told it to stay nonstick. I told it to stay nonstick. I told it to stay nonstick. And I say, "You're making a barbecue." AND And I say, "You're making a barbecue." AND And I say, "You're making a barbecue." AND Say you clean the grill with a Say you clean the grill with a Say you clean the grill with a onion. onion. onion. Non-stick. Non-stick. Non-stick. Sorry, I won't do it to you again. Sorry, I won't do it to you again. Sorry, I won't do it to you again. bullying. Forgive me, [laughs] bullying. Forgive me, [laughs] bullying. Forgive me, [laughs] guys. I'm going to try my crollita. could guys. I'm going to try my crollita. could guys. I'm going to try my crollita. could wait for the sausage. I'm very hungry. wait for the sausage. I'm very hungry. wait for the sausage. I'm very hungry. Hey, Hey, Hey, I want you to give your opinion. I want you to give your opinion. I want you to give your opinion. That's what I had told Jos That's what I had told Jos That's what I had told Jos I said, but it's the typical thing that the next day I said, but it's the typical thing that the next day I said, but it's the typical thing that the next day It's better. We agree. But come on It's better. We agree. But come on It's better. We agree. But come on Go enjoy it. You had never done Go enjoy it. You had never done Go enjoy it. You had never done Creole sauce. Creole sauce. Creole sauce. No, fatso, no. I didn't eat any of these. In my No, fatso, no. I didn't eat any of these. In my No, fatso, no. I didn't eat any of these. In my Not much was done at home, and if it was done, it was done. Not much was done at home, and if it was done, it was done. Not much was done at home, and if it was done, it was done. my dad. my dad. my dad. But the typical one that you go to eat at a But the typical one that you go to eat at a But the typical one that you go to eat at a grill and Creole stalls. grill and Creole stalls. grill and Creole stalls. But I didn't choose her, But I didn't choose her, But I didn't choose her, But the Creole one is the best. Ah, But the Creole one is the best. Ah, But the Creole one is the best. Ah, sincere. sincere. sincere. The post. Delicious post. The only The post. Delicious post. The only The post. Delicious post. The only The only criticism I can make is the only one. The only criticism I can make is the only one. The only criticism I can make is the only one. lack of fluid. lack of fluid. lack of fluid. There is not enough fluid. There is not enough fluid. There is not enough fluid. You take the measurements, You take the measurements, You take the measurements, But because I like it better, but But because I like it better, but But because I like it better, but Maybe it's a matter of taste, for me Maybe it's a matter of taste, for me Maybe it's a matter of taste, for me I prefer it more liquid. In fact, I put I prefer it more liquid. In fact, I put I prefer it more liquid. In fact, I put less vegetables than he told me. less vegetables than he told me. less vegetables than he told me. Did you know? No, it must not be that it has Did you know? No, it must not be that it has Did you know? No, it must not be that it has little liquid, it is usually left little liquid, it is usually left little liquid, it is usually left a few days and the fluid rises because it a few days and the fluid rises because it a few days and the fluid rises because it It helps with things. I'm going to try it It helps with things. I'm going to try it It helps with things. I'm going to try it So. So. So. It's very nice. A little more of It's very nice. A little more of It's very nice. A little more of vinegar, nothing has happened. vinegar, nothing has happened. vinegar, nothing has happened. Okay. And do you want to try the chili? Okay. And do you want to try the chili? Okay. And do you want to try the chili? Obvious. Very tasty, isn't it? The sauce was delicious. Obvious. Very tasty, isn't it? The sauce was delicious. Obvious. Very tasty, isn't it? The sauce was delicious. Creole. I'm also a big fan of Creole. I'm also a big fan of Creole. I'm also a big fan of Creole sauce, then maybe it's like Creole sauce, then maybe it's like Creole sauce, then maybe it's like [music] Of course, there's a lot. My first [music] Of course, there's a lot. My first [music] Of course, there's a lot. My first Creole sauce, Creole sauce, Creole sauce, The chemist looks good. Did you show it? The chemist looks good. Did you show it? The chemist looks good. Did you show it? good? A pint. It has a strange taste, but it's one of the best. It has a strange taste, but it's one of the best. It has a strange taste, but it's one of the best. delicious things I've ever tasted. But not delicious things I've ever tasted. But not delicious things I've ever tasted. But not It has a taste of what? It has a taste of what? It has a taste of what? Try it, right? Try it, right? Try it, right? I don't like. I don't like. I don't like. It doesn't taste like what you expect. It doesn't taste like what you expect. It doesn't taste like what you expect. I don't like vinegar. I don't like vinegar. I don't like vinegar. It doesn't have that much. Let's see, with a twist. No It doesn't have that much. Let's see, with a twist. No It doesn't have that much. Let's see, with a twist. No I don't know if he's perhaps the first in his lineage I don't know if he's perhaps the first in his lineage I don't know if he's perhaps the first in his lineage in a twisted coma in a twisted coma in a twisted coma with chim churri with chim churri with chim churri craziness. Try it craziness. Try it craziness. Try it twisto. twisto. twisto. It's better with bread too, huh? It's better with bread too, huh? It's better with bread too, huh? Ah, Ah, Ah, I don't know. M. I don't know. M. I don't know. M. Ah, I'm left with a reca. Ah, I'm left with a reca. Ah, I'm left with a reca. You eat You eat You eat I put it on, it rang. I put it on, it rang. I put it on, it rang. Not me. Maybe the ground chili pepper. Not me. Maybe the ground chili pepper. Not me. Maybe the ground chili pepper. Although I added it, I didn't add ground chili pepper. Although I added it, I didn't add ground chili pepper. Although I added it, I didn't add ground chili pepper. I added crushed chili pepper. It comes thicker. I added crushed chili pepper. It comes thicker. I added crushed chili pepper. It comes thicker. With bread. With bread. With bread. The Creole woman. Let's see, my Creole with the The Creole woman. Let's see, my Creole with the The Creole woman. Let's see, my Creole with the little bread roll. It's true that the guy is pure pure little bread roll. It's true that the guy is pure pure little bread roll. It's true that the guy is pure pure vegetables, they don't have that much liquid, vegetables, they don't have that much liquid, vegetables, they don't have that much liquid, It's like a vegetable salad. It's bread It's like a vegetable salad. It's bread It's like a vegetable salad. It's bread with salad and now bread with chimi. In with salad and now bread with chimi. In with salad and now bread with chimi. In Seriously, you say I'm left with chimichurri Seriously, you say I'm left with chimichurri Seriously, you say I'm left with chimichurri Very tasty, but I don't like it. Very tasty, but I don't like it. Very tasty, but I don't like it. chimichurri. chimichurri. chimichurri. It's like a new chimichurri. It's like a new chimichurri. It's like a new chimichurri. I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't like it. In other words, it's not what I expect when In other words, it's not what I expect when In other words, it's not what I expect when I ordered a chimichurri, but I liked it better. I ordered a chimichurri, but I liked it better. I ordered a chimichurri, but I liked it better. This [ __ ] got reprimanded, dude. It's visible. This [ __ ] got reprimanded, dude. It's visible. This [ __ ] got reprimanded, dude. It's visible. That's all. But I started this. I'll do it That's all. But I started this. I'll do it That's all. But I started this. I'll do it I started. I started. I started. You did it. You don't start it. You You did it. You don't start it. You You did it. You don't start it. You You did it, you put the little pieces of wood in. You did it, you put the little pieces of wood in. You did it, you put the little pieces of wood in. Okay. Something has to be done. I don't know what's up Okay. Something has to be done. I don't know what's up Okay. Something has to be done. I don't know what's up Something has to be done. Something has to be done. Something has to be done. You're going to do everything, you're not going to do anything. You're going to do everything, you're not going to do anything. You're going to do everything, you're not going to do anything. I'll look at you when you have white embers, I'll look at you when you have white embers, I'll look at you when you have white embers, Did you see? That's the one that gives off the warmth. Did you see? That's the one that gives off the warmth. Did you see? That's the one that gives off the warmth. The black one isn't like the one he makes The black one isn't like the one he makes The black one isn't like the one he makes Little fire, did you see? The other one is the one that gives Little fire, did you see? The other one is the one that gives Little fire, did you see? The other one is the one that gives the heat, the white embers [music]. the heat, the white embers [music]. the heat, the white embers [music]. So now we're going to break all this down, So now we're going to break all this down, So now we're going to break all this down, this thing we made, this thing we made, this thing we made, And we're going to put more coals on top of it. And we're going to put more coals on top of it. And we're going to put more coals on top of it. to make more charcoal and then to make more charcoal and then to make more charcoal and then We'll just keep at it here. We'll just keep at it here. We'll just keep at it here. Okay. Okay. Okay. How do I break it? How do I break it? How do I break it? Zr. But don't throw away all the Zr. But don't throw away all the Zr. But don't throw away all the [ __ ]. It's kind of like a zra. Okay. TO [ __ ]. It's kind of like a zra. Okay. TO [ __ ]. It's kind of like a zra. Okay. TO Let me know. Let me know. Let me know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There, There, There, there. there. there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And now, as a buddy, so you can... And now, as a buddy, so you can... And now, as a buddy, so you can... There's a small apartment left. There's a small apartment left. There's a small apartment left. Small apartment. Okay, I understand you now. Small apartment. Okay, I understand you now. Small apartment. Okay, I understand you now. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. But put this coal that is Okay. But put this coal that is Okay. But put this coal that is giant. I break it. giant. I break it. giant. I break it. Put it in the middle. That's a little shovel. Put it in the middle. That's a little shovel. Put it in the middle. That's a little shovel. You can lift it, dude. You can lift it, dude. You can lift it, dude. Sure, but I couldn't. There [laughs] Sure, but I couldn't. There [laughs] Sure, but I couldn't. There [laughs] Alright. So. Alright. So. Alright. So. Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. Yes. Okay. Next step. The two ways that Next step. The two ways that Next step. The two ways that We have information on how to cook We have information on how to cook We have information on how to cook meat, let's say, which is like, I mean, for meat, let's say, which is like, I mean, for meat, let's say, which is like, I mean, for What do we do if we're not going to cook? What do we do if we're not going to cook? What do we do if we're not going to cook? meat. Me again, I'm all this meat. Me again, I'm all this meat. Me again, I'm all this saying. I am not asadolautaro.com. saying. I am not asadolautaro.com. saying. I am not asadolautaro.com. No, I'm more or less like this, but oh well, I No, I'm more or less like this, but oh well, I No, I'm more or less like this, but oh well, I I'm saying what I know, I'm not saying that I'm saying what I know, I'm not saying that I'm saying what I know, I'm not saying that That's the truth, but what I know is two That's the truth, but what I know is two That's the truth, but what I know is two things. To calculate how you're going to things. To calculate how you're going to things. To calculate how you're going to Cooking, you have to do everything very primitively Cooking, you have to do everything very primitively Cooking, you have to do everything very primitively put your hand on it and see how much put your hand on it and see how much put your hand on it and see how much you endure you endure you endure and how much you have to put up with. Depends. He and how much you have to put up with. Depends. He and how much you have to put up with. Depends. He From what I understand, it's about putting a From what I understand, it's about putting a From what I understand, it's about putting a High fire, it would be up to 5 seconds High fire, it would be up to 5 seconds High fire, it would be up to 5 seconds You can withstand a medium heat. You can withstand a medium heat. You can withstand a medium heat. What a high fire it would be to put what is What a high fire it would be to put what is What a high fire it would be to put what is on the corner. on the corner. on the corner. Of course, the idea is never to cook. Of course, the idea is never to cook. Of course, the idea is never to cook. So. They call it high fire, but no So. They call it high fire, but no So. They call it high fire, but no There has to be fire. It's like the heat, There has to be fire. It's like the heat, There has to be fire. It's like the heat, Like in the oven, you see? High fire Like in the oven, you see? High fire Like in the oven, you see? High fire It's about 5 seconds. You endure. It's about 5 seconds. You endure. It's about 5 seconds. You endure. Medium fire is 5 to 10 and low fire Medium fire is 5 to 10 and low fire Medium fire is 5 to 10 and low fire And, I don't know, from 10 to 15. Call from 15 no And, I don't know, from 10 to 15. Call from 15 no And, I don't know, from 10 to 15. Call from 15 no to have a goat. I'm going to have to apply to have a goat. I'm going to have to apply to have a goat. I'm going to have to apply Adobe podcast here. [laughs] Psycho. Hey, Adobe podcast here. [laughs] Psycho. Hey, Adobe podcast here. [laughs] Psycho. Hey, Okay, so what's up? What you have to do Okay, so what's up? What you have to do Okay, so what's up? What you have to do The first thing you should do when you have a grill like this The first thing you should do when you have a grill like this The first thing you should do when you have a grill like this that it's dirty, that [music] isn't what that it's dirty, that [music] isn't what that it's dirty, that [music] isn't what What needs to be done, one normally the What needs to be done, one normally the What needs to be done, one normally the The grill is clean, you can use it. The grill is clean, you can use it. The grill is clean, you can use it. He's furious that the grill He's furious that the grill He's furious that the grill It was dirty, It was dirty, It was dirty, It was very dirty, but oh well, no It was very dirty, but oh well, no It was very dirty, but oh well, no It matters. It matters. It matters. You turn the fire up high, You turn the fire up high, You turn the fire up high, lower the la la well because we're not going to do it here. lower the la la well because we're not going to do it here. lower the la la well because we're not going to do it here. to cook like this underneath. I am to cook like this underneath. I am to cook like this underneath. I am doing so that so that it is so that doing so that so that it is so that doing so that so that it is so that It gets hot. Yes, it's like it's melting. It gets hot. Yes, it's like it's melting. It gets hot. Yes, it's like it's melting. little fat. And once it's melted, little fat. And once it's melted, little fat. And once it's melted, We pass the potato or onion. In our We pass the potato or onion. In our We pass the potato or onion. In our I'm talking about onions. So. This onion I'm talking about onions. So. This onion I'm talking about onions. So. This onion They can eat it afterwards, there's no need to They can eat it afterwards, there's no need to They can eat it afterwards, there's no need to It is thrown away. So simple. Don't worry about the middle part because it's... Don't worry about the middle part because it's... Don't worry about the middle part because it's... It assumes that it does not touch the middle. Meat is It assumes that it does not touch the middle. Meat is It assumes that it does not touch the middle. Meat is for the sides. Some grills for the sides. Some grills for the sides. Some grills They had a brush, did you see? I passed him a They had a brush, did you see? I passed him a They had a brush, did you see? I passed him a brush. Maybe I've seen it before. brush. Maybe I've seen it before. brush. Maybe I've seen it before. How is the grill master doing? How is the grill master doing? How is the grill master doing? Oh, clean, Oh, clean, Oh, clean, Did you see? Well, show the dirt that... Did you see? Well, show the dirt that... Did you see? Well, show the dirt that... We took it out. We took it out. We took it out. Look, amazing. Look, amazing. Look, amazing. There are the comments. This one that later me There are the comments. This one that later me There are the comments. This one that later me like that onion. It's just that normally... like that onion. It's just that normally... like that onion. It's just that normally... It comes out so because this is done every time It comes out so because this is done every time It comes out so because this is done every time What a kitchen, you know? Like Then, What a kitchen, you know? Like Then, What a kitchen, you know? Like Then, Okay, that's it. I cut off your head in Okay, that's it. I cut off your head in Okay, that's it. I cut off your head in The whole plane, but it doesn't matter. The whole plane, but it doesn't matter. The whole plane, but it doesn't matter. Look what this is. A similar smell. The Look what this is. A similar smell. The Look what this is. A similar smell. The roasted onion. roasted onion. roasted onion. Yes, take a bite. Yes, take a bite. Yes, take a bite. Okay, time to put the meat in Okay, time to put the meat in Okay, time to put the meat in lailla. lailla. lailla. Yes, I think that by this point... Yes, I think that by this point... Yes, I think that by this point... I already spoke and made the video I already spoke and made the video I already spoke and made the video It's my turn. It's my turn. It's my turn. It's your turn. It's your turn. It's your turn. Okay. Okay. Okay. The important thing, the last thing I'll say for The important thing, the last thing I'll say for The important thing, the last thing I'll say for Before people grab the meat, what Before people grab the meat, what Before people grab the meat, what What needs to be done? What needs to be done? What needs to be done? Wash your hands. I just washed them Wash your hands. I just washed them Wash your hands. I just washed them because I washed the lettuce. I washed them. because I washed the lettuce. I washed them. because I washed the lettuce. I washed them. You know, strips of roast beef. It is usually done You know, strips of roast beef. It is usually done You know, strips of roast beef. It is usually done medium heat, long time and it gets medium heat, long time and it gets medium heat, long time and it gets first on the side of the bone. Or you can't first on the side of the bone. Or you can't first on the side of the bone. Or you can't put it. No, I feel there isn't that much. put it. No, I feel there isn't that much. put it. No, I feel there isn't that much. Bring that back here. What I would have Bring that back here. What I would have Bring that back here. What I would have fact is fact is fact is cut it in half. cut it in half. cut it in half. Cut in half. Cut in half. Cut in half. And where do I put it? Here. And where do I put it? Here. And where do I put it? Here. Stop, stop. Stop, stop. Stop, stop. That That That felt? Where is the middle fire? felt? Where is the middle fire? felt? Where is the middle fire? Here. Here. Here. How long can your hand hold you? How long can your hand hold you? How long can your hand hold you? Not much. A little stove, huh? Not much. A little stove, huh? Not much. A little stove, huh? And here, And here, And here, It doesn't last as long here. It doesn't last as long here. It doesn't last as long here. So, where will I put it? So, where will I put it? So, where will I put it? Here. There. Here. There. Here. There. The side of the sou. The side of the sou. The side of the sou. Side of the sou. There it is. And the sausages. Side of the sou. There it is. And the sausages. Side of the sou. There it is. And the sausages. We choris are going to live in the part that We choris are going to live in the part that We choris are going to live in the part that The fire is strong. The fire is strong. The fire is strong. You didn't cover that up, did you? When I put the You didn't cover that up, did you? When I put the You didn't cover that up, did you? When I put the meat. Just like that. meat. Just like that. meat. Just like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There it is There it is There it is laa. We'd have to wait a little longer laa. We'd have to wait a little longer laa. We'd have to wait a little longer Heat the grill a little more. Heat the grill a little more. Heat the grill a little more. We are hungry. We are hungry. We are hungry. We are hungry. So yes We are hungry. So yes We are hungry. So yes It's late, we started late. It's late, we started late. It's late, we started late. That's just how it is. Okay, and while I go to That's just how it is. Okay, and while I go to That's just how it is. Okay, and while I go to Make the salad too, because I already... Make the salad too, because I already... Make the salad too, because I already... The meat is cooking, so it's ready. The meat is cooking, so it's ready. The meat is cooking, so it's ready. Let it remain and only remain Let it remain and only remain Let it remain and only remain season it. We already have lettuce here season it. We already have lettuce here season it. We already have lettuce here washed. I'm going to make her into a little bun. and I'm going to cut it. When is there left when and I'm going to cut it. When is there left when and I'm going to cut it. When is there left when The salad contains pieces of The salad contains pieces of The salad contains pieces of lettuce, I feel like they ruin everything. lettuce, I feel like they ruin everything. lettuce, I feel like they ruin everything. salad experience. We are the salad experience. We are the salad experience. We are the lettuce, the bowl, lettuce, lettuce and lettuce, the bowl, lettuce, lettuce and lettuce, the bowl, lettuce, lettuce and cherry tomatoes, which for me is the cherry tomatoes, which for me is the cherry tomatoes, which for me is the best way to eat tomato in a best way to eat tomato in a best way to eat tomato in a lettuce. I don't like tomatoes. I mean, lettuce. I don't like tomatoes. I mean, lettuce. I don't like tomatoes. I mean, Yes, I like tomatoes, tomatoes, if it's a Yes, I like tomatoes, tomatoes, if it's a Yes, I like tomatoes, tomatoes, if it's a Lettuce and tomato salad with tomato, Lettuce and tomato salad with tomato, Lettuce and tomato salad with tomato, tomato, tomato, tomato. Yes, with onion. tomato, tomato, tomato. Yes, with onion. tomato, tomato, tomato. Yes, with onion. But I'm saying that for me, the But I'm saying that for me, the But I'm saying that for me, the Chorri tomatoes are the richest form of Chorri tomatoes are the richest form of Chorri tomatoes are the richest form of Eat tomatoes with lots of salt, but not fruit. Eat tomatoes with lots of salt, but not fruit. Eat tomatoes with lots of salt, but not fruit. How long has it been since I heard that saying? How long has it been since I heard that saying? How long has it been since I heard that saying? Wait, can I tell you something? Wait, can I tell you something? Wait, can I tell you something? That? That? That? I had a partner. Me before I had a partner. Me before I had a partner. Me before I used to work at a I used to work at a I used to work at a printing. printing. printing. Baj, grab the microphone. Uh, the Baj, grab the microphone. Uh, the Baj, grab the microphone. Uh, the microphone. They're not listening to me at all. microphone. They're not listening to me at all. microphone. They're not listening to me at all. But, I relapsed. But, I relapsed. But, I relapsed. Well, she said that the best way to Well, she said that the best way to Well, she said that the best way to Eating cherries is Eating cherries is Eating cherries is No, the best way to eat No, the best way to eat No, the best way to eat For me, the cherry tomato is the best. For me, the cherry tomato is the best. For me, the cherry tomato is the best. The cherry. Me too. I had The cherry. Me too. I had The cherry. Me too. I had Before and after I said noble fruit. He Before and after I said noble fruit. He Before and after I said noble fruit. He No, cherry, I said noble. I said fruit No, cherry, I said noble. I said fruit No, cherry, I said noble. I said fruit noble. And he said, "How long has it been since I heard noble. And he said, "How long has it been since I heard noble. And he said, "How long has it been since I heard that. Maybe they heard everything and I'm that. Maybe they heard everything and I'm that. Maybe they heard everything and I'm repeating the p there so that it makes me like this the repeating the p there so that it makes me like this the repeating the p there so that it makes me like this the finite voice, as she said the other time finite voice, as she said the other time finite voice, as she said the other time I said [snort] a lot of nonsense." I said [snort] a lot of nonsense." I said [snort] a lot of nonsense." Well, uh, I had a partner, I Well, uh, I had a partner, I Well, uh, I had a partner, I I worked in a printing shop and had a I worked in a printing shop and had a I worked in a printing shop and had a that titan of a friend made us laugh that titan of a friend made us laugh that titan of a friend made us laugh Everyone did, but he was a big idiot. Idiot Everyone did, but he was a big idiot. Idiot Everyone did, but he was a big idiot. Idiot Big, a big guy, but a real idiot, very Big, a big guy, but a real idiot, very Big, a big guy, but a real idiot, very big dummy. They even told him so, it's not that big dummy. They even told him so, it's not that big dummy. They even told him so, it's not that I'm talking badly about him behind his back. AND I'm talking badly about him behind his back. AND I'm talking badly about him behind his back. AND Nothing, he was kind of a boomer, let's say. Nothing, he was kind of a boomer, let's say. Nothing, he was kind of a boomer, let's say. because he was, I don't know, 35 or 40. because he was, I don't know, 35 or 40. because he was, I don't know, 35 or 40. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And she loved it when she dressed up. And she loved it when she dressed up. And she loved it when she dressed up. People in their 35s or 40s, they grab onto a People in their 35s or 40s, they grab onto a People in their 35s or 40s, they grab onto a meme and they use it and use it until meme and they use it and use it until meme and they use it and use it until die. Well, he was a noble fruit type. die. Well, he was a noble fruit type. die. Well, he was a noble fruit type. He drank mate. Wow, what a mate, what a God, me He drank mate. Wow, what a mate, what a God, me He drank mate. Wow, what a mate, what a God, me I'm stuck on this mate, what is a noble fruit? I'm stuck on this mate, what is a noble fruit? I'm stuck on this mate, what is a noble fruit? I feel that the phrase "noble fruit" is also... I feel that the phrase "noble fruit" is also... I feel that the phrase "noble fruit" is also... Many boomers grabbed her, Many boomers grabbed her, Many boomers grabbed her, That's why I wish That's why I wish That's why I wish He was very much like that, I feel like he was very He was very much like that, I feel like he was very He was very much like that, I feel like he was very that old lesbian from the street. It was very much that old lesbian from the street. It was very much that old lesbian from the street. It was very much Those that we agree on, I'm going to do it. Those that we agree on, I'm going to do it. Those that we agree on, I'm going to do it. I listen to it and... But anyway, dude. I listen to it and... But anyway, dude. I listen to it and... But anyway, dude. Mati, greetings to Mati. I hope never. Mati, greetings to Mati. I hope never. Mati, greetings to Mati. I hope never. I see it because I just defenestrated him. I see it because I just defenestrated him. I see it because I just defenestrated him. But anyway, I love you, Mati. Well, and But anyway, I love you, Mati. Well, and But anyway, I love you, Mati. Well, and Now we're going to add some onion. Now we're going to add some onion. Now we're going to add some onion. because we have onions and because what because we have onions and because what because we have onions and because what The best way to use onions is a The best way to use onions is a The best way to use onions is a salad, right? The onion, the salad salad, right? The onion, the salad salad, right? The onion, the salad It has to be very thin because otherwise you It has to be very thin because otherwise you It has to be very thin because otherwise you You eat a piece of onion and you're... You eat a piece of onion and you're... You eat a piece of onion and you're... feeling like tomorrow. So it feeling like tomorrow. So it feeling like tomorrow. So it as thin as possible. It doesn't cut in as thin as possible. It doesn't cut in as thin as possible. It doesn't cut in a finger the same because they want to cut the a finger the same because they want to cut the a finger the same because they want to cut the thinly sliced ​​onions. And onion. And yes, we're going to... And onion. And yes, we're going to... And onion. And yes, we're going to... wait until the end to wait until the end to wait until the end to season it, but we already have it because of it season it, but we already have it because of it season it, but we already have it because of it less prepared. Guys, we had a less prepared. Guys, we had a less prepared. Guys, we had a problems with fire, clearly, problems with fire, clearly, problems with fire, clearly, because I can say that it happened. Aguer put because I can say that it happened. Aguer put because I can say that it happened. Aguer put hand and broke everything [laughs] hand and broke everything [laughs] hand and broke everything [laughs] because he got carried away breaking things. He said, "What because he got carried away breaking things. He said, "What because he got carried away breaking things. He said, "What fun to break." fun to break." fun to break." No, it wasn't like that. That wasn't the case. I in a No, it wasn't like that. That wasn't the case. I in a No, it wasn't like that. That wasn't the case. I in a At that moment I grabbed José, looked at her and At that moment I grabbed José, looked at her and At that moment I grabbed José, looked at her and I said, "Hey, I'm hungry. Let's put..." I said, "Hey, I'm hungry. Let's put..." I said, "Hey, I'm hungry. Let's put..." [snort] things, [laughs] let's do, [snort] things, [laughs] let's do, [snort] things, [laughs] let's do, Let's begin because we started very late. HE Let's begin because we started very late. HE Let's begin because we started very late. HE appear in an idea. We start at 9 appear in an idea. We start at 9 appear in an idea. We start at 9 more or less. Yeah, more or less. Yeah, more or less. Yeah, It's very late. In other words, those who are from here It's very late. In other words, those who are from here It's very late. In other words, those who are from here They know that a 9 o'clock barbecue started They know that a 9 o'clock barbecue started They know that a 9 o'clock barbecue started the night you eat late. the night you eat late. the night you eat late. And I also said, it's a small thing, no And I also said, it's a small thing, no And I also said, it's a small thing, no We're going to waste all that coal. We're going to waste all that coal. We're going to waste all that coal. What paranga? We're going to use everything and What paranga? We're going to use everything and What paranga? We're going to use everything and Now we're also looking at the grill Now we're also looking at the grill Now we're also looking at the grill And we say, it's the saddest grill that And we say, it's the saddest grill that And we say, it's the saddest grill that we see in life. There are two sausages and one we see in life. There are two sausages and one we see in life. There are two sausages and one strip. But why is it so empty? EITHER strip. But why is it so empty? EITHER strip. But why is it so empty? EITHER Okay, let's add something else. I mean, [laughs] Okay, let's add something else. I mean, [laughs] Okay, let's add something else. I mean, [laughs] the little fire is all tiny. The the little fire is all tiny. The the little fire is all tiny. The It's tiny. It's tiny. It's tiny. No, no, no, no, no. But why were they No, no, no, no, no. But why were they No, no, no, no, no. But why were they So rat-like? Like buying a morel for So rat-like? Like buying a morel for So rat-like? Like buying a morel for put all the chorizo ​​in the pore, two chorizos put all the chorizo ​​in the pore, two chorizos put all the chorizo ​​in the pore, two chorizos there [laughs] there [laughs] there [laughs] It's the strangest thing I've ever seen. It's the strangest thing I've ever seen. It's the strangest thing I've ever seen. resolos resolos resolos as penance [laughter] the as penance [laughter] the as penance [laughter] the but I didn't feel it was missing a blood sausage, but I didn't feel it was missing a blood sausage, but I didn't feel it was missing a blood sausage, at least a test tube, something like at least a test tube, something like at least a test tube, something like which is very empty. which is very empty. which is very empty. No test tube was purchased No test tube was purchased No test tube was purchased Hey Hey Hey You forgot [laughs] forgetfulness. You forgot [laughs] forgetfulness. You forgot [laughs] forgetfulness. Ha Ha Ha for two people for two people for two people for two people who eat one chorizo ​​sausage for two people who eat one chorizo ​​sausage for two people who eat one chorizo ​​sausage each one. As? each one. As? each one. As? Oh no, I'm exploding. I'm watching this Oh no, I'm exploding. I'm watching this Oh no, I'm exploding. I'm watching this apart from that, I never participated in anything in my life apart from that, I never participated in anything in my life apart from that, I never participated in anything in my life a barbecue, I was able to be so close to the a barbecue, I was able to be so close to the a barbecue, I was able to be so close to the grill for so long, always kind of grill for so long, always kind of grill for so long, always kind of A little spark jumps out and it's not there A little spark jumps out and it's not there A little spark jumps out and it's not there jumping nothing fail. jumping nothing fail. jumping nothing fail. Oh well, Oh well, Oh well, We'll show you later how We'll show you later how We'll show you later how This is my first barbecue. We ate at 4 places there This is my first barbecue. We ate at 4 places there This is my first barbecue. We ate at 4 places there hours, but we'll eat there. But hours, but we'll eat there. But hours, but we'll eat there. But Lastly we have the salad. Lastly we have the salad. Lastly we have the salad. For a Mac. For a Mac. For a Mac. We don't understand what happened to the chorizos. We don't understand what happened to the chorizos. We don't understand what happened to the chorizos. The meat was cooked before the sausages. EITHER The meat was cooked before the sausages. EITHER The meat was cooked before the sausages. EITHER In other words, nobody knows what happened to them. In other words, nobody knows what happened to them. In other words, nobody knows what happened to them. choris. choris. choris. But it's short ribs. Yeah, But it's short ribs. Yeah, But it's short ribs. Yeah, that the roast takes a while. that the roast takes a while. that the roast takes a while. Look. Look. Look. But the crazy thing is that the sausage now But the crazy thing is that the sausage now But the crazy thing is that the sausage now It's all together, but first the chorizo. It's all together, but first the chorizo. It's all together, but first the chorizo. It was in the thick of the fire and never... It was in the thick of the fire and never... It was in the thick of the fire and never... They did. You might say, "Hey, they're already there They did. You might say, "Hey, they're already there They did. You might say, "Hey, they're already there facts." facts." facts." But that's because they've been kids for an hour. But that's because they've been kids for an hour. But that's because they've been kids for an hour. Chorizos aren't made in an hour. Yeah, Chorizos aren't made in an hour. Yeah, Chorizos aren't made in an hour. Yeah, Lau. Lau. Lau. More than an hour. Look, Laaro is already here More than an hour. Look, Laaro is already here More than an hour. Look, Laaro is already here breeding the meat. I have this. It's the same. breeding the meat. I have this. It's the same. breeding the meat. I have this. It's the same. where you spilled the salt. It's like biting where you spilled the salt. It's like biting where you spilled the salt. It's like biting salt. [laughs] salt. [laughs] salt. [laughs] Look Look Look [snort] Here's the product of my first [snort] Here's the product of my first [snort] Here's the product of my first roast. It's great. Look, not three the roast. It's great. Look, not three the roast. It's great. Look, not three the spot. spot. spot. Look, it's really good for me, okay? Already Look, it's really good for me, okay? Already Look, it's really good for me, okay? Already We're here to eat. We're here to eat. We're here to eat. Dale. Okay, I'm going to try a piece of Dale. Okay, I'm going to try a piece of Dale. Okay, I'm going to try a piece of first barbecue. first barbecue. first barbecue. I already tried it. I already tried it. I already tried it. Health. Health. Health. It turned out delicious. It turned out delicious. It turned out delicious. Hmm, Hmm, Hmm, Very tasty, huh? It's a mystery what happened to the Very tasty, huh? It's a mystery what happened to the Very tasty, huh? It's a mystery what happened to the ch ch ch For me they were frozen, it didn't happen For me they were frozen, it didn't happen For me they were frozen, it didn't happen I noticed, but I didn't notice either. I noticed, but I didn't notice either. I noticed, but I didn't notice either. because I grabbed a package and they didn't seem because I grabbed a package and they didn't seem because I grabbed a package and they didn't seem frozen. So when it is frozen. So when it is frozen. So when it is Frozen food takes much longer to freeze. Frozen food takes much longer to freeze. Frozen food takes much longer to freeze. Cheri takes 20 minutes, it's done Cheri takes 20 minutes, it's done Cheri takes 20 minutes, it's done You've been here an hour and you're still hungover. You've been here an hour and you're still hungover. You've been here an hour and you're still hungover. Yes. I mean, it's crazy. It's very strange. Yes. I mean, it's crazy. It's very strange. Yes. I mean, it's crazy. It's very strange. So, clearly something strange happened there. The So, clearly something strange happened there. The So, clearly something strange happened there. The The meat is perfect. The meat is perfect. The meat is perfect. The mystery of the chorizo. Now then, after The mystery of the chorizo. Now then, after The mystery of the chorizo. Now then, after After so much waiting, let's eat. Mm. The mystery of chori. That the sausages Mm. The mystery of chori. That the sausages Mm. The mystery of chori. That the sausages They're still on the grid. [laughs] I am They're still on the grid. [laughs] I am They're still on the grid. [laughs] I am known. known. known. Mm. It's delicious. Mm. It's delicious. Mm. It's delicious. It's super delicious. It's super delicious. It's super delicious. Okay, you want chorizo. Okay, you want chorizo. Okay, you want chorizo. And yes, after so much time. And yes, after so much time. And yes, after so much time. Okay, okay. That it's better to eat chorizo ​​than food Okay, okay. That it's better to eat chorizo ​​than food Okay, okay. That it's better to eat chorizo ​​than food in life. in life. in life. No, not me. Thank you. We don't cut them. No, not me. Thank you. We don't cut them. No, not me. Thank you. We don't cut them. Well, here we have the sausage that was made Well, here we have the sausage that was made Well, here we have the sausage that was made in 2 and a half hours. The most in 2 and a half hours. The most in 2 and a half hours. The most the first cooked food they had ever seen in their lives. Yeah the first cooked food they had ever seen in their lives. Yeah the first cooked food they had ever seen in their lives. Yeah It's already cold [laughs] It's already cold [laughs] It's already cold [laughs] It is being investigated. [snort] Be careful not to It is being investigated. [snort] Be careful not to It is being investigated. [snort] Be careful not to The mix, huh? No, seriously, guys. It's a The mix, huh? No, seriously, guys. It's a The mix, huh? No, seriously, guys. It's a mystery. Hey, mystery. Hey, mystery. Hey, Touch it. The texture is strange. Touch it. The texture is strange. Touch it. The texture is strange. Yes, it's strange. It's kind of chemical. Yes, it's strange. It's kind of chemical. Yes, it's strange. It's kind of chemical. It's like a chemical sausage. It's like a chemical sausage. It's like a chemical sausage. It's like a chemical sausage. Yes. Don't eat. It's like a chemical sausage. Yes. Don't eat. It's like a chemical sausage. Yes. Don't eat. the chorizo ​​together. My chimi. He puts my the chorizo ​​together. My chimi. He puts my the chorizo ​​together. My chimi. He puts my chimi. My chimi adds it. I like my chimi. chimi. My chimi adds it. I like my chimi. chimi. My chimi adds it. I like my chimi. Hey, Hey, Hey, the best of the the best of the the best of the Yes. No, no. [laughs] Yes. No, no. [laughs] Yes. No, no. [laughs] The surprise. The surprise. The surprise. Very cold. Very cold. Very cold. I'm not that cold. Are you I'm not that cold. Are you I'm not that cold. Are you sick? sick? sick? If I am sick again. I got sick again. Believe If I am sick again. I got sick again. Believe If I am sick again. I got sick again. Believe that I am unwell and when I that I am unwell and when I that I am unwell and when I I feel unwell, I get sick. It's like I don't know I feel unwell, I get sick. It's like I don't know I feel unwell, I get sick. It's like I don't know My whole body is attacking me. Chinch It's delicious. It's delicious. It's delicious. The texture is very fake, but it tastes good. The texture is very fake, but it tastes good. The texture is very fake, but it tastes good. No, but it was a really delicious dinner. I'm No, but it was a really delicious dinner. I'm No, but it was a really delicious dinner. I'm very happy. It won't happen again for a long time. very happy. It won't happen again for a long time. very happy. It won't happen again for a long time. The same amount of time because it was a lot for a little. The same amount of time because it was a lot for a little. The same amount of time because it was a lot for a little. How could it be so little? How could it be so little? How could it be so little? Dude, that was a lot. Dude, that was a lot. Dude, that was a lot. Too much trouble for just us. Too much trouble for just us. Too much trouble for just us. I feel like I would only do it if it were with more people. I feel like I would only do it if it were with more people. I feel like I would only do it if it were with more people. people. people. people. 100%. No 100%. No 100%. No They want to know what the best part of They want to know what the best part of They want to know what the best part of to make a barbecue that you have the next day to make a barbecue that you have the next day to make a barbecue that you have the next day cold cuts? Well, it starts on Saturday. cold cuts? Well, it starts on Saturday. cold cuts? Well, it starts on Saturday. This is how I had cold meat for breakfast. This is how I had cold meat for breakfast. This is how I had cold meat for breakfast. Yesterday the water from last night went away because Yesterday the water from last night went away because Yesterday the water from last night went away because I wasn't going to sleep here because I slept here yesterday I wasn't going to sleep here because I slept here yesterday I wasn't going to sleep here because I slept here yesterday Here after the movies and we don't like it Here after the movies and we don't like it Here after the movies and we don't like it leaving our cats alone for two days and leaving our cats alone for two days and leaving our cats alone for two days and Since I feel quite unwell, I didn't have Since I feel quite unwell, I didn't have Since I feel quite unwell, I didn't have I feel like going to sleep at his house because I feel like going to sleep at his house because I feel like going to sleep at his house because She's the typical one who was going to stain her... She's the typical one who was going to stain her... She's the typical one who was going to stain her... sheets with menstrual blood and things like that. sheets with menstrual blood and things like that. sheets with menstrual blood and things like that. Then I said, "I'll stay, go on." Then I said, "I'll stay, go on." Then I said, "I'll stay, go on." "You." And the good thing is that I was left with "You." And the good thing is that I was left with "You." And the good thing is that I was left with little meat. No, guys, how rich we are little meat. No, guys, how rich we are little meat. No, guys, how rich we are This meat came out. My God. Mm. Mm. Hmm. No, there's nothing richer. Mm. Mm. Hmm. No, there's nothing richer. Mm. Mm. Hmm. No, there's nothing richer. to eat cold meat. I love it. I love the to eat cold meat. I love it. I love the to eat cold meat. I love it. I love the cold meat. Hmm. Moreover, for me the cold meat. Hmm. Moreover, for me the cold meat. Hmm. Moreover, for me the Meat this way is tastier than freshly cut. Meat this way is tastier than freshly cut. Meat this way is tastier than freshly cut. from the grill. I said it, I said it, and I said it from the grill. I said it, I said it, and I said it from the grill. I said it, I said it, and I said it I maintain. But anyway, I'm already prepared for the But anyway, I'm already prepared for the But anyway, I'm already prepared for the gym. I had to put gel on because gym. I had to put gel on because gym. I had to put gel on because Yesterday I made the barbecue, took a bath and Yesterday I made the barbecue, took a bath and Yesterday I made the barbecue, took a bath and I fell asleep with my hair wet, so my I fell asleep with my hair wet, so my I fell asleep with my hair wet, so my hair was out of control. So, that's it, me hair was out of control. So, that's it, me hair was out of control. So, that's it, me I put my hair in a ponytail with gel and I'm going to leave I put my hair in a ponytail with gel and I'm going to leave I put my hair in a ponytail with gel and I'm going to leave for the gym and I don't know what I'm doing there today for the gym and I don't know what I'm doing there today for the gym and I don't know what I'm doing there today I'd go for a walk later because of the day I'd go for a walk later because of the day I'd go for a walk later because of the day It's beautiful, it's very cold, but the day It's beautiful, it's very cold, but the day It's beautiful, it's very cold, but the day It's nice, so I might go out there. It's nice, so I might go out there. It's nice, so I might go out there. sightseeing. I have to ask him if sightseeing. I have to ask him if sightseeing. I have to ask him if Maybe, if you want, I don't know, I feel like it Maybe, if you want, I don't know, I feel like it Maybe, if you want, I don't know, I feel like it go for a walk. go for a walk. go for a walk. Well, we went to the gym, we showered and Well, we went to the gym, we showered and Well, we went to the gym, we showered and We're going now. He painted that Auti was We're going now. He painted that Auti was We're going now. He painted that Auti was go shopping for clothes or at least to go shopping for clothes or at least to go shopping for clothes or at least to try it on. The ICU is very, I don't know if I'd say try it on. The ICU is very, I don't know if I'd say try it on. The ICU is very, I don't know if I'd say fifi, fifi, fifi, But it's like, it's really hard for him to buy it But it's like, it's really hard for him to buy it But it's like, it's really hard for him to buy it clothes. clothes. clothes. Yes, I won't buy it, but it's never Yes, I won't buy it, but it's never Yes, I won't buy it, but it's never never. In other words, the last time I would have never. In other words, the last time I would have never. In other words, the last time I would have bought clothes. I buy one every year. bought clothes. I buy one every year. bought clothes. I buy one every year. put a t-shirt on him for each year, but because already put a t-shirt on him for each year, but because already put a t-shirt on him for each year, but because already I have four t-shirts and that's it. I have four t-shirts and that's it. I have four t-shirts and that's it. spending. Nor am I a slacker. Me spending. Nor am I a slacker. Me spending. Nor am I a slacker. Me I love clothes, I'm a fanatic of I love clothes, I'm a fanatic of I love clothes, I'm a fanatic of clothes. Am clothes. Am clothes. Am I'm a fan of how you dress, of I'm a fan of how you dress, of I'm a fan of how you dress, of How the navy blue color highlights you. How the navy blue color highlights you. How the navy blue color highlights you. But I find it very difficult to press. But I find it very difficult to press. But I find it very difficult to press. The trigger, man, I like to see, me The trigger, man, I like to see, me The trigger, man, I like to see, me I love it, I don't know, I look it up online I love it, I don't know, I look it up online I love it, I don't know, I look it up online pages and all, but it's really hard for me pages and all, but it's really hard for me pages and all, but it's really hard for me buy it. Like, it's pointless. buy it. Like, it's pointless. buy it. Like, it's pointless. Why would I buy it? I'm sure it will go Why would I buy it? I'm sure it will go Why would I buy it? I'm sure it will go there's something better. That happens to me. I am there's something better. That happens to me. I am there's something better. That happens to me. I am very much like the diamond meme very much like the diamond meme very much like the diamond meme that I'll always find something better. that I'll always find something better. that I'll always find something better. That happens to me. That happens to me. That happens to me. and we never went shopping for clothes together and we never went shopping for clothes together and we never went shopping for clothes together clothes for him and for me. clothes for him and for me. clothes for him and for me. Next blog Next blog Next blog We went out to buy me clothes. We went out to buy me clothes. We went out to buy me clothes. If the next blog post, If the next blog post, If the next blog post, because? because? because? People have to say no, they don't People have to say no, they don't People have to say no, they don't I like a goat. I like a goat. I like a goat. I think they love it, but we need I think they love it, but we need I think they love it, but we need which reaffirm it. Okay. A loves it which reaffirm it. Okay. A loves it which reaffirm it. Okay. A loves it commentator. commentator. commentator. Yes, I ask for a lot of comments, but it's Yes, I ask for a lot of comments, but it's Yes, I ask for a lot of comments, but it's very old YouTube. very old YouTube. very old YouTube. Yes. No, very much the typical type who... Yes. No, very much the typical type who... Yes. No, very much the typical type who... You little boy wanted to be a YouTuber. You little boy wanted to be a YouTuber. You little boy wanted to be a YouTuber. Don't be Don't be Don't be No, no, I'm not saying it for that reason, but No, no, I'm not saying it for that reason, but No, no, I'm not saying it for that reason, but say. It's the typical "Oh, the" comment. say. It's the typical "Oh, the" comment. say. It's the typical "Oh, the" comment. typical that I had loved to say it typical that I had loved to say it typical that I had loved to say it when girl calls. I'll leave them in the when girl calls. I'll leave them in the when girl calls. I'll leave them in the description box. description box. description box. Oh, little box, Jor said. Oh, little box, Jor said. Oh, little box, Jor said. Description box. Yes, down there Description box. Yes, down there Description box. Yes, down there in the description box. That it in the description box. That it in the description box. That it feel part of the video with us. I feel part of the video with us. I feel part of the video with us. I I think they feel like they belong, in fact, or I think they feel like they belong, in fact, or I think they feel like they belong, in fact, or Well, they're part of it because it's kind of like us. Well, they're part of it because it's kind of like us. Well, they're part of it because it's kind of like us. We're not going to buy clothes alone, we're going to We're not going to buy clothes alone, we're going to We're not going to buy clothes alone, we're going to buy clothes from you. So buy clothes from you. So buy clothes from you. So We break the fourth wall. So, that's it. We break the fourth wall. So, that's it. We break the fourth wall. So, that's it. We're going to see what's up. And the Audi We're going to see what's up. And the Audi We're going to see what's up. And the Audi He's very hungry, extremely hungry. He's very hungry, extremely hungry. He's very hungry, extremely hungry. I already ate the only thing I could find in the I already ate the only thing I could find in the I already ate the only thing I could find in the I ate some tuistos at her house I ate some tuistos at her house I ate some tuistos at her house Chocolate-covered peanuts, everything I wanted Chocolate-covered peanuts, everything I wanted Chocolate-covered peanuts, everything I wanted yesterday, about yesterday, about the movie that yesterday, about yesterday, about the movie that yesterday, about yesterday, about the movie that I literally ate the luck of I literally ate the luck of I literally ate the luck of everything, eh. I ate a little piece of cereal everything, eh. I ate a little piece of cereal everything, eh. I ate a little piece of cereal a.m. I got up rather late a.m. I got up rather late a.m. I got up rather late today. today. today. No not at all No not at all No not at all because I received a message from her because I received a message from her because I received a message from her her at about 7 in the morning. her at about 7 in the morning. her at about 7 in the morning. I woke up at 10:30, still half asleep. I woke up at 10:30, still half asleep. I woke up at 10:30, still half asleep. I said, "Don't sing it to me, I said, "Don't sing it to me, I said, "Don't sing it to me, It's Saturday, it's no big deal." It's Saturday, it's no big deal." It's Saturday, it's no big deal." Look how beautiful that house is! Look how beautiful that house is! Look how beautiful that house is! evil. High, beautiful house. Nice tall house. evil. High, beautiful house. Nice tall house. evil. High, beautiful house. Nice tall house. I don't know how pretty. I don't know how pretty. I don't know how pretty. High, beautiful house. But oh well, nothing. High, beautiful house. But oh well, nothing. High, beautiful house. But oh well, nothing. We're heading towards that. Let's see if the We're heading towards that. Let's see if the We're heading towards that. Let's see if the get clothes. get clothes. get clothes. We'll see about that too. We're going to Yo We'll see about that too. We're going to Yo We'll see about that too. We're going to Yo We're taking a walk. The day is beautiful. We're taking a walk. The day is beautiful. We're taking a walk. The day is beautiful. The day is coming. That The day is coming. That The day is coming. That We're mainly just out for a stroll. I hate We're mainly just out for a stroll. I hate We're mainly just out for a stroll. I hate the one where you tried on 1000 things and it the one where you tried on 1000 things and it the one where you tried on 1000 things and it you end up buying it simply because you you end up buying it simply because you you end up buying it simply because you You annoyed Chon who was selling. You annoyed Chon who was selling. You annoyed Chon who was selling. That's just how I am. That's just how I am. I tried it on That's just how I am. That's just how I am. I tried it on That's just how I am. That's just how I am. I tried it on Seven things, I'll take at least one Seven things, I'll take at least one Seven things, I'll take at least one because it's like because it's like because it's like I don't feel guilty, like I'm saying I don't feel guilty, like I'm saying I don't feel guilty, like I'm saying I didn't like it, I'm not going to take it. I didn't like it, I'm not going to take it. I didn't like it, I'm not going to take it. Okay, we'll see what's up with this today. Okay, we'll see what's up with this today. Okay, we'll see what's up with this today. new dating experience, going to new dating experience, going to new dating experience, going to buy clothes. Well, we came to a buy clothes. Well, we came to a buy clothes. Well, we came to a place we saw. What is this called? place we saw. What is this called? place we saw. What is this called? place? Her name is Selene. And it has a type place? Her name is Selene. And it has a type place? Her name is Selene. And it has a type many options. Selena, I'm sorry. And it has many options. Selena, I'm sorry. And it has many options. Selena, I'm sorry. And it has many strange options. I ordered some many strange options. I ordered some many strange options. I ordered some Pumpkin ravioli with sauce Pumpkin ravioli with sauce Pumpkin ravioli with sauce Parmesan cheese, hazelnuts, and sage, which Parmesan cheese, hazelnuts, and sage, which Parmesan cheese, hazelnuts, and sage, which I don't know what sage is. Sage is not I don't know what sage is. Sage is not I don't know what sage is. Sage is not which gives the plants something of the which gives the plants something of the which gives the plants something of the of photosynthesis. of photosynthesis. of photosynthesis. I don't know. I know it's like, it's like a thing I don't know. I know it's like, it's like a thing I don't know. I know it's like, it's like a thing If you smoke it, it's like, but no If you smoke it, it's like, but no If you smoke it, it's like, but no But it's not like, no, it's not like it sounds. But it's not like, no, it's not like it sounds. But it's not like, no, it's not like it sounds. I'm not making an apology, am I? It's like I'm not making an apology, am I? It's like I'm not making an apology, am I? It's like something shady. something shady. something shady. It's like one, I once heard one It's like one, I once heard one It's like one, I once heard one anecdote in a podcast about a guy. He anecdote in a podcast about a guy. He anecdote in a podcast about a guy. He It's kind of like one of the most powerful that It's kind of like one of the most powerful that It's kind of like one of the most powerful that there are supposedly there are supposedly there are supposedly And I'm going to eat it. And I'm going to eat it. And I'm going to eat it. No, no, it must not be the same sage. Is No, no, it must not be the same sage. Is No, no, it must not be the same sage. Is one of the most powerful of these one of the most powerful of these one of the most powerful of these There are, to the hallucinogens. And there's an anecdote There are, to the hallucinogens. And there's an anecdote There are, to the hallucinogens. And there's an anecdote of a guy that many people have of a guy that many people have of a guy that many people have similar anecdotes. It's like you... similar anecdotes. It's like you... similar anecdotes. It's like you... You smoke, and when you smoke you close your eyes You smoke, and when you smoke you close your eyes You smoke, and when you smoke you close your eyes and you wake up in 2 minutes, but you and you wake up in 2 minutes, but you and you wake up in 2 minutes, but you You lived a life like the journey lasts in You lived a life like the journey lasts in You lived a life like the journey lasts in your head. your head. your head. Yes. And there's a guy who has one Yes. And there's a guy who has one Yes. And there's a guy who has one a very famous anecdote, which is that he a very famous anecdote, which is that he a very famous anecdote, which is that he He lived, I think it was 3 months, like a He lived, I think it was 3 months, like a He lived, I think it was 3 months, like a seahorse underwater and he seahorse underwater and he seahorse underwater and he He had his seahorse family and He had his seahorse family and He had his seahorse family and He lived his whole life, but he woke up and He lived his whole life, but he woke up and He lived his whole life, but he woke up and He was just kind of like he was kind of believing He was just kind of like he was kind of believing He was just kind of like he was kind of believing or burst. The only thing I'm going to say or burst. The only thing I'm going to say or burst. The only thing I'm going to say It's just that while Lautaro was talking about that It's just that while Lautaro was talking about that It's just that while Lautaro was talking about that That's a story I've already told, I've already told it to myself That's a story I've already told, I've already told it to myself That's a story I've already told, I've already told it to myself He said, so I didn't have to lend He said, so I didn't have to lend He said, so I didn't have to lend attention, I was looking and in my attention, I was looking and in my attention, I was looking and in my The audio was at the top of the screen because I think it's very nice. because I think it's very nice. because I think it's very nice. I feel that's the case. Guys, Lauti is I feel that's the case. Guys, Lauti is I feel that's the case. Guys, Lauti is He asked for a bread basket and when Lauti asked He asked for a bread basket and when Lauti asked He asked for a bread basket and when Lauti asked the bread basket to the girl, the girl the bread basket to the girl, the girl the bread basket to the girl, the girl He told her, "Look, it's not bread, it's a no He told her, "Look, it's not bread, it's a no He told her, "Look, it's not bread, it's a no I know what's going on with a mushroom thing." I know what's going on with a mushroom thing." I know what's going on with a mushroom thing." I can't believe they're finishing us off. I can't believe they're finishing us off. I can't believe they're finishing us off. The unusual thing is that it has pickled radishes that The unusual thing is that it has pickled radishes that The unusual thing is that it has pickled radishes that is is is and a heart and a heart and a heart It's literally a heart with mushrooms. It's literally a heart with mushrooms. It's literally a heart with mushrooms. Try it. It looks like it has a knife. Try it. It looks like it has a knife. Try it. It looks like it has a knife. If it's not like a role, like a role of If it's not like a role, like a role of If it's not like a role, like a role of cinnamon apple. But cinnamon apple. But cinnamon apple. But prove. prove. prove. Yes, but only after you try it. Yes, but only after you try it. Yes, but only after you try it. Not the mushroom place, because the mushroom place Not the mushroom place, because the mushroom place Not the mushroom place, because the mushroom place mushrooms, no, he didn't call me. mushrooms, no, he didn't call me. mushrooms, no, he didn't call me. The mushroom thing reminds me of... The mushroom thing reminds me of... The mushroom thing reminds me of... that comes in the that comes in the that comes in the in the beef Wellington. It's very strange, I mean, it doesn't taste like that It's very strange, I mean, it doesn't taste like that It's very strange, I mean, it doesn't taste like that You wait. Then the most... You wait. Then the most... You wait. Then the most... Pickled radishes are delicious. Pickled radishes are delicious. Pickled radishes are delicious. Everything, everything, everything in the mouth. Everything, everything, everything in the mouth. Everything, everything, everything in the mouth. It's delicious. It's really strange. It's delicious. It's really strange. It's delicious. It's really strange. I wouldn't ask him. No, I wouldn't ask him. No, I wouldn't ask him. No, No, I didn't ask for it again. It's delicious. No, I didn't ask for it again. It's delicious. No, I didn't ask for it again. It's delicious. It's a strange taste. Of course, we don't understand. It's a strange taste. Of course, we don't understand. It's a strange taste. Of course, we don't understand. Why do they call it a bread basket? Guys, the Why do they call it a bread basket? Guys, the Why do they call it a bread basket? Guys, the These ravioli look amazing. These ravioli look amazing. These ravioli look amazing. Look, these ravioli look really good. Look, these ravioli look really good. Look, these ravioli look really good. And you ordered a marinated chicken with And you ordered a marinated chicken with And you ordered a marinated chicken with lemon. lemon. lemon. Yes, like a kind of salad. And this Yes, like a kind of salad. And this Yes, like a kind of salad. And this He's a pope, even though he looks like one. Uh, He's a pope, even though he looks like one. Uh, He's a pope, even though he looks like one. Uh, gel. No, gel. No, gel. No, Yeah. No, but I got the vibe. Yeah. No, but I got the vibe. Yeah. No, but I got the vibe. Which one does it look like? I can't remember the name. Which one does it look like? I can't remember the name. Which one does it look like? I can't remember the name. Yes. Uh, Yes. Uh, Yes. Uh, It's like a bill. Cupcake. It's like a bill. Cupcake. It's like a bill. Cupcake. Health. M, it's very tasty. M, it's very tasty. M, it's very tasty. This is amazing. My only problem This is amazing. My only problem This is amazing. My only problem It's always pumpkin things that... It's always pumpkin things that... It's always pumpkin things that... I feel like there's a salt bar. Doesn't that happen to you? I feel like there's a salt bar. Doesn't that happen to you? I feel like there's a salt bar. Doesn't that happen to you? It's not necessary. It's not necessary. It's not necessary. No No No I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. Guys, with the voice we have something that Guys, with the voice we have something that Guys, with the voice we have something that We do imitations because I feel that We do imitations because I feel that We do imitations because I feel that We're both good at imitating characters. We're both good at imitating characters. We're both good at imitating characters. And we compete, but we need that And we compete, but we need that And we compete, but we need that Someone tell us who wins and Someone tell us who wins and Someone tell us who wins and who doesn't. So who doesn't. So who doesn't. So There was a poll in the stories. Yeah, There was a poll in the stories. Yeah, There was a poll in the stories. Yeah, I did some surveys about what we did on the I did some surveys about what we did on the I did some surveys about what we did on the I want coffee from Giovanni Vázquez and there I want coffee from Giovanni Vázquez and there I want coffee from Giovanni Vázquez and there We started competing. I need them to say We started competing. I need them to say We started competing. I need them to say who does it better. I'll start. Already who does it better. I'll start. Already who does it better. I'll start. Already We perfected it, we perfected it. Okay. We perfected it, we perfected it. Okay. We perfected it, we perfected it. Okay. But which ones are we going to make? But which ones are we going to make? But which ones are we going to make? Giovanni Vázquez's. I want coffee. Giovanni Vázquez's. I want coffee. Giovanni Vázquez's. I want coffee. Give me coffee. I want coffee. Give me coffee. I Give me coffee. I want coffee. Give me coffee. I Give me coffee. I want coffee. Give me coffee. I I just want some coffee for you. I just want some coffee for you. I just want some coffee for you. It was very "give me coffee". I want coffee. Give me It was very "give me coffee". I want coffee. Give me It was very "give me coffee". I want coffee. Give me coffee. I just want a little bit of coffee. I just want a little bit of coffee. I just want a little bit of I live it up. I live it up. I live it up. It ends up doing me a lot of harm. And then It ends up doing me a lot of harm. And then It ends up doing me a lot of harm. And then We have other imitations. For example, We have other imitations. For example, We have other imitations. For example, Sponge's voice laugh. Sponge's voice laugh. Sponge's voice laugh. No, no, let's start with the clí No, no, let's start with the clí No, no, let's start with the clí the sponge-voiced laugh. Okay, Patrick the sponge-voiced laugh. Okay, Patrick the sponge-voiced laugh. Okay, Patrick Sponge B. Sponge B. Sponge B. Patrick Star. Patrick Star. Patrick Star. Patrick Star (SpongeBob's Voice). Patrick Star (SpongeBob's Voice). Patrick Star (SpongeBob's Voice). I feel that's my imitation. I feel that's my imitation. I feel that's my imitation. star. star. star. Okay. I feel like I do it better. Happens Okay. I feel like I do it better. Happens Okay. I feel like I do it better. Happens that we always say things. Let's go to the that we always say things. Let's go to the that we always say things. Let's go to the Sponge phrase. Hey Sponge, it's just... Sponge phrase. Hey Sponge, it's just... Sponge phrase. Hey Sponge, it's just... that I feel that the that I feel that the that I feel that the Where is Gari? Hey Sponge, where Where is Gari? Hey Sponge, where Where is Gari? Hey Sponge, where Is Gari there? Hey, SpongeBob, where is Is Gari there? Hey, SpongeBob, where is Is Gari there? Hey, SpongeBob, where is SpongeBob SquarePants? SpongeBob SquarePants? SpongeBob SquarePants? I always do this imitation and everything I always do this imitation and everything I always do this imitation and everything The world tells me it's wrong, but for The world tells me it's wrong, but for The world tells me it's wrong, but for That's fine with me. Oh, sponge, where are you? That's fine with me. Oh, sponge, where are you? That's fine with me. Oh, sponge, where are you? Kari Pop Sponge? Kari Pop Sponge? Kari Pop Sponge? I feel like your Patricia is really high I feel like your Patricia is really high I feel like your Patricia is really high like a sponge, like a sponge, like a sponge, Hey? And what is good about B's laugh? Hey? And what is good about B's laugh? Hey? And what is good about B's laugh? Sponge? Oh, it didn't work out. Stop, stop, Sponge? Oh, it didn't work out. Stop, stop, Sponge? Oh, it didn't work out. Stop, stop, Stop, so that the witness comes out better for me. Stop, so that the witness comes out better for me. Stop, so that the witness comes out better for me. that I do well. [laughs] that I do well. [laughs] that I do well. [laughs] It didn't work out for me. It didn't work out for me. It didn't work out for me. But you ended up with this witchy laugh. But you ended up with this witchy laugh. But you ended up with this witchy laugh. Yes, but it didn't work out for me. Stop because it Yes, but it didn't work out for me. Stop because it Yes, but it didn't work out for me. Stop because it I've been doing the camera thing. I've been doing the camera thing. I've been doing the camera thing. No, it wasn't No, it wasn't No, it wasn't there. there. there. This This This It's not like a goat that It's not like a goat that It's not like a goat that But I used to be better at it than a brawl. But I used to be better at it than a brawl. But I used to be better at it than a brawl. We didn't record it We didn't record it We didn't record it But I wouldn't want her to sign me up. But I wouldn't want her to sign me up. But I wouldn't want her to sign me up. camera. I'm ashamed. camera. I'm ashamed. camera. I'm ashamed. Give it to him Give it to him Give it to him It went really well. It went really well. It went really well. Okay, okay. Okay, okay. Okay, okay. There it is There it is There it is It's very, very overwhelming. But why do I have one? It's very, very overwhelming. But why do I have one? It's very, very overwhelming. But why do I have one? A voice that stuns? Because I have a voice of A voice that stuns? Because I have a voice of A voice that stuns? Because I have a voice of impressive whistle. But impressive whistle. But impressive whistle. But It's like the strong one. Look, yellow. It's like the strong one. Look, yellow. It's like the strong one. Look, yellow. Uh, that's right, it killed me. So you know, Uh, that's right, it killed me. So you know, Uh, that's right, it killed me. So you know, Come on, uh, 500 yellow cars. Two Come on, uh, 500 yellow cars. Two Come on, uh, 500 yellow cars. Two seen. seen. seen. Yes. And one last one to close this. Yes. And one last one to close this. Yes. And one last one to close this. section, one last imitation. section, one last imitation. section, one last imitation. Which one do we usually do? Which one do we usually do? Which one do we usually do? I do, uh, I can imitate well I do, uh, I can imitate well I do, uh, I can imitate well my friends. my friends. my friends. Marsh. Donald Duck. Donald Duck. M Marsh. Donald Duck. Donald Duck. M Marsh. Donald Duck. Donald Duck. M I do really well. I do really well. I do really well. No. And Squidward. Come this way. No. And Squidward. Come this way. No. And Squidward. Come this way. Donald Duck. That would be incredible. Let's see, you. That would be incredible. Let's see, you. That would be incredible. Let's see, you. She's a toothless old woman. She's a toothless old woman. She's a toothless old woman. that you have a plema. And finally, that you have a plema. And finally, that you have a plema. And finally, Squidward. Squidward. Squidward. No, what was it like? No, what was it like? No, what was it like? But he says nothing. I But he says nothing. I But he says nothing. I grow grow grow I believe that I believe that all the I believe that I believe that all the I believe that I believe that all the I annihilated, I had to devour it and I I annihilated, I had to devour it and I I annihilated, I had to devour it and I I ate the plate. [laughs] I ate the plate. [laughs] I ate the plate. [laughs] I just want some coffee. I just want some coffee. I just want some coffee. For me, let it be tested and fixed and me For me, let it be tested and fixed and me For me, let it be tested and fixed and me I've been noticing it for a while now. I am also from I've been noticing it for a while now. I am also from I've been noticing it for a while now. I am also from Suddenly I'm very indecisive, so Suddenly I'm very indecisive, so Suddenly I'm very indecisive, so I might grab a bunch of stuff I might grab a bunch of stuff I might grab a bunch of stuff And I don't like it at all in the end. And I don't like it at all in the end. And I don't like it at all in the end. Well, in there's the water from the fitting room and Well, in there's the water from the fitting room and Well, in there's the water from the fitting room and Let's see what stays and what goes. Let's see what stays and what goes. Let's see what stays and what goes. is left over. is left over. is left over. First option, First option, First option, Look, touch. We hadn't seen this before. Look, touch. We hadn't seen this before. Look, touch. We hadn't seen this before. Uh, it has like a third of the hair from the cut. Uh, it has like a third of the hair from the cut. Uh, it has like a third of the hair from the cut. It's good. It's good. It's good. I like it. I feel like I'm going to strangle you there. I like it. I feel like I'm going to strangle you there. I like it. I feel like I'm going to strangle you there. a touch to the neck, a touch to the neck, a touch to the neck, But I like it. I like that it's a neckline But I like it. I like that it's a neckline But I like it. I like that it's a neckline closed. closed. closed. Opinions? Opinions? Opinions? It looks very nice on you. I like it. It looks very nice on you. I like it. It looks very nice on you. I like it. Yes. Yes. Okay, stand back a bit. Tea Yes. Yes. Okay, stand back a bit. Tea Yes. Yes. Okay, stand back a bit. Tea It looks very nice. Yes, that one just like the It looks very nice. Yes, that one just like the It looks very nice. Yes, that one just like the earlier, but basic. earlier, but basic. earlier, but basic. It has more. It's true that this one has another one It has more. It's true that this one has another one It has more. It's true that this one has another one fabric poorly cut fabric poorly cut fabric poorly cut accomplished. accomplished. accomplished. Poorly done. In other words, it's not like the other one. Poorly done. In other words, it's not like the other one. Poorly done. In other words, it's not like the other one. The sleeves were tied higher. He was kind The sleeves were tied higher. He was kind The sleeves were tied higher. He was kind so, let's say. so, let's say. so, let's say. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And this one, like stretching them a little. Equal And this one, like stretching them a little. Equal And this one, like stretching them a little. Equal You put them like this and that's it. You put them like this and that's it. You put them like this and that's it. No, I don't like normal ones. No, I don't like normal ones. No, I don't like normal ones. I don't like it like this anymore. I don't like it like this anymore. I don't like it like this anymore. Like the other one is like Like the other one is like Like the other one is like No, I like it. No, I like it. No, I like it. Do you like it better this way? Do you like it better this way? Do you like it better this way? Yes. It looks nice on you. I love it. Yes. It looks nice on you. I love it. Yes. It looks nice on you. I love it. It's a fabric that doesn't... Very It's a fabric that doesn't... Very It's a fabric that doesn't... Very hot, hot, hot, But if you stay, it looks nice. But if you stay, it looks nice. But if you stay, it looks nice. Following. It's the same as the previous one, Following. It's the same as the previous one, Following. It's the same as the previous one, but but but another color. another color. another color. Gray and brown. Gray and brown. Gray and brown. Imagine Imagine Imagine I like it. Yes, both fit you. I like it. Yes, both fit you. I like it. Yes, both fit you. beautiful. beautiful. beautiful. Do you like these? Do you like these? Do you like these? Both look beautiful on you. I Both look beautiful on you. I Both look beautiful on you. I flake. flake. flake. I like it better than the other one. I like it better than the other one. I like it better than the other one. You like it more than the previous one. You have left You like it more than the previous one. You have left You like it more than the previous one. You have left beautiful. I like it. I like those haircuts beautiful. I like it. I like those haircuts beautiful. I like it. I like those haircuts oars, how are they turning out? oars, how are they turning out? oars, how are they turning out? I love this sweater and I feel like it's I love this sweater and I feel like it's I love this sweater and I feel like it's very voice. We both saw them and said, very voice. We both saw them and said, very voice. We both saw them and said, "Hey, "Hey, "Hey, I feel like that sweater is very... I feel like that sweater is very... I feel like that sweater is very... I loved it. I loved it. I loved it. I was fascinated. Hey, I was fascinated. Hey, I was fascinated. Hey, I'll take it I'll take it I'll take it that. Yes, that's definitely true. that. Yes, that's definitely true. that. Yes, that's definitely true. you wear. you wear. you wear. Yes. This one or one more. [snort] Don't me Yes. This one or one more. [snort] Don't me Yes. This one or one more. [snort] Don't me I like it that way because you don't use things like that I like it that way because you don't use things like that I like it that way because you don't use things like that big. That's M, you see? big. That's M, you see? big. That's M, you see? But this is a small cut of this. But this is a small cut of this. But this is a small cut of this. Do you want me to ask for an L or am I going to Do you want me to ask for an L or am I going to Do you want me to ask for an L or am I going to Find a size L and try it on? Find a size L and try it on? Find a size L and try it on? I love the fabric, huh? I love the fabric, huh? I love the fabric, huh? Let's see. Yes, I liked it. Yes, that's what Let's see. Yes, I liked it. Yes, that's what Let's see. Yes, I liked it. Yes, that's what safer. Yes, for now. safer. Yes, for now. safer. Yes, for now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see, Campera. I like it. And you don't have Let's see, Campera. I like it. And you don't have Let's see, Campera. I like it. And you don't have Brown like that? Brown like that? Brown like that? Yes, I have one, but it's broken. Yes, I have one, but it's broken. Yes, I have one, but it's broken. But you don't use it But you don't use it But you don't use it because it's broken. because it's broken. because it's broken. That's why. That's why. That's why. But it's unstitched. No, But it's unstitched. No, But it's unstitched. No, You can't send it to be repaired, but You can't send it to be repaired, but You can't send it to be repaired, but You never send it to be repaired. It looks great on you You never send it to be repaired. It looks great on you You never send it to be repaired. It looks great on you pretty. We chose the sizes very well. pretty. We chose the sizes very well. pretty. We chose the sizes very well. Yes. It's kind of tough. Yes. It's kind of tough. Yes. It's kind of tough. But all those jackets are kind of But all those jackets are kind of But all those jackets are kind of The balloon isn't hard, it's medium. The balloon isn't hard, it's medium. The balloon isn't hard, it's medium. globe. Is globe. Is globe. Is It has the shape of a balloon and is for... It has the shape of a balloon and is for... It has the shape of a balloon and is for... that form should remain, not so that it that form should remain, not so that it that form should remain, not so that it mold. mold. mold. It works for me. We never check if It works for me. We never check if It works for me. We never check if works. works. works. We're on the street and out of nowhere we go We're on the street and out of nowhere we go We're on the street and out of nowhere we go to have a pineapple tournament. There are three to have a pineapple tournament. There are three to have a pineapple tournament. There are three each. Are Ah, an ass. Ah, an ass. Ah, an ass. Dale. Okay, I'm going, I'm going. I'm going, I'm going. Dale. I'm breaking my hand. Dale. I'm breaking my hand. Dale. I'm breaking my hand. It looked like you were breaking her hand. It looked like you were breaking her hand. It looked like you were breaking her hand. You didn't want to leave one You didn't want to leave one You didn't want to leave one No, go ahead. Well, 184 maximum. Much more, huh? Well, 184 maximum. Much more, huh? Well, 184 maximum. Much more, huh? Go ahead, Go [ __ ] yourself. Go [ __ ] yourself. Go [ __ ] yourself. It's going to be given away. [laughs] It seems to be much more. It seems to be much more. It seems to be much more. Yes, but no. I want my revenge. I want my revenge. I want my revenge. 229. You won. 229. You won. 229. You won. I am sad, I am sad, I am sad, Hey. This. Come and try this because Hey. This. Come and try this because Hey. This. Come and try this because this this this Ah, there's one left. Ah, there's one left. Ah, there's one left. I don't know. Go. I think there are six plays of I don't know. Go. I think there are six plays of I don't know. Go. I think there are six plays of three. three. three. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. No, very bad, very bad, very bad, very bad, No, very bad, very bad, very bad, very bad, No, very bad, very bad, very bad, very bad, very badly. I curled up into a shell. Hey, Hey, Hey, How much had you done? How much had you done? How much had you done? I don't know. 229. I don't know. 229. I don't know. 229. And how much did I make? Hold your hand. Uh, Uh, Uh, But how much did I make? But how much did I make? But how much did I make? 224. [ __ ], do you want to try again? 224. [ __ ], do you want to try again? 224. [ __ ], do you want to try again? Because there Because there Because there Yes, if there is a yes Yes, if there is a yes Yes, if there is a yes I think you have 160 seconds. There it is. I think you have 160 seconds. There it is. I think you have 160 seconds. There it is. Dale. No, well, No, well, No, well, I think the higher you set it, the better. I think the higher you set it, the better. I think the higher you set it, the better. reply. reply. reply. Yes, it's just that I can't give it to him that much. Yes, it's just that I can't give it to him that much. Yes, it's just that I can't give it to him that much. I can't reach up there. I want to surpass you. I want to surpass you. I want to surpass you. Very little the same, isn't it? Very little the same, isn't it? Very little the same, isn't it? Yes, but I want to surpass you. Yes, but I want to surpass you. Yes, but I want to surpass you. That there is very little. That there is very little. That there is very little. I want to overcome. You look great. You look great. You look great. No, not a goat arrived. No, not a goat arrived. No, not a goat arrived. I'm not hitting him badly anymore. Turn the body. Good, that's it. We can give you those plays. that's it. We can give you those plays. that's it. We can give you those plays. to the next one who wants to come because to the next one who wants to come because to the next one who wants to come because I can't take it anymore. What happened is I can't take it anymore. What happened is I can't take it anymore. What happened is following. We were near the National Library, following. We were near the National Library, following. We were near the National Library, We went to Bond and started playing We went to Bond and started playing We went to Bond and started playing that little thing. that little thing. that little thing. Ah, because before. Ah, because before. Ah, because before. Sure, but I feel like I didn't give it my all. Ah, yes, Sure, but I feel like I didn't give it my all. Ah, yes, Sure, but I feel like I didn't give it my all. Ah, yes, Lauati bought three things at the end Lauati bought three things at the end Lauati bought three things at the end in Sara. We'll show them to you later. But in Sara. We'll show them to you later. But in Sara. We'll show them to you later. But It happened that all of them were there, I mean, it was It happened that all of them were there, I mean, it was It happened that all of them were there, I mean, it was the men's changing room and they were the men's changing room and they were the men's changing room and they were all the women of the men all the women of the men all the women of the men opinion because there were some boys who opinion because there were some boys who opinion because there were some boys who They were buying clothes for a They were buying clothes for a They were buying clothes for a marriage. marriage. marriage. There are all the non-fitting rooms, There are all the non-fitting rooms, There are all the non-fitting rooms, All the suppliers were busy All the suppliers were busy All the suppliers were busy And in each fitting room there was a woman And in each fitting room there was a woman And in each fitting room there was a woman Back guy at the door waiting Back guy at the door waiting Back guy at the door waiting "Show her," she said, "and the girl came." "Show her," she said, "and the girl came." "Show her," she said, "and the girl came." "Girls, there are a lot of them, please wait." "Girls, there are a lot of them, please wait." "Girls, there are a lot of them, please wait." "Outside." So we waited outside. "Outside." So we waited outside. "Outside." So we waited outside. Yes, that's very kind of you. Yes, yes. AND Yes, that's very kind of you. Yes, yes. AND Yes, that's very kind of you. Yes, yes. AND We waited outside, and all the men We waited outside, and all the men We waited outside, and all the men They started to put on a catwalk show. They started to put on a catwalk show. They started to put on a catwalk show. Yes, yes. They said, "Go and show them, and they are..." Yes, yes. They said, "Go and show them, and they are..." Yes, yes. They said, "Go and show them, and they are..." "Here." Let's go like this. [laughs] "Here." Let's go like this. [laughs] "Here." Let's go like this. [laughs] And that's why they didn't see how they looked on them. And that's why they didn't see how they looked on them. And that's why they didn't see how they looked on them. jeans. But then he took one of those jeans. But then he took one of those jeans. But then he took one of those jeans. And now we come to another place that jeans. And now we come to another place that jeans. And now we come to another place that Meet the author Meet the author Meet the author various clothes, so gossip, gossip, various clothes, so gossip, gossip, various clothes, so gossip, gossip, gossip. Yes, I see you, I see you. That gossip. Yes, I see you, I see you. That gossip. Yes, I see you, I see you. That Do you want to? T-shirt. You took it, you Do you want to? T-shirt. You took it, you Do you want to? T-shirt. You took it, you You wore a t-shirt, a sweater, and a You wore a t-shirt, a sweater, and a You wore a t-shirt, a sweater, and a shin. shin. shin. The little [ __ ] was the main thing. Let's go The little [ __ ] was the main thing. Let's go The little [ __ ] was the main thing. Let's go see in one of those. see in one of those. see in one of those. Chusamos, chus. Chusamos, chus. Chusamos, chus. I like it. bunnies. I'm going to remember I like it. bunnies. I'm going to remember I like it. bunnies. I'm going to remember Noodle, I don't know why. Noodle, I don't know why. Noodle, I don't know why. And that's the same thing. And that's the same thing. And that's the same thing. And yes, if that's all you think about. Never And yes, if that's all you think about. Never And yes, if that's all you think about. Never think about Kenimos. Favoritism. think about Kenimos. Favoritism. think about Kenimos. Favoritism. There is no favoritism. [music] There is no favoritism. [music] There is no favoritism. [music] There is favoritism. There is a full There is favoritism. There is a full There is favoritism. There is a full It's known that there's favoritism, but it's okay. It's known that there's favoritism, but it's okay. It's known that there's favoritism, but it's okay. My favorite is Kenny. He grabbed a good one My favorite is Kenny. He grabbed a good one My favorite is Kenny. He grabbed a good one of little things. of little things. of little things. [laughter] The one who said it was difficult [laughter] The one who said it was difficult [laughter] The one who said it was difficult choose. choose. choose. No, I don't have trouble choosing. I choose No, I don't have trouble choosing. I choose No, I don't have trouble choosing. I choose a lot, and then I reduce the type of purchase. a lot, and then I reduce the type of purchase. a lot, and then I reduce the type of purchase. what it has to be. I love it. what it has to be. I love it. what it has to be. I love it. Let's get the approval process started. Let's get the approval process started. Let's get the approval process started. Let's start with the jackets. Let's start with the jackets. Let's start with the jackets. Dale. Let's see. Dale. Let's see. Dale. Let's see. There are two jackets There are two jackets There are two jackets very pretty. Jackets, in fact. very pretty. Jackets, in fact. very pretty. Jackets, in fact. The jackets are great. The jackets are great. The jackets are great. Like, like, like, Like, like, like, Like, like, like, like. like. like. You would use it too because that's a You would use it too because that's a You would use it too because that's a incentive to buy it myself. incentive to buy it myself. incentive to buy it myself. Yes, 100%. Yes, 100%. Yes, 100%. Because I like it Because I like it Because I like it She and she surely must have [laughs] seen. She and she surely must have [laughs] seen. She and she surely must have [laughs] seen. We have a shared closet We have a shared closet We have a shared closet and and and all my t-shirts, that's why I'm all my t-shirts, that's why I'm all my t-shirts, that's why I'm doing some shopping [laughs] doing some shopping [laughs] doing some shopping [laughs] They are at home. They are at home. They are at home. Sure, but there are many of my t-shirts that Sure, but there are many of my t-shirts that Sure, but there are many of my t-shirts that They're in your house too. It happens that, like They're in your house too. It happens that, like They're in your house too. It happens that, like I have more, yes, you'll have some left. I have more, yes, you'll have some left. I have more, yes, you'll have some left. little painted. I have more t-shirts, little painted. I have more t-shirts, little painted. I have more t-shirts, So it seems like no. But the So it seems like no. But the So it seems like no. But the The [ __ ] you use the most are the ones you have in your The [ __ ] you use the most are the ones you have in your The [ __ ] you use the most are the ones you have in your house because you used them. house because you used them. house because you used them. Yes, the truth is Yes, the truth is Yes, the truth is They are also two different vibes. They are also two different vibes. They are also two different vibes. Very short, Very short, Very short, Yeah? No, Yeah? No, Yeah? No, very small. very small. very small. That's the same That's the same That's the same I like the jacket too, maybe a I like the jacket too, maybe a I like the jacket too, maybe a larger size. That's an M. I like the one better. larger size. That's an M. I like the one better. larger size. That's an M. I like the one better. green, but I like that one a lot too. green, but I like that one a lot too. green, but I like that one a lot too. How does it look on you? Because they're two vibes How does it look on you? Because they're two vibes How does it look on you? Because they're two vibes different. Since that's more for different. Since that's more for different. Since that's more for The green one is more for daytime. The green one is more for daytime. The green one is more for daytime. ass. ass. ass. Yes, I like this one. This one convinces me Yes, I like this one. This one convinces me Yes, I like this one. This one convinces me because I feel like you can use this in because I feel like you can use this in because I feel like you can use this in any time. any time. any time. But the green one too. But the green one too. But the green one too. The green one. But as I was saying, at night, The green one. But as I was saying, at night, The green one. But as I was saying, at night, No? No? No? Yes, you can use it at night. I mean, they are Yes, you can use it at night. I mean, they are Yes, you can use it at night. I mean, they are two slightly different viruses. two slightly different viruses. two slightly different viruses. I feel like this one fits me perfectly. I feel like this one fits me perfectly. I feel like this one fits me perfectly. I feel like the other one looks better on you. I feel like the other one looks better on you. I feel like the other one looks better on you. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yes, but that one looks nice on you too. Yes, but that one looks nice on you too. Yes, but that one looks nice on you too. We'll follow the women's advice, We'll follow the women's advice, We'll follow the women's advice, so. so. so. No no. Both look great on you. No no. Both look great on you. No no. Both look great on you. I, personally, like the green one better. Do it I, personally, like the green one better. Do it I, personally, like the green one better. Do it whatever you want. Your clothes. whatever you want. Your clothes. whatever you want. Your clothes. I like the cut. I like the cut. I like the cut. Don't you like the cut? Don't you like the cut? Don't you like the cut? I like the normal cut. Uh-huh. I like the normal cut. Uh-huh. I like the normal cut. Uh-huh. Normal. Or it's a normal t-shirt. If you Normal. Or it's a normal t-shirt. If you Normal. Or it's a normal t-shirt. If you I see with the street, through the street with that I see with the street, through the street with that I see with the street, through the street with that T-shirt, but seriously. Ah, that's normal. T-shirt, but seriously. Ah, that's normal. T-shirt, but seriously. Ah, that's normal. Is it good or not? Is it good or not? Is it good or not? I like it. She's pretty. I like it. She's pretty. I like it. She's pretty. I like it. I like it. I like it. I don't know if he drove me crazy. I don't know if he drove me crazy. I don't know if he drove me crazy. like, uh like, uh like, uh It's a t-shirt. It is very difficult for a It's a t-shirt. It is very difficult for a It's a t-shirt. It is very difficult for a The t-shirt will drive you crazy too. The t-shirt will drive you crazy too. The t-shirt will drive you crazy too. Well, he's Dad. Well, he's Dad. Well, he's Dad. This t-shirt is bigger than you are. This t-shirt is bigger than you are. This t-shirt is bigger than you are. soles use, but also te qua linda. soles use, but also te qua linda. soles use, but also te qua linda. What do you think? You didn't like it. What do you think? You didn't like it. What do you think? You didn't like it. It's much bigger than you think. It's much bigger than you think. It's much bigger than you think. soles use the clothes. soles use the clothes. soles use the clothes. But But But Yes, I like it better shorter this way. Yes, I like it better shorter this way. Yes, I like it better shorter this way. I feel like it's good or not. I feel like it's good or not. I feel like it's good or not. I like the color. That's what I was going to tell you. I like the color. That's what I was going to tell you. I like the color. That's what I was going to tell you. In other words, it's not a color that I have. In other words, it's not a color that I have. In other words, it's not a color that I have. nor that I usually use. nor that I usually use. nor that I usually use. I like the color. That? I like the color. That? I like the color. That? Okay. The next item of clothing I will Okay. The next item of clothing I will Okay. The next item of clothing I will I saw it and I liked it. I liked the colors. I saw it and I liked it. I liked the colors. I saw it and I liked it. I liked the colors. The doctor said no, but he said, "I'll do it The doctor said no, but he said, "I'll do it The doctor said no, but he said, "I'll do it I'll try it too I'll try it too I'll try it too by. by. by. I'm fine with it, but he doesn't like this one. Me I'm fine with it, but he doesn't like this one. Me I'm fine with it, but he doesn't like this one. Me I like it. We need to close those buttons for him. I like it. We need to close those buttons for him. I like it. We need to close those buttons for him. No? The neck is very high. No? The neck is very high. No? The neck is very high. Yes, yes, the neck [laughs] Yes, yes, it's true. The neck looks strange, Yes, yes, it's true. The neck looks strange, Yes, yes, it's true. The neck looks strange, but if. but if. but if. Last item. Last item. Last item. Last item. A completely Last item. A completely Last item. A completely basic. I'm disgusted. It's strange. It's the same. basic. I'm disgusted. It's strange. It's the same. basic. I'm disgusted. It's strange. It's the same. It's strange to see you wearing a black t-shirt. It's strange to see you wearing a black t-shirt. It's strange to see you wearing a black t-shirt. It's very strange. [laughs] Yes I like it. Yes I like it. Yes I like it. Like, Like, Like, like, like, like. Well, we arrived alone like, like, like. Well, we arrived alone like, like, like. Well, we arrived alone from Lauti. She doesn't want to take it out from Lauti. She doesn't want to take it out from Lauti. She doesn't want to take it out jacket. I told him, where to get the jacket. I told him, where to get the jacket. I told him, where to get the jacket? You told me, I don't know, I'm going to be jacket? You told me, I don't know, I'm going to be jacket? You told me, I don't know, I'm going to be So. So the ti is going to keep the So. So the ti is going to keep the So. So the ti is going to keep the jacket, but we're going to do it, okay, we'll do it jacket, but we're going to do it, okay, we'll do it jacket, but we're going to do it, okay, we'll do it It's going to be a hall at the end of all the It's going to be a hall at the end of all the It's going to be a hall at the end of all the things that were bought. I know that I am in things that were bought. I know that I am in things that were bought. I know that I am in These videos, I am one, it depends where These videos, I am one, it depends where These videos, I am one, it depends where You see it, a bad influence. You see it, a bad influence. You see it, a bad influence. No no No no No no Put it. He [laughs] had a cold Put it. He [laughs] had a cold Put it. He [laughs] had a cold There was something he wasn't going to buy, and he There was something he wasn't going to buy, and he There was something he wasn't going to buy, and he I said, but it looks very nice on you. He tells me, I said, but it looks very nice on you. He tells me, I said, but it looks very nice on you. He tells me, "Okay, I'll buy it." So it's like "Okay, I'll buy it." So it's like "Okay, I'll buy it." So it's like You also bought a lot because I You also bought a lot because I You also bought a lot because I I feel like I pushed you into that. I feel like I pushed you into that. I feel like I pushed you into that. I'm going to say something too. Like me I'm going to say something too. Like me I'm going to say something too. Like me I had said, I postan don't buy clothes I had said, I postan don't buy clothes I had said, I postan don't buy clothes does, does, does, No, it's never bought. No, it's never bought. No, it's never bought. No, but years, years ago. So how No, but years, years ago. So how No, but years, years ago. So how As I always said, lately I've started As I always said, lately I've started As I always said, lately I've started to also happen that it is clearly to to also happen that it is clearly to to also happen that it is clearly to Being with José, like we went out and like Being with José, like we went out and like Being with José, like we went out and like I always wore the same clothes I always wore the same clothes I always wore the same clothes When we were going out, I said how I want to be. When we were going out, I said how I want to be. When we were going out, I said how I want to be. It's nice too if we're going out then It's nice too if we're going out then It's nice too if we're going out then I want to buy things to wear when I go out and I want to buy things to wear when I go out and I want to buy things to wear when I go out and to be beautiful [music] to be beautiful [music] to be beautiful [music] It's always nice, but oh well. It's always nice, but oh well. It's always nice, but oh well. But it's understandable. But it's understandable. But it's understandable. Yes, I understand what you mean Yes, I understand what you mean Yes, I understand what you mean renewed because neither, I mean renewed because neither, I mean renewed because neither, I mean Of course, highly acclaimed by me, for me the best Of course, highly acclaimed by me, for me the best Of course, highly acclaimed by me, for me the best cute, not the second cutest thing you've ever seen cute, not the second cutest thing you've ever seen cute, not the second cutest thing you've ever seen you bought all day. I know it's you bought all day. I know it's you bought all day. I know it's which which which This jacket is my second favorite This jacket is my second favorite This jacket is my second favorite Nice one that was bought today. Nice one that was bought today. Nice one that was bought today. It's very It's very It's very She looks beautiful. That jacket is very nice. She looks beautiful. That jacket is very nice. She looks beautiful. That jacket is very nice. Hey, good Hey, good Hey, good We call them places. Uh, how do you We call them places. Uh, how do you We call them places. Uh, how do you What is this place called? What is this place called? What is this place called? It's called Open. It's called Open. It's called Open. No, it's called 933.993. No, it's called 933.993. No, it's called 933.993. Their brand is 993. The place is Their brand is 993. The place is Their brand is 993. The place is Open call. Open call. Open call. Uh, what this brand has for me is that Uh, what this brand has for me is that Uh, what this brand has for me is that It's good, the quality is very good. It's good, the quality is very good. It's good, the quality is very good. It's like a vintage piece that also has its own... It's like a vintage piece that also has its own... It's like a vintage piece that also has its own... my own brand that I lit. my own brand that I lit. my own brand that I lit. Yes, you bought things from their brand. Yes, you bought things from their brand. Yes, you bought things from their brand. Of course, I didn't buy anything. We continue. Come on Of course, I didn't buy anything. We continue. Come on Of course, I didn't buy anything. We continue. Come on on the healthy side. on the healthy side. on the healthy side. Okay. Okay. Okay. I don't have any black clothes. I don't have any black clothes. I don't have any black clothes. I didn't show how this one turned out. I didn't show how this one turned out. I didn't show how this one turned out. I'm just saying, I don't have any black clothes. Have I'm just saying, I don't have any black clothes. Have I'm just saying, I don't have any black clothes. Have Its blackness is the only thing black. Its blackness is the only thing black. Its blackness is the only thing black. It's the only black thing about it, It's the only black thing about it, It's the only black thing about it, literally the only black thing and when literally the only black thing and when literally the only black thing and when We want to combine, I'm almost always We want to combine, I'm almost always We want to combine, I'm almost always in black and he always wears that sweater in black and he always wears that sweater in black and he always wears that sweater because it doesn't have because it doesn't have because it doesn't have black pants. I never believe that in the black pants. I never believe that in the black pants. I never believe that in the She had a black pair of pants in her life. She had a black pair of pants in her life. She had a black pair of pants in her life. Well, Well, Well, Now I have one Now I have one Now I have one And he's really cute, he's Sanchito, he's tall, And he's really cute, he's Sanchito, he's tall, And he's really cute, he's Sanchito, he's tall, It looks very nice on. This is the one that It looks very nice on. This is the one that It looks very nice on. This is the one that She came to march in the parade, we were all there She came to march in the parade, we were all there She came to march in the parade, we were all there so behind the fitting room waiting for so behind the fitting room waiting for so behind the fitting room waiting for Let the men come out and he came like this Let the men come out and he came like this Let the men come out and he came like this And he showed me the first one and I said, And he showed me the first one and I said, And he showed me the first one and I said, "Not that one." They started laughing their heads off "Not that one." They started laughing their heads off "Not that one." They started laughing their heads off the women who are. "Yes, but not because of the women who are. "Yes, but not because of the women who are. "Yes, but not because of You, because I told you no and you You, because I told you no and you You, because I told you no and you You kept saying, "No, you're right." No. You kept saying, "No, you're right." No. You kept saying, "No, you're right." No. [laughs] And when you came with that one, you [laughs] And when you came with that one, you [laughs] And when you came with that one, you I said, "Yes, I like that one better." And I saw one I said, "Yes, I like that one better." And I saw one I said, "Yes, I like that one better." And I saw one lady and said, "They can't do anything lady and said, "They can't do anything lady and said, "They can't do anything "Alone." I heard that. [laughs] "Alone." I heard that. [laughs] "Alone." I heard that. [laughs] Yes. And the visual effect is really funny. Yes. And the visual effect is really funny. Yes. And the visual effect is really funny. all the women waiting for the all the women waiting for the all the women waiting for the men go out and try themselves out. Remedy men go out and try themselves out. Remedy men go out and try themselves out. Remedy grey. The gray one was chosen, not the white one. grey. The gray one was chosen, not the white one. grey. The gray one was chosen, not the white one. I like the ending. I like the ending. I like the ending. Yes, I liked the white one. Yes, I liked the white one. Yes, I liked the white one. And this, for me, is the most beautiful thing that you... And this, for me, is the most beautiful thing that you... And this, for me, is the most beautiful thing that you... you bought today. Suspense. you bought today. Suspense. you bought today. Suspense. Comment on what it is. Comment on what it is. Comment on what it is. He wanted them to eat. He wanted them to eat. He wanted them to eat. Fanicendo. Fanicendo. Fanicendo. Fanatic about the comments. Fanatic about the comments. Fanatic about the comments. Yes, besides, I already asked for like 10 comments. Yes, besides, I already asked for like 10 comments. Yes, besides, I already asked for like 10 comments. How many comments? How many comments? How many comments? Pen the minute. [snort] There it is. AND Pen the minute. [snort] There it is. AND Pen the minute. [snort] There it is. AND then a basic black t-shirt. then a basic black t-shirt. then a basic black t-shirt. These were my favorite purchases. These were my favorite purchases. These were my favorite purchases. because it was hard for me my whole life because it was hard for me my whole life because it was hard for me my whole life I'll put on black clothes, a black t-shirt I'll put on black clothes, a black t-shirt I'll put on black clothes, a black t-shirt I think Lisa, I don't know if I ever had one I think Lisa, I don't know if I ever had one I think Lisa, I don't know if I ever had one in life and I really like how I feel in life and I really like how I feel in life and I really like how I feel like, I said like, I said like, I said Yes, it looks nice on you, it suits you well. Yes, it looks nice on you, it suits you well. Yes, it looks nice on you, it suits you well. I liked it. I liked it. I liked it. You feel comfortable. You feel comfortable. Tea You feel comfortable. You feel comfortable. Tea You feel comfortable. You feel comfortable. Tea you felt the vibe. you felt the vibe. you felt the vibe. I felt the vibe. I felt the vibe. I felt the vibe. I felt the vibe. I felt the vibe. I felt the vibe. This is also one of my favorites. I the This is also one of my favorites. I the This is also one of my favorites. I the I loved it. I might say something to her. I loved it. I might say something to her. I loved it. I might say something to her. She didn't like it that much because she has a She didn't like it that much because she has a She didn't like it that much because she has a same jacket. same jacket. same jacket. It's not that I didn't like it that much, I loved it. It's not that I didn't like it that much, I loved it. It's not that I didn't like it that much, I loved it. But you have the same jacket. But you have the same jacket. But you have the same jacket. I have an identical jacket. I have an identical jacket. I have an identical jacket. I always liked that jacket. I always liked that jacket. I always liked that jacket. she. she. she. Oh really? Oh really? Oh really? Did you never tell me? Did you never tell me? Did you never tell me? Yes, I always told you that jacket is nice. EITHER Yes, I always told you that jacket is nice. EITHER Yes, I always told you that jacket is nice. EITHER I mean, maybe I never emphasized it to you I mean, maybe I never emphasized it to you I mean, maybe I never emphasized it to you which I love. The gray one or the black one. which I love. The gray one or the black one. which I love. The gray one or the black one. You say You say You say the one that's like that. the one that's like that. the one that's like that. But you also have a gray one that is But you also have a gray one that is But you also have a gray one that is similar to that one. similar to that one. similar to that one. I'm talking about the one that's like a suit. I'm talking about the one that's like a suit. I'm talking about the one that's like a suit. Well, it's the same because he's black. Well, it's the same because he's black. Well, it's the same because he's black. grayish. grayish. grayish. Big purchases are mostly basic things Big purchases are mostly basic things Big purchases are mostly basic things very pretty. My favorite purchase. very pretty. My favorite purchase. very pretty. My favorite purchase. Ah, yes, Ah, yes, Ah, yes, of everything you did. I loved it. No, of everything you did. I loved it. No, of everything you did. I loved it. No, I loved it. I loved it. I loved it. I loved that sweater. I was fascinated and I loved that sweater. I was fascinated and I loved that sweater. I was fascinated and I feel like it's very you. In other words, I feel that I feel like it's very you. In other words, I feel that I feel like it's very you. In other words, I feel that You're putting your face here on this sweater. You're putting your face here on this sweater. You're putting your face here on this sweater. Yes. The jacket, everything. But I feel that Yes. The jacket, everything. But I feel that Yes. The jacket, everything. But I feel that This one in particular has your face on it. Is This one in particular has your face on it. Is This one in particular has your face on it. Is I'd buy it from you if I saw it. I'd buy it from you if I saw it. I'd buy it from you if I saw it. I feel that way. I feel it's from I feel that way. I feel it's from I feel that way. I feel it's from I buy those things myself. I buy those things myself. I buy those things myself. at his house and the next day he shows up with at his house and the next day he shows up with at his house and the next day he shows up with this. this. this. Yes, like the diver I stole from him, which is mine Yes, like the diver I stole from him, which is mine Yes, like the diver I stole from him, which is mine favorite diver. Was favorite diver. Was favorite diver. Was It was my favorite diver. Do you know which one? It was my favorite diver. Do you know which one? It was my favorite diver. Do you know which one? speaks? speaks? speaks? Yes, the blue one with the fishing. That Yes, the blue one with the fishing. That Yes, the blue one with the fishing. That I think you posted it on your last blog. I think you posted it on your last blog. I think you posted it on your last blog. Yes, yes, yes. Because everyone, everyone Yes, yes, yes. Because everyone, everyone Yes, yes, yes. Because everyone, everyone When I put it on, they ask me about it. Of When I put it on, they ask me about it. Of When I put it on, they ask me about it. Of Where is that use? Where is that used? It's from Where is that use? Where is that used? It's from Where is that use? Where is that used? It's from He was, but now he's mine. He was, but now he's mine. He was, but now he's mine. So, well, we'll show you later. So, well, we'll show you later. So, well, we'll show you later. I don't know if we'll show them, but I don't know if we'll show them, but I don't know if we'll show them, but is going to eat is going to eat is going to eat breaded cutlet with noodles that we were breaded cutlet with noodles that we were breaded cutlet with noodles that we were arguing. arguing. arguing. Milanesa, no, Milanesa, no, Milanesa, no, my breaded cutlets with noodles that we were my breaded cutlets with noodles that we were my breaded cutlets with noodles that we were discussing a breaded cutlet with noodles. discussing a breaded cutlet with noodles. discussing a breaded cutlet with noodles. What kind of noodles do you eat them with? For me it's What kind of noodles do you eat them with? For me it's What kind of noodles do you eat them with? For me it's They eat with spaghetti. In other words, breaded cutlet They eat with spaghetti. In other words, breaded cutlet They eat with spaghetti. In other words, breaded cutlet with noodles it's milanesa with spaghetti. with noodles it's milanesa with spaghetti. with noodles it's milanesa with spaghetti. You can put a little bow on it, you can put You can put a little bow on it, you can put You can put a little bow on it, you can put elbow, you can put whatever you want on it. elbow, you can put whatever you want on it. elbow, you can put whatever you want on it. Now Now Now I'm very much into I'm very much into I'm very much into The dish is with spaghetti The dish is with spaghetti The dish is with spaghetti of the tube. What's the name of the tube? of the tube. What's the name of the tube? of the tube. What's the name of the tube? Penis. The penis regati. Penises are the Penis. The penis regati. Penises are the Penis. The penis regati. Penises are the They're made of a little tube, but they're in They're made of a little tube, but they're in They're made of a little tube, but they're in diagonal, it is not a cylindrical tube. diagonal, it is not a cylindrical tube. diagonal, it is not a cylindrical tube. Diagonal tube, Diagonal tube, Diagonal tube, Sure, it's like it's cut diagonally. Sure, it's like it's cut diagonally. Sure, it's like it's cut diagonally. penis. penis. penis. I like penises. I like penises. I like penises. Penis. Regati, you like penis. Well, and Penis. Regati, you like penis. Well, and Penis. Regati, you like penis. Well, and at the end, a champions' dinner. It is a at the end, a champions' dinner. It is a at the end, a champions' dinner. It is a great dinner for a great day. great dinner for a great day. great dinner for a great day. Hey, that's got a great look. I couldn't see them Hey, that's got a great look. I couldn't see them Hey, that's got a great look. I couldn't see them my breaded cutlets that I made in a Tupperware container my breaded cutlets that I made in a Tupperware container my breaded cutlets that I made in a Tupperware container Giant of milanesas on Sofi's blog. Giant of milanesas on Sofi's blog. Giant of milanesas on Sofi's blog. I don't know if you saw it. I don't know if you saw it. I don't know if you saw it. We'll leave them here. We'll leave them here. We'll leave them here. You know what? [laughs] I never learned how to do You know what? [laughs] I never learned how to do You know what? [laughs] I never learned how to do that? that? that? Nothing. It's nonsense. Nothing. It's nonsense. Nothing. It's nonsense. I did some research to put a little video there I did some research to put a little video there I did some research to put a little video there when one says it. I mean, I guess where when one says it. I mean, I guess where when one says it. I mean, I guess where It's because I've already uploaded a lot of videos. It's because I've already uploaded a lot of videos. It's because I've already uploaded a lot of videos. I know where it's done, but I never will. I know where it's done, but I never will. I know where it's done, but I never will. I did. But hey, it's a great meal I did. But hey, it's a great meal I did. But hey, it's a great meal for a great day. Don't you have for a great day. Don't you have for a great day. Don't you have A little lemon for your milanesa? A little lemon for your milanesa? A little lemon for your milanesa? Don't tell me, please, because I Don't tell me, please, because I Don't tell me, please, because I I hate eating. I eat everything with lemon. I hate eating. I eat everything with lemon. I hate eating. I eat everything with lemon. Now, breaded cutlet. I don't have a lemon. Want Now, breaded cutlet. I don't have a lemon. Want Now, breaded cutlet. I don't have a lemon. Want Ketchup or olioli? Ketchup or olioli? Ketchup or olioli? No, thanks. No, I don't want that one. It kills me. No, thanks. No, I don't want that one. It kills me. No, thanks. No, I don't want that one. It kills me. It kills me not to eat with ketchup. Oh, It kills me not to eat with ketchup. Oh, It kills me not to eat with ketchup. Oh, with ketchup. No, with lemon. My phytos with ketchup. No, with lemon. My phytos with ketchup. No, with lemon. My phytos with cream, their little ones with butter. with cream, their little ones with butter. with cream, their little ones with butter. Yes. Because it's not that I don't like it with Yes. Because it's not that I don't like it with Yes. Because it's not that I don't like it with cream, but for me, with milanesa it's with cream, but for me, with milanesa it's with cream, but for me, with milanesa it's with Yes, for me too. Why do I like them? Yes, for me too. Why do I like them? Yes, for me too. Why do I like them? further. No, no, my mouth further. No, no, my mouth further. No, no, my mouth I like it when the milanesa is tangled. I like it when the milanesa is tangled. I like it when the milanesa is tangled. So, [laughs] Hmm. That's how we're going to end the day. I don't know what That's how we're going to end the day. I don't know what That's how we're going to end the day. I don't know what I'm going to do it tomorrow, so I'll see tomorrow. I'm going to do it tomorrow, so I'll see tomorrow. I'm going to do it tomorrow, so I'll see tomorrow. And tomorrow I have to rest all day. And tomorrow I have to rest all day. And tomorrow I have to rest all day. because on Monday I have studies because on Monday I have studies because on Monday I have studies doctors that I have to get up at doctors that I have to get up at doctors that I have to get up at 6 in the morning, so things to the 6 in the morning, so things to the 6 in the morning, so things to the night, not on Sunday. And I have to have night, not on Sunday. And I have to have night, not on Sunday. And I have to have a quiet day because I have to a quiet day because I have to a quiet day because I have to draw blood, he has to draw one draw blood, he has to draw one draw blood, he has to draw one The hormone called prolactin, I think. The hormone called prolactin, I think. The hormone called prolactin, I think. Yeah. Yes, José told me, "Hey, I have to Yeah. Yes, José told me, "Hey, I have to Yeah. Yes, José told me, "Hey, I have to Be relaxed, I don't know, go on Be relaxed, I don't know, go on Be relaxed, I don't know, go on "Sleep at your house." He told me, "No, I'm breaking up "Sleep at your house." He told me, "No, I'm breaking up "Sleep at your house." He told me, "No, I'm breaking up the ball one day." No, no, but if the the ball one day." No, no, but if the the ball one day." No, no, but if the On Sunday I have to get up at 6 am On Sunday I have to get up at 6 am On Sunday I have to get up at 6 am in the morning because it is a hormone that is in the morning because it is a hormone that is in the morning because it is a hormone that is Take it out in the morning, no matter what. I love you to death Take it out in the morning, no matter what. I love you to death Take it out in the morning, no matter what. I love you to death At 7 o'clock I slept at your house, I'm going to At 7 o'clock I slept at your house, I'm going to At 7 o'clock I slept at your house, I'm going to waking up for nothing. On Monday I have to waking up for nothing. On Monday I have to waking up for nothing. On Monday I have to conduct several studies. One of them is conduct several studies. One of them is conduct several studies. One of them is Vari studies don't involve drawing blood. Vari studies don't involve drawing blood. Vari studies don't involve drawing blood. further further further No, because later in the afternoon I have the No, because later in the afternoon I have the No, because later in the afternoon I have the two ultrasounds. I'm not pregnant, no two ultrasounds. I'm not pregnant, no two ultrasounds. I'm not pregnant, no I am pregnant. I'm feeling unwell, I I am pregnant. I'm feeling unwell, I I am pregnant. I'm feeling unwell, I The cachufla bleeds. No, you see, they listen. The cachufla bleeds. No, you see, they listen. The cachufla bleeds. No, you see, they listen. The word ultrasound and she is a baby. No, The word ultrasound and she is a baby. No, The word ultrasound and she is a baby. No, No, sword, I have to draw blood. No, sword, I have to draw blood. No, sword, I have to draw blood. They're going to take my prolactin, which is a They're going to take my prolactin, which is a They're going to take my prolactin, which is a hormone that you have to be very hormone that you have to be very hormone that you have to be very Don't worry, it's a hormone of Don't worry, it's a hormone of Don't worry, it's a hormone of stress. So, you didn't the day before. stress. So, you didn't the day before. stress. So, you didn't the day before. You can exercise. There are a lot of You can exercise. There are a lot of You can exercise. There are a lot of Things you can't do on the days Things you can't do on the days Things you can't do on the days previous ones. In fact, before previous ones. In fact, before previous ones. In fact, before Take it out, like you have to Take it out, like you have to Take it out, like you have to You have to wake up 2 hours earlier. You have to wake up 2 hours earlier. You have to wake up 2 hours earlier. remain seated for 20 minutes before remain seated for 20 minutes before remain seated for 20 minutes before draw it out with blood. It's like draw it out with blood. It's like draw it out with blood. It's like A lot, you have to be very calm. A lot, you have to be very calm. A lot, you have to be very calm. So tomorrow's a chill day, a relaxed day So tomorrow's a chill day, a relaxed day So tomorrow's a chill day, a relaxed day And I have to, oh, thank you, I have to And I have to, oh, thank you, I have to And I have to, oh, thank you, I have to fasting, so at night too fasting, so at night too fasting, so at night too quiet dinner and all that. quiet dinner and all that. quiet dinner and all that. No, on the contrary, you have to fast. No, on the contrary, you have to fast. No, on the contrary, you have to fast. I ate like a beast, but you know what I mean. I ate like a beast, but you know what I mean. I ate like a beast, but you know what I mean. Weapons, yes or no? Weapons, yes or no? Weapons, yes or no? Yes, well, but I say not late, I say Yes, well, but I say not late, I say Yes, well, but I say not late, I say By "tranqui" I meant having dinner early. By "tranqui" I meant having dinner early. By "tranqui" I meant having dinner early. Anyway, see you tomorrow. Anyway, see you tomorrow. Anyway, see you tomorrow. See you tomorrow. Bye. See you tomorrow. Bye. See you tomorrow. Bye. It's Sunday and as you can see, I don't have one. It's Sunday and as you can see, I don't have one. It's Sunday and as you can see, I don't have one. I'm putting on a brave face because I'm not having a I'm putting on a brave face because I'm not having a I'm putting on a brave face because I'm not having a good day. In fact, I'm not having good day. In fact, I'm not having good day. In fact, I'm not having It's been a good week overall, but today I It's been a good week overall, but today I It's been a good week overall, but today I I woke up feeling very ill and the OT told me, I woke up feeling very ill and the OT told me, I woke up feeling very ill and the OT told me, "Okay, I'll go with you and we'll go out to..." "Okay, I'll go with you and we'll go out to..." "Okay, I'll go with you and we'll go out to..." "Let's go for a walk and clear our heads." And I don't know "Let's go for a walk and clear our heads." And I don't know "Let's go for a walk and clear our heads." And I don't know He came to my house, bought me flowers, and He came to my house, bought me flowers, and He came to my house, bought me flowers, and We're going out to eat. They are really cute We're going out to eat. They are really cute We're going out to eat. They are really cute the flowers. the flowers. the flowers. That some girls were yellowish and in That some girls were yellowish and in That some girls were yellowish and in There were 20 girls in hers. Actually 20 There were 20 girls in hers. Actually 20 There were 20 girls in hers. Actually 20 12-year-old girls. And I went in alone because 12-year-old girls. And I went in alone because 12-year-old girls. And I went in alone because I didn't tell him, and when the girls came in... I didn't tell him, and when the girls came in... I didn't tell him, and when the girls came in... flowers flowers flowers I looked at them and they started to fall off I looked at them and they started to fall off I looked at them and they started to fall off laughter and it was like, I don't know, it was funny. laughter and it was like, I don't know, it was funny. laughter and it was like, I don't know, it was funny. Well, I told it in a funny way, but Well, I told it in a funny way, but Well, I told it in a funny way, but What I wanted to tell you was that we are What I wanted to tell you was that we are What I wanted to tell you was that we are Walking down the street, as I said, Walking down the street, as I said, Walking down the street, as I said, I have a dead face, I mean, I'm... I have a dead face, I mean, I'm... I have a dead face, I mean, I'm... I'm having a really bad day. And a little boy comes along I'm having a really bad day. And a little boy comes along I'm having a really bad day. And a little boy comes along The ti, she won't let me lie. A comes The ti, she won't let me lie. A comes The ti, she won't let me lie. A comes A kid out of nowhere tells me, A kid out of nowhere tells me, A kid out of nowhere tells me, "Give me a hug." No, out of nowhere. A "Give me a hug." No, out of nowhere. A "Give me a hug." No, out of nowhere. A Sweet baby, but a baby for 5 years Sweet baby, but a baby for 5 years Sweet baby, but a baby for 5 years baby, yes, yes, a very sweet baby. And it baby, yes, yes, a very sweet baby. And it baby, yes, yes, a very sweet baby. And it He put me in front of him, he put me like this with AB and He put me in front of him, he put me like this with AB and He put me in front of him, he put me like this with AB and He told me, "Give me a hug." And he gave it to him He told me, "Give me a hug." And he gave it to him He told me, "Give me a hug." And he gave it to him I hug the [laughs] baby. My life, what I hug the [laughs] baby. My life, what I hug the [laughs] baby. My life, what tenderness. I mean, he's a kid. tenderness. I mean, he's a kid. tenderness. I mean, he's a kid. What did he paint for her? What did he paint for her? What did he paint for her? And I told him that for me, like the And I told him that for me, like the And I told him that for me, like the Kids like that feel everything. For me, like the Kids like that feel everything. For me, like the Kids like that feel everything. For me, like the He saw that he was kind of down and said like He saw that he was kind of down and said like He saw that he was kind of down and said like Tell me all the bad things, I'll tell you. Tell me all the bad things, I'll tell you. Tell me all the bad things, I'll tell you. I become good and I'm going to have a good time I become good and I'm going to have a good time I become good and I'm going to have a good time day now. Oh, I thought that was the case. day now. Oh, I thought that was the case. day now. Oh, I thought that was the case. terrible evil spirit and gave me the terrible evil spirit and gave me the terrible evil spirit and gave me the hug for, [laughs] hug for, [laughs] hug for, [laughs] I don't know, do something bad. I don't know, do something bad. I don't know, do something bad. No, on the contrary, the baby was a sweetheart. No, on the contrary, the baby was a sweetheart. No, on the contrary, the baby was a sweetheart. but bad. but bad. but bad. No, no, that baby is very cute. Never again No, no, that baby is very cute. Never again No, no, that baby is very cute. Never again Something like that happened to me with a little boy Something like that happened to me with a little boy Something like that happened to me with a little boy That's never happened to me in my life. That's never happened to me in my life. That's never happened to me in my life. Come on, look, give me a hug. And never Come on, look, give me a hug. And never Come on, look, give me a hug. And never I go out crying into the street, very much like that. I go out crying into the street, very much like that. I go out crying into the street, very much like that. I rarely go out with a puffy face I rarely go out with a puffy face I rarely go out with a puffy face street. So, the first time that street. So, the first time that street. So, the first time that I'm leaving all sad, give me a hug. I'm leaving all sad, give me a hug. I'm leaving all sad, give me a hug. Look, how sweet. Maybe the mother didn't even know Look, how sweet. Maybe the mother didn't even know Look, how sweet. Maybe the mother didn't even know He didn't flinch, so it must be normal that he He didn't flinch, so it must be normal that he He didn't flinch, so it must be normal that he go ahead and give out hugs, kid. go ahead and give out hugs, kid. go ahead and give out hugs, kid. The kid was like, I mean, The kid was like, I mean, The kid was like, I mean, Okay, what do you want me to do? I will give it to you Okay, what do you want me to do? I will give it to you Okay, what do you want me to do? I will give it to you hug. hug. hug. Yes, literally. Yes, literally. Yes, literally. Well, we came here to eat. We came to Well, we came here to eat. We came to Well, we came here to eat. We came to eat at Crio, which is the place that eat at Crio, which is the place that eat at Crio, which is the place that We came for Mother's Day too. We came for Mother's Day too. We came for Mother's Day too. Lauti had never been here before, so it's Lauti had never been here before, so it's Lauti had never been here before, so it's really cute. It's a highly advertised place, really cute. It's a highly advertised place, really cute. It's a highly advertised place, But seriously, it's a place where you can eat well. But seriously, it's a place where you can eat well. But seriously, it's a place where you can eat well. Well, everything I ate was delicious. I don't know Well, everything I ate was delicious. I don't know Well, everything I ate was delicious. I don't know What are the prices like? It's not cheap. What are the prices like? It's not cheap. What are the prices like? It's not cheap. It's not cheap. It's not cheap. It's not cheap. Don't think it's terribly expensive either. Sale Don't think it's terribly expensive either. Sale Don't think it's terribly expensive either. Sale the same thing that appears everywhere the same thing that appears everywhere the same thing that appears everywhere And it's very nice and they treat you very well. And it's very nice and they treat you very well. And it's very nice and they treat you very well. So I recommend this place. So I recommend this place. So I recommend this place. Hey, Hey, Hey, And the food arrived quickly. And the food arrived quickly. And the food arrived quickly. Very fast, it's full. Very fast, it's full. Very fast, it's full. Same on Sunday, it's 5 pm Same on Sunday, it's 5 pm Same on Sunday, it's 5 pm And we're going to nail this. EITHER And we're going to nail this. EITHER And we're going to nail this. EITHER Okay, [laughs] Okay, [laughs] Okay, [laughs] But anyway, we ordered gnocchi. But anyway, we ordered gnocchi. But anyway, we ordered gnocchi. with pink sauce and a steak sandwich with pink sauce and a steak sandwich with pink sauce and a steak sandwich with fries and we're going to make half, that is with fries and we're going to make half, that is with fries and we're going to make half, that is Our bread basket is completely overused, but oh well. Our bread basket is completely overused, but oh well. Our bread basket is completely overused, but oh well. You can go directly to the year. You can go directly to the year. You can go directly to the year. Yes. How do we do it? For me, gnocchi Yes. How do we do it? For me, gnocchi Yes. How do we do it? For me, gnocchi Let's eat what's on this plate, let's go Let's eat what's on this plate, let's go Let's eat what's on this plate, let's go chopping. Oh, we don't have cutlery and chopping. Oh, we don't have cutlery and chopping. Oh, we don't have cutlery and It's always the one that gives me the piece It's always the one that gives me the piece It's always the one that gives me the piece smaller because there is a greater chance that smaller because there is a greater chance that smaller because there is a greater chance that you'll be left hungry and I'll... you'll be left hungry and I'll... you'll be left hungry and I'll... I finished it. And because I prefer the I finished it. And because I prefer the I finished it. And because I prefer the gnocchi, so I eat the most gnocchi, so I eat the most gnocchi, so I eat the most He takes a large piece of pasta and eats the large part He takes a large piece of pasta and eats the large part He takes a large piece of pasta and eats the large part larger of the meat. It's always the same larger of the meat. It's always the same larger of the meat. It's always the same when we make, uh, like a milanesa with when we make, uh, like a milanesa with when we make, uh, like a milanesa with Fido, the same. I'm telling you, give me more fid Fido, the same. I'm telling you, give me more fid Fido, the same. I'm telling you, give me more fid And we'll give you more breaded cutlet. It's like And we'll give you more breaded cutlet. It's like And we'll give you more breaded cutlet. It's like the sh yin and the yin. Perfect. the sh yin and the yin. Perfect. the sh yin and the yin. Perfect. Well, part of it blew away. Very tasty, but Very tasty, but Very tasty, but an oil an oil an oil to to to the hands. the hands. the hands. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, with all of them. with all of them. with all of them. I want to try the gnocchi, they have a lot I want to try the gnocchi, they have a lot I want to try the gnocchi, they have a lot pint. I love gnocchi. Long live! I love gnocchi. Long live! I love gnocchi. Long live! Long live the gnocchi! Long live the gnocchi! Long live the gnocchi! We uploaded it that day. We uploaded it that day. We uploaded it that day. Okay. We were looking at something else Okay. We were looking at something else Okay. We were looking at something else we could compete in imitations and we could compete in imitations and we could compete in imitations and as we walked and returned to him as we walked and returned to him as we walked and returned to him I said, "We never used GPS." And I did the I said, "We never used GPS." And I did the I said, "We never used GPS." And I did the First, my first GPS invitation. AND First, my first GPS invitation. AND First, my first GPS invitation. AND The author told me, "No, I can't commit The author told me, "No, I can't commit The author told me, "No, I can't commit against that. She's really good, I don't know what. against that. She's really good, I don't know what. against that. She's really good, I don't know what. So I'm going to record it. For me, So I'm going to record it. For me, So I'm going to record it. For me, He lied, but it would be in 200 minutes towards He lied, but it would be in 200 minutes towards He lied, but it would be in 200 minutes towards Gurruchaga. Gurruchaga. Gurruchaga. Go ahead, Go ahead, Go ahead, Alright. 200. But I didn't start. Don't Alright. 200. But I didn't start. Don't Alright. 200. But I didn't start. Don't You laugh because I'm like that, of course, my imitation You laugh because I'm like that, of course, my imitation You laugh because I'm like that, of course, my imitation It's like you start, I'll start. Ah. It's like you start, I'll start. Ah. It's like you start, I'll start. Ah. But why are they suffering, idiot? But why are they suffering, idiot? But why are they suffering, idiot? You did it that way too, You did it that way too, You did it that way too, No? Furthermore, head there to Curruchaca No? Furthermore, head there to Curruchaca No? Furthermore, head there to Curruchaca in 200 meters. in 200 meters. in 200 meters. It turns out very well, but it's directed one meter. one meter. one meter. That? It's very bad. That? It's very bad. That? It's very bad. Doing. Doing. Doing. No, well, no. Head towards No, well, no. Head towards No, well, no. Head towards 200 meters away. In 200 m I turned towards 200 meters away. In 200 m I turned towards 200 meters away. In 200 m I turned towards Gurruchaga. All good, All good, All good, I heard it. I heard it. I heard it. Dale. Dale. Dale. This, I have I next to me. This, I have I next to me. This, I have I next to me. And you did it, what? [laughs] And you did it, what? [laughs] And you did it, what? [laughs] I thought it had gone unnoticed. I thought it had gone unnoticed. I thought it had gone unnoticed. What did you say? What did you say? What did you say? And I told you. [laughs] And I told you. [laughs] And I told you. [laughs] You did kind of am You did kind of am You did kind of am It's along those lines. It's along those lines. It's along those lines. But you did much better. But you did much better. But you did much better. Tremendous. Tremendous. Tremendous. Ah. [laughs] Ah. [laughs] Ah. [laughs] Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Oh, that one turns out the same. Oh, that one turns out the same. Oh, that one turns out the same. Felix gets the same result. Well, you don't Felix gets the same result. Well, you don't Felix gets the same result. Well, you don't They know that for a best friend They know that for a best friend They know that for a best friend It turns out the same for him. It turns out the same for him. It turns out the same for him. Look at this madness. Look at this madness. Look at this madness. Oh, how crazy. [laughs] With the little purse in her hand. [laughs] With the little purse in her hand. [laughs] With the little purse in her hand. [laughs] Look, with their flowers Look, with their flowers Look, with their flowers yellow. yellow. yellow. He brought me three because I told him to He brought me three because I told him to He brought me three because I told him to He had new vases, which he had. He had new vases, which he had. He had new vases, which he had. empty. So anyway, here I am empty. So anyway, here I am empty. So anyway, here I am filling. These are my new vases filling. These are my new vases filling. These are my new vases which are because of a video of Sofi that they are going to which are because of a video of Sofi that they are going to which are because of a video of Sofi that they are going to see at some point. Unboxing, right? see at some point. Unboxing, right? see at some point. Unboxing, right? Unboxing of Unboxing of Unboxing of of flowers. of flowers. of flowers. We have sunflowers because the other day I We have sunflowers because the other day I We have sunflowers because the other day I He asked if I liked them and I told him that He asked if I liked them and I told him that He asked if I liked them and I told him that I love them. So I love them. So I love them. So I really like sunflowers. Me I really like sunflowers. Me I really like sunflowers. Me They make Shrek wait. They make Shrek wait. They make Shrek wait. They have a bit of Shrek in them. It's true. They have a bit of Shrek in them. It's true. They have a bit of Shrek in them. It's true. Because of the scene that one of them Because of the scene that one of them Because of the scene that one of them They are walking and he tells her about the They are walking and he tells her about the They are walking and he tells her about the Onions is a field of sunflowers. Onions is a field of sunflowers. Onions is a field of sunflowers. Ah. He asks her, "What's it like?" Ah. He asks her, "What's it like?" Ah. He asks her, "What's it like?" We're all like onions, aren't we? We're all like onions, aren't we? We're all like onions, aren't we? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Look how beautiful they are. Spin, spin, spin, Look how beautiful they are. Spin, spin, spin, Look how beautiful they are. Spin, spin, spin, turn, sunflower turn, sunflower turn, sunflower sunflower. Here are yellow flowers. Vase sunflower. Here are yellow flowers. Vase sunflower. Here are yellow flowers. Vase one, vase two. How lovely to have so many one, vase two. How lovely to have so many one, vase two. How lovely to have so many new flowers. new flowers. new flowers. What is it? What is it? What is it? I can't hear anything with this. No, I can't hear anything with this. No, I can't hear anything with this. No, They are the same. In other words, it's the same They are the same. In other words, it's the same They are the same. In other words, it's the same package. I love those roses that package. I love those roses that package. I love those roses that They have it there. They have it there. They have it there. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, pretty. There it is. Cha chan chan. I love pretty. There it is. Cha chan chan. I love pretty. There it is. Cha chan chan. I love Item. Item. Item. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yes, I love them. Thank you so much. Yes, I love them. Thank you so much. Yes, I love them. Thank you so much. Well, and there's no better way to Well, and there's no better way to Well, and there's no better way to To finish on a Sunday, it seems to me. Sunday To finish on a Sunday, it seems to me. Sunday To finish on a Sunday, it seems to me. Sunday feeling unwell, that the day was beautiful, feeling unwell, that the day was beautiful, feeling unwell, that the day was beautiful, We went for a walk, we had fun, he hugged me We went for a walk, we had fun, he hugged me We went for a walk, we had fun, he hugged me I saw a kid in the street, I cried, [laughs] I saw a kid in the street, I cried, [laughs] I saw a kid in the street, I cried, [laughs] I laughed. I laughed. I laughed. And we're going to finish. eating soup And we're going to finish. eating soup And we're going to finish. eating soup Because I need to be calm today. Because I need to be calm today. Because I need to be calm today. In other words, let's not forget that detail. In other words, let's not forget that detail. In other words, let's not forget that detail. I have to finish the day I have to finish the day I have to finish the day Don't worry, that way I'll get the test results tomorrow. Don't worry, that way I'll get the test results tomorrow. Don't worry, that way I'll get the test results tomorrow. relatively well and today was not a day relatively well and today was not a day relatively well and today was not a day emotionally calm. At first emotionally calm. At first emotionally calm. At first No more, but we will finish later. No more, but we will finish later. No more, but we will finish later. Watching Iron Man because we're eager to Watching Iron Man because we're eager to Watching Iron Man because we're eager to Watch the whole Marvel series, what kind of Watch the whole Marvel series, what kind of Watch the whole Marvel series, what kind of Neither of them watched many movies Neither of them watched many movies Neither of them watched many movies And the other day we went to see Spider-Man and And the other day we went to see Spider-Man and And the other day we went to see Spider-Man and [laughs] It kind of excited us and we said, [laughs] It kind of excited us and we said, [laughs] It kind of excited us and we said, "Well, why don't we all get together?" "Well, why don't we all get together?" "Well, why don't we all get together?" So yes, so we put on one So yes, so we put on one So yes, so we put on one list of all the movies we have list of all the movies we have list of all the movies we have to see in chronological order and we're going to to see in chronological order and we're going to to see in chronological order and we're going to Start with Iron Man, which all the Start with Iron Man, which all the Start with Iron Man, which all the Lists say it's the first one there is Lists say it's the first one there is Lists say it's the first one there is What to see. What to see. What to see. Yes, I saw it the same way. Already Yes, I saw it the same way. Already Yes, I saw it the same way. Already I think I saw it, but when I was very young. I think I saw it, but when I was very young. I think I saw it, but when I was very young. No, not me in 2008, because I was 4 years old. No, not me in 2008, because I was 4 years old. No, not me in 2008, because I was 4 years old. Sure, do you want to see my pajamas? This, Sure, do you want to see my pajamas? This, Sure, do you want to see my pajamas? This, let's see. Oh, the little pants with my let's see. Oh, the little pants with my let's see. Oh, the little pants with my little faces and my remela too from little faces and my remela too from little faces and my remela too from Carrefour dinosaur. I'll take that one Carrefour dinosaur. I'll take that one Carrefour dinosaur. I'll take that one I bought it for a video, you know? Well, I bought it for a video, you know? Well, I bought it for a video, you know? Well, Comment. Comment. Comment. And well, we'll end like this. That's how it is And well, we'll end like this. That's how it is And well, we'll end like this. That's how it is a great Sunday ends in bed a great Sunday ends in bed a great Sunday ends in bed using a pillow on my belly that he gave me using a pillow on my belly that he gave me using a pillow on my belly that he gave me the uti eating soup with cheese and watching the uti eating soup with cheese and watching the uti eating soup with cheese and watching Iron Man. Wow, now that's a couple. Iron Man. Wow, now that's a couple. Iron Man. Wow, now that's a couple. But anyway, guys, I hope you liked it But anyway, guys, I hope you liked it But anyway, guys, I hope you liked it I liked it and I hope you like my videos I liked it and I hope you like my videos I liked it and I hope you like my videos weekly. They'll have more if they... weekly. They'll have more if they... weekly. They'll have more if they... like. And well, I want to repeat that same thing. like. And well, I want to repeat that same thing. like. And well, I want to repeat that same thing. which I repeated at the beginning. If it bothers them which I repeated at the beginning. If it bothers them which I repeated at the beginning. If it bothers them That the car is there, and a thousand apologies, it's That the car is there, and a thousand apologies, it's That the car is there, and a thousand apologies, it's part of my life. part of my life. part of my life. Many people tell me, "My audio is on Many people tell me, "My audio is on Many people tell me, "My audio is on all their videos." Guys, do you want to all their videos." Guys, do you want to all their videos." Guys, do you want to Do you vog? My life is with her today and Do you vog? My life is with her today and Do you vog? My life is with her today and Let's hope he continues in the future Let's hope he continues in the future Let's hope he continues in the future doing. doing. doing. So anyway, I hope you liked it So anyway, I hope you liked it So anyway, I hope you liked it liked. I love them. See you at the liked. I love them. See you at the liked. I love them. See you at the next video.