I'm proud of my age, 1997. You're old I'm proud of my age, 1997. You're old I'm proud of my age, 1997. You're old .  He's not old yet, just a .  He's not old yet, just a .  He's not old yet, just a commenter.  You're 28, not commenter.  You're 28, not commenter.  You're 28, not 30, 30, 30, your attitude is really a compliment your attitude is really a compliment your attitude is really a compliment to your feelings.  Guys, welcome to one of the to your feelings.  Guys, welcome to one of the to your feelings.  Guys, welcome to one of the biggest parts of my childhood, biggest parts of my childhood, biggest parts of my childhood, Campo Rizal.  Because our challenge Campo Rizal.  Because our challenge Campo Rizal.  Because our challenge today is still a challenge. today is still a challenge. today is still a challenge. Okay, just an easy basic one. Okay, just an easy basic one. Okay, just an easy basic one. An easy basic.  Easy and basic. An easy basic.  Easy and basic. An easy basic.  Easy and basic. Easy basic check.  That's not it yet Easy basic check.  That's not it yet Easy basic check.  That's not it yet . . . Woohoo. What is that?  Why are you so kind here? What is that?  Why are you so kind here? What is that?  Why are you so kind here? Church. Church. Church. What do What do What do you want us to do here? you want us to do here? you want us to do here? I'll take them to where we eat here at I'll take them to where we eat here at I'll take them to where we eat here at La Plaza.  This is where we La Plaza.  This is where we La Plaza.  This is where we hang out most often.  Here we eat frying hang out most often.  Here we eat frying hang out most often.  Here we eat frying saucer and then mommy.  Taste it, guys. saucer and then mommy.  Taste it, guys. saucer and then mommy.  Taste it, guys. How much is high school?  Shin How much is high school?  Shin How much is high school?  Shin ph5 now 15 now. ph5 now 15 now. ph5 now 15 now. What's the problem? What's the problem? What's the problem? This is how it is.   Let This is how it is.   Let This is how it is.   Let 's eat one of the most 's eat one of the most 's eat one of the most proud things of our state, Quezon.  The proud things of our state, Quezon.  The proud things of our state, Quezon.  The golden jade shopaw.  Delicious, guys.  Look at golden jade shopaw.  Delicious, guys.  Look at golden jade shopaw.  Delicious, guys.  Look at how much meat there is.  You can watch this at how much meat there is.  You can watch this at how much meat there is.  You can watch this at 7:00.  I'll find the shop. You are eating it, not eating it, he said, You are eating it, not eating it, he said, You are eating it, not eating it, he said, why won't you eat it? why won't you eat it? why won't you eat it? You can eat it so we can find out You can eat it so we can find out You can eat it so we can find out why he won't eat it. why he won't eat it. why he won't eat it. You already know that a crab is a You already know that a crab is a You already know that a crab is a crab or a crab's lover. You are a crab crab or a crab's lover. You are a crab Hi, my friends. Hi, my friends. Mitch already knows this.  I don't have an intro yet. Mitch already knows this.  I don't have an intro yet. Mitch already knows this.  I don't have an intro yet. Hey team shas. Just a pinch of pinch. Hi guys, we are the group five.  Hello! Hi guys, we are the group five.  Hello! Hi guys, we are the group five.  Hello! Now guys, we will take you on a tour of Now guys, we will take you on a tour of Now guys, we will take you on a tour of our provinces and in this vlog, our provinces and in this vlog, our provinces and in this vlog, the first place we will go is where I the first place we will go is where I the first place we will go is where I grew up, my province, grew up, my province, grew up, my province, Ationa province city. province city. province city. Oh, the city. Hey, okay, let's get started. Hi guys, I just wanted to update you that Hi guys, I just wanted to update you that Hi guys, I just wanted to update you that we are heading to the first place that we are heading to the first place that we are heading to the first place that teacher always goes to.  This teacher always goes to.  This teacher always goes to.  This should have been taught in elementary should have been taught in elementary should have been taught in elementary school, guys.  Nothing.  Okay.  This was my school, guys.  Nothing.  Okay.  This was my school, guys.  Nothing.  Okay.  This was my elementary school, but since elementary school, but since elementary school, but since my high school is closed, we're moving to a new school. my high school is closed, we're moving to a new school. my high school is closed, we're moving to a new school. Ah, that's why I thought Tarant was closed.   It's Ah, that's why I thought Tarant was closed.   It's Ah, that's why I thought Tarant was closed.   It's just close.  You were just close.  You were just close.  You were just walking around as a child. just walking around as a child. just walking around as a child. walk walk walk why why why why are they running over me because there are many people why are they running over me because there are many people why are they running over me because there are many people crossing crossing crossing yes the yes the yes the fare was only four at that time fare was only four at that time fare was only four at that time let's talk about age ah let's talk about age ah let's talk about age ah why am I proud of my age 1997 why am I proud of my age 1997 why am I proud of my age 1997 ah you are old ah you are old ah you are old he is not old yet sorry he is he is not old yet sorry he is he is not old yet sorry he is only a year old he only a year old he only a year old he doesn't speak 1998 also because doesn't speak 1998 also because doesn't speak 1998 also because he is like 2004 what not he is like 2004 what not he is like 2004 what not comment you are 28 not comment you are 28 not comment you are 28 not your behavior really looks like the youngest your behavior really looks like the youngest your behavior really looks like the youngest pangaby really to be honest. pangaby really to be honest. pangaby really to be honest. Yes.  If you don't float, you're a soup.  If Yes.  If you don't float, you're a soup.  If Yes.  If you don't float, you're a soup.  If you're not a soup, you're a menudo. you're not a soup, you're a menudo. you're not a soup, you're a menudo. That's a dish.  What's that, That's a dish.  What's that, That's a dish.  What's that, guys? Or is that why there are festivals like that? guys? Or is that why there are festivals like that? guys? Or is that why there are festivals like that? Those flags are the test.  Or Those flags are the test.  Or Those flags are the test.  Or let's have the tagultol tagult fishing let's have the tagultol tagult fishing let's have the tagultol tagult fishing festival.  Live differently, the music is not like that.  We guys have our own differently, the music is not like that.  We guys have our own differently, the music is not like that.  We guys have our own song for the Tagult fishing song for the Tagult fishing song for the Tagult fishing festival. I'm not laughing at myself, I'm laughing at I'm not laughing at myself, I'm laughing at I'm not laughing at myself, I'm laughing at myself, I always go through this guys, myself, I always go through this guys, myself, I always go through this guys, we're going to Atimonan Central School we're going to Atimonan Central School we're going to Atimonan Central School or what we call Campo Rizal, this is or what we call Campo Rizal, this is or what we call Campo Rizal, this is elementary school, but because there's a part here that's elementary school, but because there's a part here that's elementary school, but because there's a part here that's high school, this is where I was, guys, I used to high school, this is where I was, guys, I used to high school, this is where I was, guys, I used to run around when I was a majorette, run around when I was a majorette, run around when I was a majorette, so this part is so this part is so this part is elementary, this part is high school, it feels like feels like feels like it's gone, guys, let's go down, what's the it's gone, guys, let's go down, what's the it's gone, guys, let's go down, what's the torch there, torch there, torch there, wow, wow, guys, welcome to one of the wow, guys, welcome to one of the wow, guys, welcome to one of the biggest parts of my hood, Campo biggest parts of my hood, Campo biggest parts of my hood, Campo Rizal. Rizal. Rizal. There's an There's an There's an elementary school, but this elementary school, but this elementary school, but this building is the same size as this high school, but it building is the same size as this high school, but it building is the same size as this high school, but it became my classroom.  The only became my classroom.  The only became my classroom.  The only classroom I've ever had was on site, so it was classroom I've ever had was on site, so it was classroom I've ever had was on site, so it was difficult to climb up there.  So let's difficult to climb up there.  So let's difficult to climb up there.  So let's just leave it here.  The Tagultol Festival takes place here just leave it here.  The Tagultol Festival takes place here just leave it here.  The Tagultol Festival takes place here .  I'm also throwing batons here, .  I'm also throwing batons here, .  I'm also throwing batons here, so I have a baton with me today so I have a baton with me today so I have a baton with me today because our challenge today because our challenge today because our challenge today still has a challenge.  You should try to still has a challenge.  You should try to still has a challenge.  You should try to accept what you are doing with a stick. accept what you are doing with a stick. accept what you are doing with a stick. Because that's what I did when Because that's what I did when Because that's what I did when I was in high school, when I was a kid.  Now I was in high school, when I was a kid.  Now I was in high school, when I was a kid.  Now you will try to do that. you will try to do that. you will try to do that. Yes.  Okay.  Okay.  Just an easy basic Yes.  Okay.  Okay.  Just an easy basic Yes.  Okay.  Okay.  Just an easy basic . . . An easy basic.  An easy An easy basic.  An easy An easy basic.  An easy basic.  Easy and basic.  Easy and basic.  Or just basic.  Easy and basic.  Easy and basic.  Or just basic.  Easy and basic.  Easy and basic.  Or just like this, it's an easy basic check, it's not like that, what are you doing, what are you doing, what are you doing, he got it right in 2 seconds, he got it right in 2 seconds, he got it right in 2 seconds, criminology criminology criminology Wow!  That's so high. Wow!  That's so high. Wow!  That's so high. There's a bit here.  There's a bit more here.  Ah, There's a bit here.  There's a bit more here.  Ah, There's a bit here.  There's a bit more here.  Ah, char, that's char, that's char, that's not a ball.  You won't argue. Okayfly. High butterfly.  There he is, guys.  Before, High butterfly.  There he is, guys.  Before, High butterfly.  There he is, guys.  Before, guys.  Group 5 is said to have died from the reaction of guys.  Group 5 is said to have died from the reaction of guys.  Group 5 is said to have died from the reaction of group 5. One more thing.  One more thing, love.  One more thing. One more thing.  One more thing, love.  One more thing. One more thing.  One more thing, love.  One more thing. Wow! Wow! Wow! Nothing yet. Yoo!  Here is the look. Yoo!  Here is the look. Yoo!  Here is the look. Go, baby.  Show them Go, baby.  Show them Go, baby.  Show them your fierce skills.  Oh, when there's a ball. your fierce skills.  Oh, when there's a ball. your fierce skills.  Oh, when there's a ball. Following the ball is a child.  Next to Following the ball is a child.  Next to Following the ball is a child.  Next to Cherny Boy is a ball.  Isn't it?  No. Me too.  Me too.   I love the difficulty, love the difficulty, love the difficulty, yeah, I said I can't stand the cold anymore and I can't stand the cold anymore and I can't stand the cold anymore and I'm losing my hair like before, guys. I'm losing my hair like before, guys. I'm losing my hair like before, guys. I just learned about it from the I just learned about it from the I just learned about it from the cheat majority I used to follow. cheat majority I used to follow. cheat majority I used to follow. I'm split. I'm split. I'm split. Yes.  But now guys, this is how it is. Yes.  But now guys, this is how it is. Yes.  But now guys, this is how it is. Follow me, idols.  Here we are Follow me, idols.  Here we are Follow me, idols.  Here we are at the grand stands forward.  You're a forum because you're at the grand stands forward.  You're a forum because you're at the grand stands forward.  You're a forum because you're only one line. only one line. only one line. What is that?  Arms forward group five. What is that?  Arms forward group five. What is that?  Arms forward group five. School tour.  Guys, this is our grand School tour.  Guys, this is our grand School tour.  Guys, this is our grand stand. Woohoo! Oh! Oh my gosh.  This is the view of it.  When Oh my gosh.  This is the view of it.  When Oh my gosh.  This is the view of it.  When you're seated here, this is you're seated here, this is you're seated here, this is his view.  It's beautiful, look at the trees his view.  It's beautiful, look at the trees his view.  It's beautiful, look at the trees there.  There are so many things.  It's okay there.  There are so many things.  It's okay there.  There are so many things.  It's okay .  Thank you, Sister Monan Quezon, for .  Thank you, Sister Monan Quezon, for .  Thank you, Sister Monan Quezon, for keeping the color green keeping the color green keeping the color green .  There's a .  There's a .  There's a public game today, guys. public game today, guys. public game today, guys. Tower oh d children oh.  Every child Tower oh d children oh.  Every child Tower oh d children oh.  Every child we have, Chenny doesn't. we have, Chenny doesn't. we have, Chenny doesn't. Okay.  Or next time.  What I want to know is Okay.  Or next time.  What I want to know is Okay.  Or next time.  What I want to know is where you are going when you enter. where you are going when you enter. where you are going when you enter. I didn't cut.  I didn't I didn't cut.  I didn't I didn't cut.  I didn't cut anything but I went home right away. cut anything but I went home right away. cut anything but I went home right away. I wasn't really always involved in I wasn't really always involved in I wasn't really always involved in organizations like that in high school. organizations like that in high school. organizations like that in high school. SSD, what SSD, what SSD, what officer am I? I always ask everyone I officer am I? I always ask everyone I officer am I? I always ask everyone I can join. Will I join?  This is can join. Will I join?  This is can join. Will I join?  This is what that drum is.  Okay for our what that drum is.  Okay for our what that drum is.  Okay for our place.  Let's go to where we often place.  Let's go to where we often place.  Let's go to where we often hang out, near the church.  Let's go. hang out, near the church.  Let's go. hang out, near the church.  Let's go. Let's go.  The one you hang out with at church. Let's go.  The one you hang out with at church. Let's go.  The one you hang out with at church. You're out of church.  The duck that is You're out of church.  The duck that is You're out of church.  The duck that is called. Guys, we're here.  We're at the church Guys, we're here.  We're at the church Guys, we're here.  We're at the church where the teacher hangs out when there's where the teacher hangs out when there's where the teacher hangs out when there's no class.  That's it.  One, two. no class.  That's it.  One, two. no class.  That's it.  One, two. Thank you guys.  Thank you. Thank you guys.  Thank you. Thank you guys.  Thank you. I don't see it.  We're here, guys, at the I don't see it.  We're here, guys, at the I don't see it.  We're here, guys, at the church.  The mass is running. church.  The mass is running. church.  The mass is running. But this is because we are here in the duck, this is where But this is because we are here in the duck, this is where But this is because we are here in the duck, this is where my classmates and I hang out in my classmates and I hang out in my classmates and I hang out in this area.  That's where we this area.  That's where we this area.  That's where we hang out.  It's like we're on a fil trip, hang out.  It's like we're on a fil trip, hang out.  It's like we're on a fil trip, guys, here in Amitonan, Quezon Province. guys, here in Amitonan, Quezon Province. guys, here in Amitonan, Quezon Province. Whenever I have a fight, I'm like Whenever I have a fight, I'm like Whenever I have a fight, I'm like that.  I have a fight.  Tomorrow. that.  I have a fight.  Tomorrow. that.  I have a fight.  Tomorrow. I always go to church in this small part I always go to church in this small part I always go to church in this small part of town.  I used to be a very religious person of town.  I used to be a very religious person of town.  I used to be a very religious person .  I used to work in a choir. What is that?  Why are you so kind here? What is that?  Why are you so kind here? What is that?  Why are you so kind here? Church. Church. Church. What do you want when we're not here? What do you want when we're not here? What do you want when we're not here? That's it.  I don't have much That's it.  I don't have much That's it.  I don't have much else to hang out with.  You're else to hang out with.  You're else to hang out with.  You're really very kind to that child.  Because the really very kind to that child.  Because the really very kind to that child.  Because the billiards are the ones that are billiards are the ones that are billiards are the ones that are tickling, the billiards that you drink are the ones that tickling, the billiards that you drink are the ones that tickling, the billiards that you drink are the ones that we didn't do, you didn't do it, we didn't do, you didn't do it, you go there when you nod, my situation is that you go there when you nod, my situation is that you go there when you nod, my situation is that you don't have that, guys, because when you don't have that, guys, because when you don't have that, guys, because when I was in high school, I was the eldest, so I was in high school, I was the eldest, so I was in high school, I was the eldest, so I used to piss off my parents. I used to piss off my parents. I used to piss off my parents. I must be a student.  I'm one of those people who I must be a student.  I'm one of those people who I must be a student.  I'm one of those people who always has an award, and his mother also said that always has an award, and his mother also said that he was a teacher for Santo Niño.  Either now he was a teacher for Santo Niño.  Either now he was a teacher for Santo Niño.  Either now or it's hard to joke about that.  Go ahead.   Okay, okay, it's or it's hard to joke about that.  Go ahead.   Okay, okay, it's or it's hard to joke about that.  Go ahead.   Okay, okay, it's not a blessing, what kind of food trip are you eating here or taking it out? Let's go grab some what kind of food trip are you eating here or taking it out? Let's go grab some what kind of food trip are you eating here or taking it out? Let's go grab some food, everyone, let's food, everyone, let's food, everyone, let's go.  I'll take them to where go.  I'll take them to where go.  I'll take them to where we eat.  Let's eat.  Yes, we eat.  Let's eat.  Yes, we eat.  Let's eat.  Yes, food trips are like that.  If it's close to the food trips are like that.  If it's close to the food trips are like that.  If it's close to the church, there are restaurants there. church, there are restaurants there. church, there are restaurants there. Guys, our church is beautiful. Yes, right here in Yes, right here in Yes, right here in your church, the your church, the your church, the baby is going to be banged.  That's it, baby is going to be banged.  That's it, baby is going to be banged.  That's it, you're making a video, not the one that causes a collision, okay? you're making a video, not the one that causes a collision, okay? you're making a video, not the one that causes a collision, okay? That's different.  Wait, this is one of That's different.  Wait, this is one of That's different.  Wait, this is one of my favorite high school guys. my favorite high school guys. my favorite high school guys. There you go.  Because there are 35 of us There you go.  Because there are 35 of us There you go.  Because there are 35 of us here at La Plaza.  This is where here at La Plaza.  This is where here at La Plaza.  This is where we hang out most often.  We're eating we hang out most often.  We're eating we hang out most often.  We're eating fried food here and mom is very close.   They say we fried food here and mom is very close.   They say we fried food here and mom is very close.   They say we eat while eat while eat while flying on a flying on a flying on a flying saucer.  It turns out there are only six.  Just flying saucer.  It turns out there are only six.  Just flying saucer.  It turns out there are only six.  Just try it guys. Taste it, guys.  This is the sharp Taste it, guys.  This is the sharp Taste it, guys.  This is the sharp heat. Wow, that's delicious. Wow, that's delicious. Wow, that's delicious. How much is high school? How much is high school? How much is high school? PH5 is now PH5 is now PH5 is now 15, inflation is real.  Let 15, inflation is real.  Let 15, inflation is real.  Let 's eat some isaw because it's one of 's eat some isaw because it's one of 's eat some isaw because it's one of my favorites. I need that sofa badly. I need that sofa badly. I need that sofa badly. One of my favorites. What's the problem?  Just like this . . . I should eat profish.  Hi, is I should eat profish.  Hi, is I should eat profish.  Hi, is there potato fish?  There is hot dog fish. They're delicious. Now we're going to the Now we're going to the Now we're going to the province because we've recovered. province because we've recovered. province because we've recovered. We're heading to the test We're heading to the test We're heading to the test province, let's continue.  We are going to the province, let's continue.  We are going to the province, let's continue.  We are going to the municipality of Atimonan, Quezon in municipality of Atimonan, Quezon in municipality of Atimonan, Quezon in Tagultol.  Fishing festival.  Long live, guys.  Now we are here in the municipality guys.  Now we are here in the municipality guys.  Now we are here in the municipality of Atimonan, Quezon.  If of Atimonan, Quezon.  If of Atimonan, Quezon.  If you notice, there are still designs because you notice, there are still designs because you notice, there are still designs because the Tagult fishing festival has just ended the Tagult fishing festival has just ended the Tagult fishing festival has just ended and we haven't been able to go because and we haven't been able to go because and we haven't been able to go because we have projects.  But that's it, let's eat we have projects.  But that's it, let's eat we have projects.  But that's it, let's eat one of the most proud things of Atim one of the most proud things of Atim one of the most proud things of Atim Monan, Quezon.  The Golden J Shopa, but Monan, Quezon.  The Golden J Shopa, but Monan, Quezon.  The Golden J Shopa, but we already ate yesterday.  Yes, we already ate yesterday.  Yes, we already ate yesterday.  Yes, you liked him, so I liked you liked him, so I liked you liked him, so I liked him because he's golden J Shopaw.  That's it him because he's golden J Shopaw.  That's it him because he's golden J Shopaw.  That's it .  Do you like it?  Who wants? Delicious, guys. Shopaw with cheese.  Delicious, guys. Shopaw with cheese.  Delicious, guys. Shopaw with cheese.  Delicious, guys. Look at the abundance of flesh. Look at the abundance of flesh. Look at the abundance of flesh. Lots of space. Lots of space. Lots of space. Mmm. Look at this, guys. What time can they be watched? What time can they be watched? What time can they be watched? You can watch this at 7:00.  Look for a You can watch this at 7:00.  Look for a You can watch this at 7:00.  Look for a shop.  Mm.  7-Eleven is shop.  Mm.  7-Eleven is shop.  Mm.  7-Eleven is 7-Eleven.  I'm full.  I'm going to play, 7-Eleven.  I'm full.  I'm going to play, 7-Eleven.  I'm full.  I'm going to play, guys.  It's really delicious here, so guys.  It's really delicious here, so guys.  It's really delicious here, so I can't really trust it anymore because I can't really trust it anymore because I can't really trust it anymore because in Vietnam, wherever Vietnam is in Vietnam, wherever Vietnam is in Vietnam, wherever Vietnam is delicious, you should go, you go everywhere, it's delicious, you should go, you go everywhere, it's delicious, you should go, you go everywhere, it's delicious like that in delicious like that in delicious like that in Vietnam. Vietnam. Vietnam. No, sister Mon, sister Mon, I thought she was No, sister Mon, sister Mon, I thought she was No, sister Mon, sister Mon, I thought she was Vietnamese.  Let's go. Vietnamese.  Let's go. Vietnamese.  Let's go. I'm tired for my sister. I'm tired for my sister. I'm tired for my sister. He was still holding the bamboo.  This is Sister He was still holding the bamboo.  This is Sister He was still holding the bamboo.  This is Sister Monang.  This is Sister Monang.  That's why she's Monang.  This is Sister Monang.  That's why she's Monang.  This is Sister Monang.  That's why she's Sister Monan.  Sister Monang.  Do you know my Sister Monan.  Sister Monang.  Do you know my Sister Monan.  Sister Monang.  Do you know my sister first?   They say sister first?   They say sister first?   They say you have nothing to worry about.  I'm sorry you have nothing to worry about.  I'm sorry you have nothing to worry about.  I'm sorry . . . They said they would make a video in the back.  They know They said they would make a video in the back.  They know They said they would make a video in the back.  They know this behind the scenes.   It's nice here.  Look at this, guys.  No guys, we're here at Bay Park now. guys, we're here at Bay Park now. guys, we're here at Bay Park now. In our time, this didn't exist yet.  This isn't In our time, this didn't exist yet.  This isn't In our time, this didn't exist yet.  This isn't this beautiful.  That's just how it is this beautiful.  That's just how it is this beautiful.  That's just how it is .  That's just how it is.  Now of course, we are .  That's just how it is.  Now of course, we are .  That's just how it is.  Now of course, we are evolving and evolving and evolving and upgrading, guys, now all the land you saw is guys, now all the land you saw is guys, now all the land you saw is ours, there is no land, water, that is ours, there is no land, water, that is ours, there is no land, water, that is not ours, boy, they are not ours, boy, they are not ours, boy, they are eating it, they are not eating it, they eating it, they are not eating it, they eating it, they are not eating it, they say, say, say, why won't they eat it? why won't they eat it? why won't they eat it? You can eat it so we can find out You can eat it so we can find out You can eat it so we can find out why they won't eat it, of why they won't eat it, of why they won't eat it, of course, give me an course, give me an course, give me an explanation, as long as it's not explanation, as long as it's not explanation, as long as it's not poison, then poison, then poison, then give me an explanation, as give me an explanation, as give me an explanation, as if the one you just mentioned is your relative, where is the if the one you just mentioned is your relative, where is the kalakukoy?  How do you know if kalakukoy?  How do you know if kalakukoy?  How do you know if a crab is a crab lover or a crab is a crab lover or a crab is a crab lover or a crab lover?   Very specific a crab lover?   Very specific a crab lover?   Very specific . . . My lover's head is pounded again by a crab My lover's head is pounded again by a crab My lover's head is pounded again by a crab so he won't eat it. so he won't eat it. so he won't eat it. Yes, because I'm Yes, because I'm Yes, because I'm in love with you, in love with you, in love with you, Cabbets, Cabbets, Cabbets, and there are many places you can and there are many places you can and there are many places you can hang out. hang out. hang out. Mm.  If you just want to reset it, Mm.  If you just want to reset it, Mm.  If you just want to reset it, that's it.  I hope the camera isn't too late that's it.  I hope the camera isn't too late that's it.  I hope the camera isn't too late .  We will not reset. .  We will not reset. .  We will not reset. I don't have a reset button anymore.  You can I don't have a reset button anymore.  You can I don't have a reset button anymore.  You can even take a screenshot.  What is a screenshot? even take a screenshot.  What is a screenshot? even take a screenshot.  What is a screenshot? Nothing.  I just want to.  What? Nothing.  I just want to.  What? Nothing.  I just want to.  What? There's no entry yet, are you ready to enter?   There's something else There's no entry yet, are you ready to enter?   There's something else There's no entry yet, are you ready to enter?   There's something else .  There's still a little bit .  There's still a little bit .  There's still a little bit left.  What is a screenshot?  Maybe go with left.  What is a screenshot?  Maybe go with left.  What is a screenshot?  Maybe go with this and then that's it.  Don't do it. this and then that's it.  Don't do it. this and then that's it.  Don't do it. We have walked.  Oh, it's so good We have walked.  Oh, it's so good We have walked.  Oh, it's so good that we can't be screenshotted.  The that we can't be screenshotted.  The that we can't be screenshotted.  The air is not good when you arrive in Quezon. air is not good when you arrive in Quezon. air is not good when you arrive in Quezon. What a little trouble you had earlier.  Yes. What a little trouble you had earlier.  Yes. What a little trouble you had earlier.  Yes. He actually treated her He actually treated her He actually treated her like the one who hit the motorcycle. like the one who hit the motorcycle. like the one who hit the motorcycle. But look at Chen's outfit But look at Chen's outfit But look at Chen's outfit .  That's what high .  That's what high .  That's what high school outfits used to be like. school outfits used to be like. school outfits used to be like. Offlw. Offlw. Offlw. No.  This is serious.  My grandfather was like that No.  This is serious.  My grandfather was like that No.  This is serious.  My grandfather was like that when he was a tricycle driver.  There you go. when he was a tricycle driver.  There you go. when he was a tricycle driver.  There you go. Yes.  There you go.  You have a grandfather. Yes.  There you go.  You have a grandfather. Yes.  There you go.  You have a grandfather. Oh, Oh, Oh, but my grandfather's slippers aren't like that but my grandfather's slippers aren't like that but my grandfather's slippers aren't like that . . . He is the one who doesn't get pregnant. He is the one who doesn't get pregnant. He is the one who doesn't get pregnant. Your slippers are really dirty there. Your slippers are really dirty there. Your slippers are really dirty there. There are crabs, baby.  Oh.  There they are, There are crabs, baby.  Oh.  There they are, There are crabs, baby.  Oh.  There they are, the lovers, the the lovers, the the lovers, the cbets, it turns out that the cbets, it turns out that the cbets, it turns out that the teacher's passion was cbets, teacher's passion was cbets, teacher's passion was cbets, when he was in high when he was in high when he was in high school, he loved to ride the rides. school, he loved to ride the rides. school, he loved to ride the rides. Yes.  I like to ride the Ferris wheel Yes.  I like to ride the Ferris wheel Yes.  I like to ride the Ferris wheel at the fair.  Right.  Let's go on a food trip at the fair.  Right.  Let's go on a food trip at the fair.  Right.  Let's go on a food trip today, guys. today, guys. today, guys. We are not Ferris whelks, are we? We are not Ferris whelks, are we? We are not Ferris whelks, are we? You're not afraid of the Ferris wheel.  There's something You're not afraid of the Ferris wheel.  There's something You're not afraid of the Ferris wheel.  There's something scary about the way you react to scary about the way you react to scary about the way you react to his answer.  Mm.  Because the perisel there is not his answer.  Mm.  Because the perisel there is not his answer.  Mm.  Because the perisel there is not like something that can't be adjusted, it's so fast like like something that can't be adjusted, it's so fast like like something that can't be adjusted, it's so fast like that.  Why is that.  Why is that.  Why is their hair like that?  I don't know.  I didn't do their hair like that?  I don't know.  I didn't do their hair like that?  I don't know.  I didn't do that.  I just rode that one at the fair that.  I just rode that one at the fair that.  I just rode that one at the fair .  Oh, what do you think of that .  Oh, what do you think of that .  Oh, what do you think of that boat as a hammock?  That's not Viking, that's boat as a hammock?  That's not Viking, that's boat as a hammock?  That's not Viking, that's Viking, then I didn't cry anymore, Viking, then I didn't cry anymore, Viking, then I didn't cry anymore, I just did nothing for 3 seconds, I was stopped by something I just did nothing for 3 seconds, I was stopped by something I just did nothing for 3 seconds, I was stopped by something because they thought I was being killed because I just because they thought I was being killed because I just because they thought I was being killed because I just did that, now we're going to the did that, now we're going to the did that, now we're going to the challenge of this vlog, that's the challenge of this vlog, that's the challenge of this vlog, that's the fair, there's a challenge we talked about before fair, there's a challenge we talked about before fair, there's a challenge we talked about before recording, he recording, he recording, he said let's go to the fair, said let's go to the fair, said let's go to the fair, let's have some games to win, there should be a first let's have some games to win, there should be a first let's have some games to win, there should be a first jump, let's transition, let's jump, let's transition, let's jump, let's transition, let's jump later, just wait, jump later, just wait, jump later, just wait, miss is saying something, no, don't include me in the group 5, miss is saying something, no, don't include me in the group 5, miss is saying something, no, don't include me in the group 5, I'm already there, what's up, I'm already there, what's up, I'm already there, what's up, W, I'm tired, no one has fallen asleep, W, I'm tired, no one has fallen asleep, W, I'm tired, no one has fallen asleep, no one has not played music yet, no one has not played music yet, no one has not played music yet, then we should bring home a winner then we should bring home a winner then we should bring home a winner from the fair, we're from the fair, we're from the fair, we're all here, you all here, you all here, you like playing fairs, like playing fairs, like playing fairs, why should I play the fair, there's a game why should I play the fair, there's a game why should I play the fair, there's a game in in in Chichinalas, I'll show you the original crops, Chichinalas, I'll show you the original crops, Chichinalas, I'll show you the original crops, I'm playing, I'm playing, I'm playing, you're okay, I'm not you're okay, I'm not you're okay, I'm not too old because too old because too old because I don't really hang out at the fair, but you're not I don't really hang out at the fair, but you're not I don't really hang out at the fair, but you're not kidding, because I don't have money, kidding, because I don't have money, kidding, because I don't have money, I'm the one with the guns, you're the one with the I'm the one with the guns, you're the one with the I'm the one with the guns, you're the one with the money, I didn't want to copy, money, I didn't want to copy, money, I didn't want to copy, I just experienced the fair when I just experienced the fair when I just experienced the fair when I was brought  Even when he goes out, I was brought  Even when he goes out, I was brought  Even when he goes out, I'm not allowed to, I'm not allowed to, I'm not allowed to, so you two can enjoy this, you so you two can enjoy this, you so you two can enjoy this, you teacher, shs, that's all teacher, shs, that's all teacher, shs, that's all the interest he'll learn, the interest he'll learn, the interest he'll learn, even the people, even the people, even the people, I'm not just coloring games, ever I'm not just coloring games, ever I'm not just coloring games, ever since I was a banker, there's no one since I was a banker, there's no one since I was a banker, there's no one there, he's very social, he asked you, there, he's very social, he asked you, there, he's very social, he asked you, hey, did we go to the beach, baby, and you're hey, did we go to the beach, baby, and you're hey, did we go to the beach, baby, and you're not talking about me when I was a kid, there's no not talking about me when I was a kid, there's no not talking about me when I was a kid, there's no one there, I like the one at the one there, I like the one at the one there, I like the one at the beach, golf, me, me, or what, beach, golf, me, me, or what, beach, golf, me, me, or what, pickle, let's pickle, let's pickle, let's just play just play just play together, let's go to Pariah, he did together, let's go to Pariah, he did together, let's go to Pariah, he did n't n't n't say he lost here, he'll win, say he lost here, he'll win, say he lost here, he'll win, the transition was so funny, I thought, the transition was so funny, I thought, the transition was so funny, I thought, suddenly, we'll win like that, then when we get suddenly, we'll win like that, then when we get suddenly, we'll win like that, then when we get there, we'll win, okay, okay, there, we'll win, okay, okay, there, we'll win, okay, okay, this transition is so funny, this transition is so funny, this transition is so funny, let's see if it's let's see if it's let's see if it's effective, who's going to edit this, what's the effective, who's going to edit this, what's the effective, who's going to edit this, what's the deal, is the transition good, deal, is the transition good, deal, is the transition good, transition, okay, no need for anything, no laps, transition, okay, no need for anything, no laps, transition, okay, no need for anything, no laps, no laps, okay.  1 2 3 go. no laps, okay.  1 2 3 go. no laps, okay.  1 2 3 go. Including two.   There are Including two.   There are Including two.   There are only two of them. only two of them. only two of them. They were left behind. They were left behind. They were left behind. Guys, the last time Guys, the last time Guys, the last time I edited that vlog was during Choy's birthday I edited that vlog was during Choy's birthday I edited that vlog was during Choy's birthday .  I am having a very hard time. .  I am having a very hard time. .  I am having a very hard time. That vlog really kept me awake That vlog really kept me awake That vlog really kept me awake today, my editor.  We will make it difficult for today, my editor.  We will make it difficult for today, my editor.  We will make it difficult for him.  We'll leave first, guys. him.  We'll leave first, guys. him.  We'll leave first, guys. 2 3 If you weren't caught on video.  Oh, 2 3 If you weren't caught on video.  Oh, 2 3 If you weren't caught on video.  Oh, here it is.  One more thing.  One more thing.  Here again. here it is.  One more thing.  One more thing.  Here again. here it is.  One more thing.  One more thing.  Here again. What are you doing now, sister?  What are you doing now? What are you doing now, sister?  What are you doing now? What are you doing now, sister?  What are you doing now? You edited this.  You are zero. You edited this.  You are zero. You edited this.  You are zero. No coins.  No coins.  Ma'am, where is No coins.  No coins.  Ma'am, where is No coins.  No coins.  Ma'am, where is the the the Ma'am, I watched the video, where is it? Okay.  One, two, three, go. Okay.  One, two, three, go. Okay.  One, two, three, go. Very funny. There are games here.  You guys don't want those There are games here.  You guys don't want those There are games here.  You guys don't want those with ADHD here because what we're going to do with ADHD here because what we're going to do with ADHD here because what we're going to do is make us fall more and more. How many RCs?  11 guys. This is my angle. This is my angle. This is my angle. Does he like it? Does he like it? Does he like it? No one cares.   My No one cares.   My No one cares.   My sister doesn't have one.  Oh, sister, try it.  Try it sister doesn't have one.  Oh, sister, try it.  Try it sister doesn't have one.  Oh, sister, try it.  Try it . Wow. He has so many bullets.  The videographer is being hit He has so many bullets.  The videographer is being hit He has so many bullets.  The videographer is being hit . . . How many points does he have?  How many is that?  14. How many points does he have?  How many is that?  14. How many points does he have?  How many is that?  14. 14. 14. Me guys.  I can turn around now. 14. 14. Me guys.  I can turn around now. 14. 14. Me guys.  I can turn around now. That gun is different.  That's different.  That might That gun is different.  That's different.  That might That gun is different.  That's different.  That might be different.  Sorry, sorry, be different.  Sorry, sorry, be different.  Sorry, sorry, that one.  You are a teacher.  You are a teacher.   The that one.  You are a teacher.  You are a teacher.   The wolf's skill in handling a gun is terrible.  Why is it called chicherya? wolf's skill in handling a gun is terrible.  Why is it called chicherya? wolf's skill in handling a gun is terrible.  Why is it called chicherya? Ah, so you can have a baby, why are you aborting it? How many of you? How many of you? How many of you? He is 13 years old and has a criminology check in full. criminology check in full. criminology check in full. Just wait.  The course Just wait.  The course Just wait.  The course you took you took you took in the middle is perfect, everything is there, everything is here, in the middle is perfect, everything is there, everything is here, in the middle is perfect, everything is there, everything is here, everything is here, everything is here, don't everything is here, everything is here, don't everything is here, everything is here, don't worry, it's not all falling off, many worry, it's not all falling off, many worry, it's not all falling off, many falling off, it's coming along, falling off, it's coming along, falling off, it's coming along, oh 'ba joy, someone urinated on that, it's two points someone urinated on that, it's two points someone urinated on that, it's two points high, 'ba ate, ah, it's two points, high, 'ba ate, ah, it's two points, high, 'ba ate, ah, it's two points, because it's possible because it's possible because it's possible that high, Animals, I thought that high, Animals, I thought that high, Animals, I thought you were a designer, when did you get it?  12, one has fallen, oh you were a designer, when did you get it?  12, one has fallen, oh you were a designer, when did you get it?  12, one has fallen, oh you raise your hands, hit you raise your hands, hit you raise your hands, hit the one that's flushy, yeah, the one that's flushy, yeah, the one that's flushy, yeah, okay game.   It doesn't go away, doesn't go away, doesn't go away, so back pain is a bullet. is a bullet. is a bullet. Oh, your brother, stop that. stop that. stop that. It's okay, I really don't want to.  Hey, bad, bad.   Oh, It's okay, I really don't want to.  Hey, bad, bad.   Oh, It's okay, I really don't want to.  Hey, bad, bad.   Oh, that's two points, yes, that's two points.   No, no that's two points, yes, that's two points.   No, no Choi, are you ready?  Okay. Choi, are you ready?  Okay. Choi, are you ready?  Okay. I'm I'm I'm not a fan of this, huh?  How are not a fan of this, huh?  How are not a fan of this, huh?  How are you feeling?  That's not basic. you feeling?  That's not basic. you feeling?  That's not basic. We are just so small.  Six six basic We are just so small.  Six six basic We are just so small.  Six six basic kill that's Okay.  Let's go.  First of all, Okay.  Let's go.  First of all, Okay.  Let's go.  First of all, I can't be the first.  That's the first thing I can't be the first.  That's the first thing I can't be the first.  That's the first thing . . . We are behind, guys. We are behind, guys. We are behind, guys. I have it upstairs, look at it, it's I have it upstairs, look at it, it's I have it upstairs, look at it, it's choy choy, I'm behind you, sister, there's the choy choy, I'm behind you, sister, there's the choy choy, I'm behind you, sister, there's the dirtiest one you've ever worn. I do n't like it, I don't like it, I don't like anything. What are you doing? You're too close to me, I You're too close to me, I You're too close to me, I don't want you to be stabbed. don't want you to be stabbed. don't want you to be stabbed. Just close your eyes. Just close your eyes. Just close your eyes. You're with me, you're the one, You're with me, you're the one, You're with me, you're the one, our friends left you here, you're here, you're here, you're here, here, you're here, you're here, you're here, your sister said, how could I leave your sister said, how could I leave your sister said, how could I leave you here, you're so lazy, you're running away, my brother, how could that be me? What's up, let's you here, you're so lazy, you're running away, my brother, how could that be me? What's up, let's eat.  Eat eat eat.  Eat eat Oh, what a Oh, what a Oh, what a shame, the Vikings are closed, guys.   What a shame, the Vikings are closed, guys.   What a shame, the Vikings are closed, guys.   What a pity, father. That's where it ends, guys.  There are many more That's where it ends, guys.  There are many more That's where it ends, guys.  There are many more great activities here in our great activities here in our great activities here in our town.  But because we have limited time, I'm town.  But because we have limited time, I'm town.  But because we have limited time, I'm sorry, that's all we can do right sorry, that's all we can do right sorry, that's all we can do right now.  Next time.  Okay, next time.  So, now.  Next time.  Okay, next time.  So, now.  Next time.  Okay, next time.  So, group five, don't forget to group five, don't forget to group five, don't forget to like, comment, share, and like, comment, share, and like, comment, share, and subscribe subscribe subscribe to group five. Measure. Measure. Measure. So