Hello everyone Namaste and welcome back to my Hello everyone Namaste and welcome back to my Hello everyone Namaste and welcome back to my second channel.  Yes guys this is my second second channel.  Yes guys this is my second second channel.  Yes guys this is my second channel and if you have not subscribed channel and if you have not subscribed channel and if you have not subscribed then why not?  By the Guys, it's Sunday then why not?  By the Guys, it's Sunday then why not?  By the Guys, it's Sunday and it's 2:22 in the afternoon. and it's 2:22 in the afternoon. and it's 2:22 in the afternoon. I think I will edit this vlog today and post it I think I will edit this vlog today and post it I think I will edit this vlog today and post it quickly.  But quickly.  But quickly.  But before that, this back of my Shinchan is so cute. before that, this back of my Shinchan is so cute. before that, this back of my Shinchan is so cute. This is trousers.  Here are the details of the paints. This is trousers.  Here are the details of the paints. This is trousers.  Here are the details of the paints. Wow.  As you can see in the videos of this channel. Wow.  As you can see in the videos of this channel. Wow.  As you can see in the videos of this channel. In this video I am going to In this video I am going to In this video I am going to show you the Yellow Challenge.  As show you the Yellow Challenge.  As show you the Yellow Challenge.  As you know Poor Your Struggles, I had made you know Poor Your Struggles, I had made you know Poor Your Struggles, I had made a Yellow Subah Se Challenge video four years ago a Yellow Subah Se Challenge video four years ago a Yellow Subah Se Challenge video four years ago and I had accidentally deleted it because there was and I had accidentally deleted it because there was and I had accidentally deleted it because there was some copyright issue etc. so some copyright issue etc. so some copyright issue etc. so I thought that later I thought that later I thought that later I will edit it and put it back and I will edit it and put it back and I will edit it and put it back and finally after four years finally after four years finally after four years I found that video on my old computer I found that video on my old computer I found that video on my old computer so I thought why don't so I thought why don't so I thought why don't we watch that video together and react we watch that video together and react we watch that video together and react because Yellow Subah Se Challenge is there so I because Yellow Subah Se Challenge is there so I because Yellow Subah Se Challenge is there so I thought that today we should watch that video while making and eating Maggi. thought that today we should watch that video while making and eating Maggi. thought that today we should watch that video while making and eating Maggi. Anyway guys, you have Anyway guys, you have Anyway guys, you have seen how I am uploading videos quickly these days.  Let's seen how I am uploading videos quickly these days.  Let's make this one into a hat. Magic Masala I am feeling a tingling sensation in my heart Magic Masala I am feeling a tingling sensation in my heart Magic Masala I am feeling a tingling sensation in my heart that I am going to watch that video with you. that I am going to watch that video with you. that I am going to watch that video with you. That too after four years. That too after four years. That too after four years. I might be wrong but maybe the spices should have been I might be wrong but maybe the spices should have been I might be wrong but maybe the spices should have been added later.  But I am making it added later.  But I am making it added later.  But I am making it in the Korean style of Ramen. in the Korean style of Ramen. in the Korean style of Ramen. Sorry guys. Sorry guys. Sorry guys. While Maggie is getting ready, I'm thinking While Maggie is getting ready, I'm thinking While Maggie is getting ready, I'm thinking why don't we wear something yellow why don't we wear something yellow why don't we wear something yellow since we're reacting to the yellow video. since we're reacting to the yellow video. since we're reacting to the yellow video. And I don't know if And I don't know if And I don't know if many of you have seen that video many of you have seen that video many of you have seen that video or not.  Please let me know in the comments or not.  Please let me know in the comments or not.  Please let me know in the comments when we react to the video.  This when we react to the video.  This when we react to the video.  This is a yellow colored kurti but it is quite thick so it will feel is a yellow colored kurti but it is quite thick so it will feel is a yellow colored kurti but it is quite thick so it will feel hot.  So instead of this we have this hot.  So instead of this we have this hot.  So instead of this we have this orange one, it also has a little bit of yellow in it.  So let's orange one, it also has a little bit of yellow in it.  So let's orange one, it also has a little bit of yellow in it.  So let's take this one.  Don't worry.  House to take this one.  Don't worry.  House to take this one.  Don't worry.  House to Blog will definitely come one day.  Okay, cute Blog will definitely come one day.  Okay, cute Blog will definitely come one day.  Okay, cute isn't it?  Oh, I have isn't it?  Oh, I have isn't it?  Oh, I have n't removed its tag yet.  I am so lazy guys. n't removed its tag yet.  I am so lazy guys. n't removed its tag yet.  I am so lazy guys. Open up, friend.  Ok good. Here is my yellow yellow Maggi and right now let's Here is my yellow yellow Maggi and right now let's Here is my yellow yellow Maggi and right now let's watch the yellow yellow challenge together from the morning. watch the yellow yellow challenge together from the morning. watch the yellow yellow challenge together from the morning. Dude, why is your hair so weird here? Dude, why is your hair so weird here? Dude, why is your hair so weird here? And many of you miss the challenge that has been going on since morning. And many of you miss the challenge that has been going on since morning. And many of you miss the challenge that has been going on since morning. So So So from this month I will start the proper morning from this month I will start the proper morning from this month I will start the proper morning challenge series again challenge series again challenge series again on the main channel.  And actually, because of this channel, on the main channel.  And actually, because of this channel, on the main channel.  And actually, because of this channel, my mind has become very my mind has become very my mind has become very light, you know, because whatever I feel like, light, you know, because whatever I feel like, light, you know, because whatever I feel like, I upload it on this channel. I upload it on this channel. I upload it on this channel. So because of that I can focus more on my main channel So because of that I can focus more on my main channel So because of that I can focus more on my main channel [music]. [music]. [music]. Anyway, straight talk nonsense, now he eats Maggi Anyway, straight talk nonsense, now he eats Maggi Anyway, straight talk nonsense, now he eats Maggi and reacts to the video.  O and reacts to the video.  O and reacts to the video.  O soldiers' base Khangu Black Pink.  Oh my soldiers' base Khangu Black Pink.  Oh my soldiers' base Khangu Black Pink.  Oh my God.  Who is this beautiful girl? Hello everyone Namaste and welcome back to my Hello everyone Namaste and welcome back to my Hello everyone Namaste and welcome back to my channel.  I am wearing a mask in this video channel.  I am wearing a mask in this video channel.  I am wearing a mask in this video because there was Covid at that time, because there was Covid at that time, because there was Covid at that time, guys.  There were very few countries guys.  There were very few countries guys.  There were very few countries in the world where there was no lockdown. in the world where there was no lockdown. in the world where there was no lockdown. So Korea was one of them.  But in Korea So Korea was one of them.  But in Korea So Korea was one of them.  But in Korea you had to follow some strict rules. you had to follow some strict rules. you had to follow some strict rules. Like whenever you were outside, Like whenever you were outside, Like whenever you were outside, you had to wear a mask. you had to wear a mask. you had to wear a mask. You could remove the mask only to eat food or drink water. You could remove the mask only to eat food or drink water. You could remove the mask only to eat food or drink water. So today is Wednesday and it's already So today is Wednesday and it's already So today is Wednesday and it's already 4:30 in the afternoon here.  And 4:30 in the afternoon here.  And 4:30 in the afternoon here.  And in today's video, as you can notice, in today's video, as you can notice, in today's video, as you can notice, I'm wearing yellow.  Yellow, yellow and the I'm wearing yellow.  Yellow, yellow and the I'm wearing yellow.  Yellow, yellow and the bus behind is also yellow in colour.  And bus behind is also yellow in colour.  And bus behind is also yellow in colour.  And funny story, I was shooting this vlog with this phone. funny story, I was shooting this vlog with this phone. funny story, I was shooting this vlog with this phone. This is my old This is my old This is my old phone.  Whose color is literally yellow guys. phone.  Whose color is literally yellow guys. phone.  Whose color is literally yellow guys. It broke from here.  So that's why I It broke from here.  So that's why I It broke from here.  So that's why I put cute stickers here.  So put cute stickers here.  So put cute stickers here.  So today we are going to go to the community store to do the today we are going to go to the community store to do the today we are going to go to the community store to do the yellow food challenge.  Anyway guys, the yellow food challenge.  Anyway guys, the yellow food challenge.  Anyway guys, the weather today is very nice weather today is very nice weather today is very nice and my braid is also looking so nice. and my braid is also looking so nice. and my braid is also looking so nice. So pretty pretty flower so pretty pretty So pretty pretty flower so pretty pretty So pretty pretty flower so pretty pretty siddi so pretty pretty tree so siddi so pretty pretty tree so siddi so pretty pretty tree so pretty pretty cycle so pretty pretty pretty pretty cycle so pretty pretty pretty pretty cycle so pretty pretty canal canal canal by the way today my pimple looks a bit extra by the way today my pimple looks a bit extra by the way today my pimple looks a bit extra greasy but never mind greasy but never mind greasy but never mind friend my pimple still looks quite smooth and shiny friend my pimple still looks quite smooth and shiny and in today's video I am not alone, I have and in today's video I am not alone, I have and in today's video I am not alone, I have a very special guest with me who a very special guest with me who a very special guest with me who is my new pimple Kimlesh this time it is is my new pimple Kimlesh this time it is is my new pimple Kimlesh this time it is not Kamlesh but a new pimple has come here not Kamlesh but a new pimple has come here not Kamlesh but a new pimple has come here what should we name it please do what should we name it please do what should we name it please do tell me in the comments so guys today for today's store tell me in the comments so guys today for today's store tell me in the comments so guys today for today's store challenge we are going to downtown challenge we are going to downtown challenge we are going to downtown because I have to do some shopping etc. because I have to do some shopping etc. because I have to do some shopping etc. so I thought that two things will be done simultaneously by going so I thought that two things will be done simultaneously by going so I thought that two things will be done simultaneously by going there.  So we're gonna go there. there.  So we're gonna go there. there.  So we're gonna go there. Here's a vending machine where you Here's a vending machine where you Here's a vending machine where you can buy drinks cheaply.  So this is the can buy drinks cheaply.  So this is the can buy drinks cheaply.  So this is the water bottle.  Here we have some juice and here we have water bottle.  Here we have some juice and here we have water bottle.  Here we have some juice and here we have hot coffee.  So actually it hot coffee.  So actually it hot coffee.  So actually it is quite cheap here.  So guys, while I'm is quite cheap here.  So guys, while I'm is quite cheap here.  So guys, while I'm waiting for my metro, let me show you my waiting for my metro, let me show you my waiting for my metro, let me show you my outfit of the day. outfit of the day. outfit of the day. Black sandals, Yellow bag, Yellow shirt. [Music] Black sandals, Yellow bag, Yellow shirt. [Music] Black sandals, Yellow bag, Yellow shirt. [Music] I think I still have that ring with the smiley emoji I think I still have that ring with the smiley emoji I think I still have that ring with the smiley emoji inside it. Maybe let inside it. Maybe let inside it. Maybe let me check. Here are some of my accessories. These are the soju Here are some of my accessories. These are the soju Here are some of my accessories. These are the soju earrings. These are all my old earrings. These are all my old earrings. These are all my old rings. I think I found that ring. Guys, oh wow, it's here. It's rings. I think I found that ring. Guys, oh wow, it's here. It's rings. I think I found that ring. Guys, oh wow, it's here. It's a little dark now, a little dark now, a little dark now, but I'll polish it. Guys, always keep but I'll polish it. Guys, always keep but I'll polish it. Guys, always keep smiling like this. I never shared this on YouTube, smiling like this. I never shared this on YouTube, smiling like this. I never shared this on YouTube, but at that time, especially, but at that time, especially, but at that time, especially, I used to be very sad. I was I used to be very sad. I was I used to be very sad. I was going through a very sad period in going through a very sad period in going through a very sad period in my life for many my life for many my life for many years. And I bought this ring years. And I bought this ring years. And I bought this ring because I saw it online because I saw it online because I saw it online and there was this smiley emoji there. So and there was this smiley emoji there. So and there was this smiley emoji there. So I thought, I thought, I thought, I'll wear this ring and I'll remind myself to keep I'll wear this ring and I'll remind myself to keep I'll wear this ring and I'll remind myself to keep smiling.   No matter smiling.   No matter smiling.   No matter how many difficulties there are in life, no matter how how many difficulties there are in life, no matter how how many difficulties there are in life, no matter how poor the people around me are, poor the people around me are, poor the people around me are, I should still not forget that I should be I should still not forget that I should be I should still not forget that I should be grateful for whatever is around me. grateful for whatever is around me. grateful for whatever is around me. So, this was the reason So, this was the reason So, this was the reason I bought this smiley ring. I bought this smiley ring. I bought this smiley ring. Don't drink, don't fight, don't click pictures Don't drink, don't fight, don't click pictures Don't drink, don't fight, don't click pictures of girls. of girls. of girls. Here you can check your body temperature. Here you can check your body temperature. Here you can check your body temperature. So let me check my body So let me check my body So let me check my body temperature is 36.4 so cool.  In public places, temperature is 36.4 so cool.  In public places, temperature is 36.4 so cool.  In public places, you used to have these, you know, temperature cameras you used to have these, you know, temperature cameras you used to have these, you know, temperature cameras that would take your temperature so you that would take your temperature so you that would take your temperature so you know if you had a fever or not know if you had a fever or not know if you had a fever or not because of COVID [music], but they also checked if because of COVID [music], but they also checked if because of COVID [music], but they also checked if you were wearing a mask. you were wearing a mask. you were wearing a mask. If you are not wearing a mask, they would If you are not wearing a mask, they would If you are not wearing a mask, they would somehow find you somehow find you somehow find you because you know, to go to the metro, because you know, to go to the metro, because you know, to go to the metro, you have to use a card where you have to use a card where you have to use a card where all your details are there, so they would check you to see all your details are there, so they would check you to see all your details are there, so they would check you to see who is not wearing a mask and they would who is not wearing a mask and they would send you the fine in a letter at home.  [Music] Oh my God, Jawan Ka Den [Music] [Music] It's here, so I just I just I just put in some different music. put in some different music. put in some different music. We're going to have dinner at some [MUSIC]. Many people don't know but Many people don't know but Many people don't know but whenever I go to shoot somewhere, whenever I go to shoot somewhere, whenever I go to shoot somewhere, I either call in advance or ask if I either call in advance or ask if I either call in advance or ask if I can shoot?  I can do blogging. I can shoot?  I can do blogging. I can shoot?  I can do blogging. Or before turning on the camera, Or before turning on the camera, Or before turning on the camera, I ask them, hey, can I shoot here I ask them, hey, can I shoot here I ask them, hey, can I shoot here ?  Okay, there's corn here, but I don't like it. corn here, but I don't like it. corn here, but I don't like it. I'm not gonna eat this guys seeing I'm not gonna eat this guys seeing I'm not gonna eat this guys seeing how much an apple costs.  Here's one how much an apple costs.  Here's one how much an apple costs.  Here's one making it yellow.  So I'm gonna get this.  Here making it yellow.  So I'm gonna get this.  Here making it yellow.  So I'm gonna get this.  Here are the yellow oranges.  So I'm gonna get this as well. are the yellow oranges.  So I'm gonna get this as well. are the yellow oranges.  So I'm gonna get this as well. Ganna get this from. Here's the sausage.  It is not yellow.  There Here's the sausage.  It is not yellow.  There Here's the sausage.  It is not yellow.  There is a little bit of orange but it doesn't matter. is a little bit of orange but it doesn't matter. is a little bit of orange but it doesn't matter. Here are the drinks.  Let me gab.  This one Here are the drinks.  Let me gab.  This one Here are the drinks.  Let me gab.  This one which one is yellow.  So I'm gonna get this one. which one is yellow.  So I'm gonna get this one. which one is yellow.  So I'm gonna get this one. I also need some water.  So I also need some water.  So I also need some water.  So we buy the cheapest water which is we buy the cheapest water which is we buy the cheapest water which is this one 601.  I feel like this one 601.  I feel like this one 601.  I feel like going to a convenience store right now and checking going to a convenience store right now and checking going to a convenience store right now and checking whether all these things whether all these things whether all these things are available at the same price even after four years or have become expensive.  There are available at the same price even after four years or have become expensive.  There are available at the same price even after four years or have become expensive.  There are so many choices in chips. are so many choices in chips. are so many choices in chips. Which one do I buy?  I am getting confused.  I Which one do I buy?  I am getting confused.  I Which one do I buy?  I am getting confused.  I think I'm gonna get this one.  Banana Forest.  So think I'm gonna get this one.  Banana Forest.  So think I'm gonna get this one.  Banana Forest.  So cute.  Here's some ice cream.  So I'm gonna get this one. cute.  Here's some ice cream.  So I'm gonna get this one. This one is yellow.  Ok. This one is yellow.  Ok. This one is yellow.  Ok. I don't know what this one is.  But let's I don't know what this one is.  But let's I don't know what this one is.  But let's buy this one too.  I Got So Much Stuff buy this one too.  I Got So Much Stuff buy this one too.  I Got So Much Stuff Guys.  [Music] Let's start now I should put some water in. So guys, while my ramyeon is ready So guys, while my ramyeon is ready So guys, while my ramyeon is ready , I'm gonna try this sausage.  This one , I'm gonna try this sausage.  This one , I'm gonna try this sausage.  This one is chicken sausage.  So, it is made is chicken sausage.  So, it is made is chicken sausage.  So, it is made from chicken.  How smart I am.  Chicken sauce is from chicken.  How smart I am.  Chicken sauce is from chicken.  How smart I am.  Chicken sauce is made from chicken.  Kuchap whole Kutap made from chicken.  Kuchap whole Kutap made from chicken.  Kuchap whole Kutap It's not yellow.  Oh, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter.  It It's not yellow.  Oh, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter.  It It's not yellow.  Oh, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter.  It works.  It tastes like works.  It tastes like works.  It tastes like nothing.  Let me try these oranges.   The nothing.  Let me try these oranges.   The nothing.  Let me try these oranges.   The owner here is staring at me. owner here is staring at me. owner here is staring at me. Wondering who this Wondering who this Wondering who this weird poor girl is who is vlogging weird poor girl is who is vlogging weird poor girl is who is vlogging and eating food. and eating food. and eating food. Many people don't know this, but Many people don't know this, but Many people don't know this, but I am personally very introverted. I am personally very introverted. I am personally very introverted. But whenever I do vlogging and go to work, But whenever I do vlogging and go to work, But whenever I do vlogging and go to work, I become an extrovert. I become an extrovert. I become an extrovert. So I think at that time I used to be a bit extra So I think at that time I used to be a bit extra So I think at that time I used to be a bit extra introverted. introverted. introverted. So guys, I came out because the So guys, I came out because the So guys, I came out because the owner there was staring at me owner there was staring at me owner there was staring at me and I was feeling very shy while and I was feeling very shy while and I was feeling very shy while eating.  So that's why I came outside because I was eating.  So that's why I came outside because I was eating.  So that's why I came outside because I was feeling self-conscious. feeling self-conscious. feeling self-conscious. Anyway, my ramyeon is ready now. Anyway, my ramyeon is ready now. Anyway, my ramyeon is ready now. So let's open it. Eating out means I think the people behind me Eating out means I think the people behind me Eating out means I think the people behind me just left because they saw me.  Spicy but just left because they saw me.  Spicy but just left because they saw me.  Spicy but it's really good.   If I eat inside the store, the owner stares at me.  If I eat inside the store, the owner stares at me.  If I eat inside the store, the owner stares at me.  If I eat outside, outside, outside, people stare at me. people stare at me. people stare at me. I should die.  Don't I have any feelings I should die.  Don't I have any feelings I should die.  Don't I have any feelings ? ? ? So guys I have almost finished my rest. So guys I have almost finished my rest. So guys I have almost finished my rest. And now it's time to make it. And now it's time to make it. And now it's time to make it. By the way, it's so sad that they have to package one banana By the way, it's so sad that they have to package one banana By the way, it's so sad that they have to package one banana with so much plastic.  It's so much with so much plastic.  It's so much with so much plastic.  It's so much waste.  Let's try our banana.   So waste.  Let's try our banana.   So waste.  Let's try our banana.   So you already know what the taste of banana you already know what the taste of banana you already know what the taste of banana is like.  So this is a banana is like.  So this is a banana is like.  So this is a banana test.  I don't know if you can notice behind, test.  I don't know if you can notice behind, test.  I don't know if you can notice behind, but what is behind is the ladder box.  So but what is behind is the ladder box.  So but what is behind is the ladder box.  So basically behind me is an apartment basically behind me is an apartment basically behind me is an apartment complex and this is their letter box.  So this complex and this is their letter box.  So this complex and this is their letter box.  So this is a very unusual thing because my is a very unusual thing because my is a very unusual thing because my apartment has a letter box apartment has a letter box apartment has a letter box on the first floor.  So only I can access that. on the first floor.  So only I can access that. on the first floor.  So only I can access that. But here it is on the main road.  So anyone But here it is on the main road.  So anyone But here it is on the main road.  So anyone can take the letters.  I don't know how it can take the letters.  I don't know how it can take the letters.  I don't know how it works.  These types of apartments or works.  These types of apartments or works.  These types of apartments or office buildings are rare because office buildings are rare because office buildings are rare because you you you can't leave letters outside like this due to privacy concerns.  And I think people in Fangju can't leave letters outside like this due to privacy concerns.  And I think people in Fangju can't leave letters outside like this due to privacy concerns.  And I think people in Fangju are quite chill but this is very are quite chill but this is very are quite chill but this is very rarely seen in Seoul.  And rarely seen in Seoul.  And rarely seen in Seoul.  And now let's try these banana now let's try these banana now let's try these banana chips next.  Look at the banana it's so cute. chips next.  Look at the banana it's so cute. chips next.  Look at the banana it's so cute. It's playing soccer [laughs] It's playing soccer [laughs] It's playing soccer [laughs] Let's open it. Dole Sholey This is how it looks like Dole Sholey This is how it looks like Dole Sholey This is how it looks like inside.  I don't use my hands because they are inside.  I don't use my hands because they are inside.  I don't use my hands because they are scared.  So I'm gonna use the chapstick. scared.  So I'm gonna use the chapstick. scared.  So I'm gonna use the chapstick. Let's try the first one. Let's try the first one. Let's try the first one. Oh my god it tastes like banana.  I feel Oh my god it tastes like banana.  I feel Oh my god it tastes like banana.  I feel like a meeting a banana.  It smells like a banana. like a meeting a banana.  It smells like a banana. like a meeting a banana.  It smells like a banana. It tastes like a banana. It tastes like a banana. It tastes like a banana. I've been living in Korea for two years now but I've been living in Korea for two years now but I've been living in Korea for two years now but I've never tried these potato chips. I've never tried these potato chips. I've never tried these potato chips. But it's really really great.  Oh But it's really really great.  Oh But it's really really great.  Oh my God.  I think after this vlog, I my God.  I think after this vlog, I my God.  I think after this vlog, I might have eaten those chips two or three more times. might have eaten those chips two or three more times. might have eaten those chips two or three more times. Usually I don't Usually I don't Usually I don't eat many snacks.  Except for eat many snacks.  Except for eat many snacks.  Except for shooting videos.  Other than that, I'm shooting videos.  Other than that, I'm shooting videos.  Other than that, I'm not a snack type of person.  The Only Problem not a snack type of person.  The Only Problem not a snack type of person.  The Only Problem Is That It's So Sweet.  I Feel Like I'm Is That It's So Sweet.  I Feel Like I'm Is That It's So Sweet.  I Feel Like I'm Getting Diabetes Just by Eating It.   I do Getting Diabetes Just by Eating It.   I do Getting Diabetes Just by Eating It.   I do n't know why the music has suddenly n't know why the music has suddenly n't know why the music has suddenly started.  I don't know where this is coming from.  I don't know. started.  I don't know where this is coming from.  I don't know. started.  I don't know where this is coming from.  I don't know. No problem.  Anyway, No problem.  Anyway, No problem.  Anyway, my ice cream completely melted.  I mean, why does this happen only to me? my ice cream completely melted.  I mean, why does this happen only to me? I am crazy myself.  I should have eaten this one first. I am crazy myself.  I should have eaten this one first. I am crazy myself.  I should have eaten this one first. But I didn't think But I didn't think But I didn't think what is this?  Because of these struggles, what is this?  Because of these struggles, what is this?  Because of these struggles, my life becomes a little spicy. my life becomes a little spicy. No problem, let's try.  Mom has No problem, let's try.  Mom has No problem, let's try.  Mom has said that one should never give up said that one should never give up said that one should never give up in life.  So I'm gonna eat this.  So can in life.  So I'm gonna eat this.  So can in life.  So I'm gonna eat this.  So can you see the yellow ice cream here.  This is a you see the yellow ice cream here.  This is a you see the yellow ice cream here.  This is a vanilla and chocolate ice cream.  Anyway guys vanilla and chocolate ice cream.  Anyway guys vanilla and chocolate ice cream.  Anyway guys I finally manage to eat the ice cream.  It was I finally manage to eat the ice cream.  It was I finally manage to eat the ice cream.  It was so messy but it was tasty.  It was yummy. so messy but it was tasty.  It was yummy. so messy but it was tasty.  It was yummy. And look at my hand.  Even children do And look at my hand.  Even children do And look at my hand.  Even children do n't eat food like I do.  So I'm a n't eat food like I do.  So I'm a n't eat food like I do.  So I'm a very orderly person.  No matter how much I very orderly person.  No matter how much I very orderly person.  No matter how much I try, Poonam, you know try, Poonam, you know try, Poonam, you know you have to live gracefully like this, you have to do it like this, I am you have to live gracefully like this, you have to do it like this, I am you have to live gracefully like this, you have to do it like this, I am not able to do it.  But now I have become so used to it that not able to do it.  But now I have become so used to it that not able to do it.  But now I have become so used to it that I just say it while walking and go away. I just say it while walking and go away. I just say it while walking and go away. I Just Realized I Still Have This I Just Realized I Still Have This I Just Realized I Still Have This Tee.  So let us try this also now. Tee.  So let us try this also now. Tee.  So let us try this also now. That's so cute.  This is orange tea. That's so cute.  This is orange tea. That's so cute.  This is orange tea. It is written on it that it is good for your skin It is written on it that it is good for your skin It is written on it that it is good for your skin and it contains a lot of and it contains a lot of and it contains a lot of Vitamin C.  Anyway guys today's Vitamin C.  Anyway guys today's Vitamin C.  Anyway guys today's video was a total failure because I video was a total failure because I video was a total failure because I tried my best to make a proper video tried my best to make a proper video tried my best to make a proper video but what can I do, the whole universe tries to but what can I do, the whole universe tries to but what can I do, the whole universe tries to spoil my video. spoil my video. spoil my video. So I am really really sorry it's a very So I am really really sorry it's a very So I am really really sorry it's a very messy video but I still hope you enjoyed messy video but I still hope you enjoyed messy video but I still hope you enjoyed it.  And actually none of my work went well today it.  And actually none of my work went well today it.  And actually none of my work went well today because I came downtown because I came downtown because I came downtown because I wanted to buy some sweaters and because I wanted to buy some sweaters and because I wanted to buy some sweaters and some makeup.  But the some makeup.  But the some makeup.  But the store I went to was completely sold out store I went to was completely sold out store I went to was completely sold out and the sweater was and the sweater was and the sweater was not of my size.  So it's a fail today is a not of my size.  So it's a fail today is a not of my size.  So it's a fail today is a total fail.  By the way how cute is my total fail.  By the way how cute is my total fail.  By the way how cute is my little yellow bag.  And inside it is One More little yellow bag.  And inside it is One More little yellow bag.  And inside it is One More Little Bag.  And inside it is my lipid. Little Bag.  And inside it is my lipid. Little Bag.  And inside it is my lipid. I will eat these potato chips at home while I will eat these potato chips at home while I will eat these potato chips at home while watching TV or some comedy drama. watching TV or some comedy drama. watching TV or some comedy drama. I remember it from the drama. I remember it from the drama. I remember it from the drama. I asked you yesterday on Instagram. I asked you yesterday on Instagram. I asked you yesterday on Instagram. If you don't follow me on Instagram please If you don't follow me on Instagram please If you don't follow me on Instagram please suggest some care drama.  And suggest some care drama.  And suggest some care drama.  And many of you suggested Teach You a Lesson.  You have given such a many of you suggested Teach You a Lesson.  You have given such a many of you suggested Teach You a Lesson.  You have given such a good suggestion good suggestion good suggestion that I actually went to sleep at 3:00 last night. that I actually went to sleep at 3:00 last night. that I actually went to sleep at 3:00 last night. 3:00 in the morning.  It felt like I would just watch it. 3:00 in the morning.  It felt like I would just watch it. Anyway guys thank you so much for watching this Anyway guys thank you so much for watching this Anyway guys thank you so much for watching this video and now I am going to go back home and video and now I am going to go back home and video and now I am going to go back home and play with Mang and watch some drama. play with Mang and watch some drama. play with Mang and watch some drama. I Miss Mong-Mong By The Way is scheduled to meet Mangong next I Miss Mong-Mong By The Way is scheduled to meet Mangong next I Miss Mong-Mong By The Way is scheduled to meet Mangong next month.  I am so happy.  So month.  I am so happy.  So month.  I am so happy.  So thank you so much and I love you.  Be happy be thank you so much and I love you.  Be happy be thank you so much and I love you.  Be happy be safe.  Bye.  So this was my Sus Yellow Challenge, at that safe.  Bye.  So this was my Sus Yellow Challenge, at that safe.  Bye.  So this was my Sus Yellow Challenge, at that time my tradition, Poo, struggle, hag, good good, all these time my tradition, Poo, struggle, hag, good good, all these time my tradition, Poo, struggle, hag, good good, all these things did not used to happen, so things did not used to happen, so things did not used to happen, so this was the beginning of my journey of You Know Service, so I hope this was the beginning of my journey of You Know Service, so I hope this was the beginning of my journey of You Know Service, so I hope you too must have enjoyed you too must have enjoyed watching the entire Didi of four years ago with me and I hope your Sunday is going well, watching the entire Didi of four years ago with me and I hope your Sunday is going well, watching the entire Didi of four years ago with me and I hope your Sunday is going well, your life is going well, your life is going well, your life is going well, if you are sad then please remember this ring, no matter how if you are sad then please remember this ring, no matter how if you are sad then please remember this ring, no matter how difficult it is, no matter how difficult it is, no matter how difficult it is, no matter how sad you are, focus and discuss about those small things which make you sad you are, focus and discuss about those small things which make you sad you are, focus and discuss about those small things which make you happy, happy, happy, think about them and while think about them and while think about them and while thinking about them, never give up.  Thank thinking about them, never give up.  Thank thinking about them, never give up.  Thank you so much for watching guys and I love you.   Bye. you so much for watching guys and I love you.   Bye. you so much for watching guys and I love you.   Bye. Now let me quickly edit this video Now let me quickly edit this video Now let me quickly edit this video so that you can watch it within today. so that you can watch it within today. so that you can watch it within today. Chicken sauce. Friend, this F also would not have fallen in love with me.