Hello everyone Namaste and welcome back to my
second channel. Yes guys this is my second
channel and if you have not subscribed
then why not? By the Guys, it's Sunday
and it's 2:22 in the afternoon.
I think I will edit this vlog today and post it
quickly. But
before that, this back of my Shinchan is so cute.
This is trousers. Here are the details of the paints.
Wow. As you can see in the videos of this channel.
In this video I am going to
show you the Yellow Challenge. As
you know Poor Your Struggles, I had made
a Yellow Subah Se Challenge video four years ago
and I had accidentally deleted it because there was
some copyright issue etc. so
I thought that later
I will edit it and put it back and
finally after four years
I found that video on my old computer
so I thought why don't
we watch that video together and react
because Yellow Subah Se Challenge is there so I
thought that today we should watch that video while making and eating Maggi.
Anyway guys, you have
seen how I am uploading videos quickly these days. Let's
make this one into a hat.
Magic Masala I am feeling a tingling sensation in my heart
that I am going to watch that video with you.
That too after four years.
I might be wrong but maybe the spices should have been
added later. But I am making it
in the Korean style of Ramen.
Sorry guys.
While Maggie is getting ready, I'm thinking
why don't we wear something yellow
since we're reacting to the yellow video.
And I don't know if
many of you have seen that video
or not. Please let me know in the comments
when we react to the video. This
is a yellow colored kurti but it is quite thick so it will feel
hot. So instead of this we have this
orange one, it also has a little bit of yellow in it. So let's
take this one. Don't worry. House to
Blog will definitely come one day. Okay, cute
isn't it? Oh, I have
n't removed its tag yet. I am so lazy guys.
Open up, friend. Ok good.
Here is my yellow yellow Maggi and right now let's
watch the yellow yellow challenge together from the morning.
Dude, why is your hair so weird here?
And many of you miss the challenge that has been going on since morning.
So
from this month I will start the proper morning
challenge series again
on the main channel. And actually, because of this channel,
my mind has become very
light, you know, because whatever I feel like,
I upload it on this channel.
So because of that I can focus more on my main channel
[music].
Anyway, straight talk nonsense, now he eats Maggi
and reacts to the video. O
soldiers' base Khangu Black Pink. Oh my
God. Who is this beautiful girl?
Hello everyone Namaste and welcome back to my
channel. I am wearing a mask in this video
because there was Covid at that time,
guys. There were very few countries
in the world where there was no lockdown.
So Korea was one of them. But in Korea
you had to follow some strict rules.
Like whenever you were outside,
you had to wear a mask.
You could remove the mask only to eat food or drink water.
So today is Wednesday and it's already
4:30 in the afternoon here. And
in today's video, as you can notice,
I'm wearing yellow. Yellow, yellow and the
bus behind is also yellow in colour. And
funny story, I was shooting this vlog with this phone.
This is my old
phone. Whose color is literally yellow guys.
It broke from here. So that's why I
put cute stickers here. So
today we are going to go to the community store to do the
yellow food challenge. Anyway guys, the
weather today is very nice
and my braid is also looking so nice.
So pretty pretty flower so pretty pretty
siddi so pretty pretty tree so
pretty pretty cycle so pretty pretty
canal
by the way today my pimple looks a bit extra
greasy but never mind
friend my pimple still looks quite smooth and shiny
and in today's video I am not alone, I have
a very special guest with me who
is my new pimple Kimlesh this time it is
not Kamlesh but a new pimple has come here
what should we name it please do
tell me in the comments so guys today for today's store
challenge we are going to downtown
because I have to do some shopping etc.
so I thought that two things will be done simultaneously by going
there. So we're gonna go there.
Here's a vending machine where you
can buy drinks cheaply. So this is the
water bottle. Here we have some juice and here we have
hot coffee. So actually it
is quite cheap here. So guys, while I'm
waiting for my metro, let me show you my
outfit of the day.
Black sandals, Yellow bag, Yellow shirt. [Music]
I think I still have that ring with the smiley emoji
inside it. Maybe let
me check.
Here are some of my accessories. These are the soju
earrings. These are all my old
rings. I think I found that ring. Guys, oh wow, it's here. It's
a little dark now,
but I'll polish it. Guys, always keep
smiling like this. I never shared this on YouTube,
but at that time, especially,
I used to be very sad. I was
going through a very sad period in
my life for many
years. And I bought this ring
because I saw it online
and there was this smiley emoji there. So
I thought,
I'll wear this ring and I'll remind myself to keep
smiling. No matter
how many difficulties there are in life, no matter how
poor the people around me are,
I should still not forget that I should be
grateful for whatever is around me.
So, this was the reason
I bought this smiley ring.
Don't drink, don't fight, don't click pictures
of girls.
Here you can check your body temperature.
So let me check my body
temperature is 36.4 so cool. In public places,
you used to have these, you know, temperature cameras
that would take your temperature so you
know if you had a fever or not
because of COVID [music], but they also checked if
you were wearing a mask.
If you are not wearing a mask, they would
somehow find you
because you know, to go to the metro,
you have to use a card where
all your details are there, so they would check you to see
who is not wearing a mask and they would
send you the fine in a letter at home. [Music]
Oh my God, Jawan Ka Den [Music]
[Music] It's here, so
I just
put in some different music.
We're going to have dinner at some [MUSIC].
Many people don't know but
whenever I go to shoot somewhere,
I either call in advance or ask if
I can shoot? I can do blogging.
Or before turning on the camera,
I ask them, hey, can I shoot here
? Okay, there's
corn here, but I don't like it.
I'm not gonna eat this guys seeing
how much an apple costs. Here's one
making it yellow. So I'm gonna get this. Here
are the yellow oranges. So I'm gonna get this as well.
Ganna get this from.
Here's the sausage. It is not yellow. There
is a little bit of orange but it doesn't matter.
Here are the drinks. Let me gab. This one
which one is yellow. So I'm gonna get this one.
I also need some water. So
we buy the cheapest water which is
this one 601. I feel like
going to a convenience store right now and checking
whether all these things
are available at the same price even after four years or have become expensive. There
are so many choices in chips.
Which one do I buy? I am getting confused. I
think I'm gonna get this one. Banana Forest. So
cute. Here's some ice cream. So I'm gonna get this one.
This one is yellow. Ok.
I don't know what this one is. But let's
buy this one too. I Got So Much Stuff
Guys. [Music]
Let's start now I should put
some water in.
So guys, while my ramyeon is ready
, I'm gonna try this sausage. This one
is chicken sausage. So, it is made
from chicken. How smart I am. Chicken sauce is
made from chicken. Kuchap whole Kutap
It's not yellow. Oh, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. It
works. It tastes like
nothing. Let me try these oranges. The
owner here is staring at me.
Wondering who this
weird poor girl is who is vlogging
and eating food.
Many people don't know this, but
I am personally very introverted.
But whenever I do vlogging and go to work,
I become an extrovert.
So I think at that time I used to be a bit extra
introverted.
So guys, I came out because the
owner there was staring at me
and I was feeling very shy while
eating. So that's why I came outside because I was
feeling self-conscious.
Anyway, my ramyeon is ready now.
So let's open it.
Eating out means I think the people behind me
just left because they saw me. Spicy but
it's really good. If I eat
inside the store, the owner stares at me. If I eat
outside,
people stare at me.
I should die. Don't I have any feelings
?
So guys I have almost finished my rest.
And now it's time to make it.
By the way, it's so sad that they have to package one banana
with so much plastic. It's so much
waste. Let's try our banana. So
you already know what the taste of banana
is like. So this is a banana
test. I don't know if you can notice behind,
but what is behind is the ladder box. So
basically behind me is an apartment
complex and this is their letter box. So this
is a very unusual thing because my
apartment has a letter box
on the first floor. So only I can access that.
But here it is on the main road. So anyone
can take the letters. I don't know how it
works. These types of apartments or
office buildings are rare because
you
can't leave letters outside like this due to privacy concerns. And I think people in Fangju
are quite chill but this is very
rarely seen in Seoul. And
now let's try these banana
chips next. Look at the banana it's so cute.
It's playing soccer [laughs]
Let's open it.
Dole Sholey This is how it looks like
inside. I don't use my hands because they are
scared. So I'm gonna use the chapstick.
Let's try the first one.
Oh my god it tastes like banana. I feel
like a meeting a banana. It smells like a banana.
It tastes like a banana.
I've been living in Korea for two years now but
I've never tried these potato chips.
But it's really really great. Oh
my God. I think after this vlog, I
might have eaten those chips two or three more times.
Usually I don't
eat many snacks. Except for
shooting videos. Other than that, I'm
not a snack type of person. The Only Problem
Is That It's So Sweet. I Feel Like I'm
Getting Diabetes Just by Eating It. I do
n't know why the music has suddenly
started. I don't know where this is coming from. I don't know.
No problem. Anyway,
my ice cream completely melted. I mean, why does this happen only to me?
I am crazy myself. I should have eaten this one first.
But I didn't think
what is this? Because of these struggles,
my life becomes a little spicy.
No problem, let's try. Mom has
said that one should never give up
in life. So I'm gonna eat this. So can
you see the yellow ice cream here. This is a
vanilla and chocolate ice cream. Anyway guys
I finally manage to eat the ice cream. It was
so messy but it was tasty. It was yummy.
And look at my hand. Even children do
n't eat food like I do. So I'm a
very orderly person. No matter how much I
try, Poonam, you know
you have to live gracefully like this, you have to do it like this, I am
not able to do it. But now I have become so used to it that
I just say it while walking and go away.
I Just Realized I Still Have This
Tee. So let us try this also now.
That's so cute. This is orange tea.
It is written on it that it is good for your skin
and it contains a lot of
Vitamin C. Anyway guys today's
video was a total failure because I
tried my best to make a proper video
but what can I do, the whole universe tries to
spoil my video.
So I am really really sorry it's a very
messy video but I still hope you enjoyed
it. And actually none of my work went well today
because I came downtown
because I wanted to buy some sweaters and
some makeup. But the
store I went to was completely sold out
and the sweater was
not of my size. So it's a fail today is a
total fail. By the way how cute is my
little yellow bag. And inside it is One More
Little Bag. And inside it is my lipid.
I will eat these potato chips at home while
watching TV or some comedy drama.
I remember it from the drama.
I asked you yesterday on Instagram.
If you don't follow me on Instagram please
suggest some care drama. And
many of you suggested Teach You a Lesson. You have given such a
good suggestion
that I actually went to sleep at 3:00 last night.
3:00 in the morning. It felt like I would just watch it.
Anyway guys thank you so much for watching this
video and now I am going to go back home and
play with Mang and watch some drama.
I Miss Mong-Mong By The Way is scheduled to meet Mangong next
month. I am so happy. So
thank you so much and I love you. Be happy be
safe. Bye. So this was my Sus Yellow Challenge, at that
time my tradition, Poo, struggle, hag, good good, all these
things did not used to happen, so
this was the beginning of my journey of You Know Service, so I hope
you too must have enjoyed
watching the entire Didi of four years ago with me and I hope your Sunday is going well,
your life is going well,
if you are sad then please remember this ring, no matter how
difficult it is, no matter how
sad you are, focus and discuss about those small things which make you
happy,
think about them and while
thinking about them, never give up. Thank
you so much for watching guys and I love you. Bye.
Now let me quickly edit this video
so that you can watch it within today.
Chicken sauce.
Friend, this F also would not have fallen in love with me.
