Once a boy and a girl met at tuition.   At Once a boy and a girl met at tuition.   At Once a boy and a girl met at tuition.   At first, they were complete strangers.  Then we became first, they were complete strangers.  Then we became first, they were complete strangers.  Then we became friends, then best friends. friends, then best friends. friends, then best friends. Initially we used to meet only in tuition classes. Initially we used to meet only in tuition classes. Initially we used to meet only in tuition classes. Then after tuition, we started going out for a walk. Then after tuition, we started going out for a walk. Then after tuition, we started going out for a walk. Friendship was slowly turning into love Friendship was slowly turning into love Friendship was slowly turning into love and classes were sometimes even bunked.  The and classes were sometimes even bunked.  The and classes were sometimes even bunked.  The families of both of them did not families of both of them did not families of both of them did not know anything and they both were dreaming of their future together.  The know anything and they both were dreaming of their future together.  The know anything and they both were dreaming of their future together.  The boy was boy was boy was very fond of travelling.  Now that she had become a girlfriend from a friend, the very fond of travelling.  Now that she had become a girlfriend from a friend, the very fond of travelling.  Now that she had become a girlfriend from a friend, the boy asked her if she would like to boy asked her if she would like to boy asked her if she would like to visit Shimla.  Now the girl was visit Shimla.  Now the girl was visit Shimla.  Now the girl was very keen to go out for a walk.  But when she did not even study in the Quiet school, very keen to go out for a walk.  But when she did not even study in the Quiet school, very keen to go out for a walk.  But when she did not even study in the Quiet school, what would she tell her family what would she tell her family what would she tell her family ?  I want to go to Shimla with my boyfriend.  There was an ?  I want to go to Shimla with my boyfriend.  There was an ?  I want to go to Shimla with my boyfriend.  There was an argument between the two.  The boy argument between the two.  The boy argument between the two.  The boy put forward his point, the girl put forward her point. put forward his point, the girl put forward her point. put forward his point, the girl put forward her point. Both of their points were valid, but they could Both of their points were valid, but they could Both of their points were valid, but they could not go to Shimla together.  It took not go to Shimla together.  It took not go to Shimla together.  It took him from 2016 to 2026 just to see this board. him from 2016 to 2026 just to see this board. him from 2016 to 2026 just to see this board. Apart from God, both of them did Apart from God, both of them did Apart from God, both of them did not trust anyone in the whole world. not trust anyone in the whole world. not trust anyone in the whole world. Because when even his own people had rejected him, it was Because when even his own people had rejected him, it was Because when even his own people had rejected him, it was God who gave God who gave God who gave him everything - opportunity to earn money, car, house him everything - opportunity to earn money, car, house him everything - opportunity to earn money, car, house and today he has come driving the car he earned himself.  The and today he has come driving the car he earned himself.  The gates of Himachal are standing in front to welcome them.  The gates of Himachal are standing in front to welcome them.  The gates of Himachal are standing in front to welcome them.  The last 10 years last 10 years last 10 years came to mind like a flashback.  This is the life the girl came to mind like a flashback.  This is the life the girl came to mind like a flashback.  This is the life the girl always wanted.  Why do only boys have to always wanted.  Why do only boys have to always wanted.  Why do only boys have to take all the responsibilities?  I drive take all the responsibilities?  I drive take all the responsibilities?  I drive , my partner sleeps comfortably, and when he , my partner sleeps comfortably, and when he , my partner sleeps comfortably, and when he drives, I sleep comfortably.  Well, drives, I sleep comfortably.  Well, drives, I sleep comfortably.  Well, life was not so easy life was not so easy life was not so easy for both of them.  There were many ups and downs, fights for both of them.  There were many ups and downs, fights for both of them.  There were many ups and downs, fights , anger but neither did he , anger but neither did he , anger but neither did he listen to those four people in the world nor to listen to those four people in the world nor to listen to those four people in the world nor to his family members and in 2023 they both became one. his family members and in 2023 they both became one. his family members and in 2023 they both became one. I have talked so much to I have talked so much to I have talked so much to you all today.  My throat went dry.   I you all today.  My throat went dry.   I you all today.  My throat went dry.   I drink sugarcane juice.  So you guys drink sugarcane juice.  So you guys drink sugarcane juice.  So you guys think and tell me in the comments whether you think and tell me in the comments whether you think and tell me in the comments whether you know that boy and girl.