[Music] I'm [Music] I'm [Music] I'm so bored today that my so bored today that my so bored today that my boredom knows no bounds. boredom knows no bounds. boredom knows no bounds. I've crossed all the boundaries of boredom. I've crossed all the boundaries of boredom. I've crossed all the boundaries of boredom. And this impossible disaster, my sister, is And this impossible disaster, my sister, is And this impossible disaster, my sister, is studying. Even slaps have turned into flowers studying. Even slaps have turned into flowers studying. Even slaps have turned into flowers today. But you can say anything, but I won't let you today. But you can say anything, but I won't let you today. But you can say anything, but I won't let you eat or drink. Then I take a magical hug and move away. eat or drink. Then I take a magical hug and move away. eat or drink. Then I take a magical hug and move away. He's a very rude buffalo. He's a very rude buffalo. He's a very rude buffalo. And then I'm eating spinach with great ease. And then I'm eating spinach with great ease. And then I'm eating spinach with great ease. Then a smart and nice guy comes along. "Yes, I Then a smart and nice guy comes along. "Yes, I Then a smart and nice guy comes along. "Yes, I know how to come, it's a little casual, know how to come, it's a little casual, know how to come, it's a little casual, brother, I'm very hungry. My stomach is saying, ' brother, I'm very hungry. My stomach is saying, ' brother, I'm very hungry. My stomach is saying, ' Gud, good brother, I want to build my body, give me juice.' Gud, good brother, I want to build my body, give me juice.' Ignoring their demands, we end up destroying our health. Ignoring their demands, we end up destroying our health. Ignoring their demands, we end up destroying our health. After that, I look on TikTok and After that, I look on TikTok and After that, I look on TikTok and bring it home. Hello, sorry, Payal, and bring it home. Hello, sorry, Payal, and bring it home. Hello, sorry, Payal, and I ask the icy bear for a I ask the icy bear for a I ask the icy bear for a cup of tea, but my request is rejected. cup of tea, but my request is rejected. cup of tea, but my request is rejected. Actually, it's something like this: I ca Actually, it's something like this: I ca Actually, it's something like this: I ca n't make tea. Good boy, he n't make tea. Good boy, he n't make tea. Good boy, he makes very good tea. Thank you so much. The makes very good tea. Thank you so much. The makes very good tea. Thank you so much. The tea is really good."  I tea is really good."  I tea is really good."  I see a very strange incident happening here and when I see a very strange incident happening here and when I see a very strange incident happening here and when I protest against it, I myself get caught protest against it, I myself get caught protest against it, I myself get caught in that incident. What is this goon doing? I will in that incident. What is this goon doing? I will in that incident. What is this goon doing? I will leave the bird in the house and come back. After leave the bird in the house and come back. After leave the bird in the house and come back. After reaching home, I narrate the entire incident to my sister. reaching home, I narrate the entire incident to my sister.