We travelled about 60-70 km on Bor Road. I came here to have
tea and
my car was here. Now let's eat bread.
Good morning friends.
Welcome all of you once again to our new blog
and it is already 11 in the morning and I have
started my blog from this time. When we came at night,
we slept here and since
we were not hungry at night, we did not eat or drink anything.
So right now I have
eaten whatever food is there here. Now whatever it is, we will start our journey.
So let's continue from here. I had already finished
my food
and my car was
in the parking lot behind. Then while leaving,
we came here and saw the brothers eating and
we also felt hungry. So let us
eat the food first. After that we will
start our journey from here.
Come on, now the food is tension free. You will
not have to stop anywhere for food.
Now we will continue our journey slowly and slowly. Let's
go out a little to the hotel, which is a pit. Isn't it
? It is a kutcha hotel. Friends,
today there is a lot of sunshine and heat in Telangana. You
can see that the weather above
seems cloudy but it is sunny all the time. I don't know why
our phones do
n't show sunlight. Isn't it? This is what is there in this f. If there is
sunshine, it makes the weather so nice. It's
fun to see it in F. So
let's go easy and easy. Rest of the
work is ready and 28 km from here. There is still time left and
Hyderabad will hardly reach even 150.
Below 150 is down. So let's go
straight to Hyderabad and
stop the car somewhere. It's
almost 3:00 in the evening and we've reached
Mitchell. Isn't it? Midchal is the name of the place. And if you
go a little further here, you will
find our Hyderabad Ring Road. And right now there was a
little jam at the back because the
work of the flyover etc. is
going on here. Let's go a little further now,
after that we will find the ring road.
Now we will take the Hyderabad Ring Road. This one
above is the outer ring road.
Now we are ready to climb the Outer Ring Road.
Before entering the Outer Ring Road, you are
welcomed with toll tax. So we will get the toll
tax deducted here now.
HumHum
Friends, please look at the width of this ring road.
How much is too much? That means there is as much on
this side as there is on that side. 1
2 3 4 5 Let's go right now, fourth in line.
Oh, still there is so much line and
still the train is moving very fast here.
Now we are going to leave the ring road. Now
take the Bengal Road to Kurnool and
see the tall buildings here. Isn't it? And it
looks so beautiful too.
And let's face it, right now it feels like we're
driving abroad. This entire feel is
giving a foreign scene. Like Chinavana
and also Agram Bagram, which is a
similar scene in other countries. You see, so many
tall buildings, so
wide roads, so much greenery on the side, it
feels very good to see all this. And the rest is
10-12 km from here. We will leave this road further ahead.
From here to Bengaluru, I mean, the
kilometers are not visible brother.
Where is it? Kilometers not shown.
Let's see if the boat is ready, yes, you are
going the right way. Isn't it? Meaning there
is no direct route
and you have taken the Kurnool road and it is
190 km from here. This is Kurnool. Meaning 190
km. Later maybe we will enter Andhra. Isn't it
? Then after Andhra, Karnataka. All these
vehicles that are coming are
coming from Hyderabad city. Let's take it easy, this is
toll tax. There is toll tax only for the ring road. The
tax for the vehicles driven on the Ring Road will be deducted here. It is around
6:00 in the evening and we have travelled
about 60-70 km on Bengaluru road. I came here to have tea
and my car was here.
Brother, I met you yesterday and we met again. Yes, I found it.
So it is a two day journey for us, so
both the men are going
ahead and behind, I mean brother,
we were going there, so he waved at us, then
we stopped, that brother, he, the same brother we met yesterday, so
let's go together again,
then we will get separated, then we will meet again, we will
stop somewhere at night, if we see at night, we will go
till 10-11:00, after that
if we get time then we will go again, otherwise we will
stop somewhere,
yes, let's go tomorrow, Sunday or maybe even on
Monday, the car will be empty, so that's why,
yes, that's why there is no pressure, go comfortably,
now from here about the same 4500 kms are left,
yes, the same 4500 kms are left, so take it easy,
we will make up today and tomorrow,
after driving the car continuously, we have reached
Kannul and it is raining in between, it is
raining, then it is pouring,
then it is pouring and the weather is quite nice, it is
quite nice and it is cold, at all, I
mean, we are not feeling the heat. Isn't it
? So now after crossing the Kalun, we will stop at a
good dhaba and sleep because
tomorrow is Sunday, so our car will not be empty tomorrow.
So tomorrow we
will reach Bor comfortably by tomorrow evening and our 350
km. The journey will be saved. So right now about
40-50 km. And we will move forward. Let's go,
after crossing Kannu, you will find good dhabas,
Rajasthani, Punjabi etc.
So let's go about 50 km now. And if we
go, Bengaluru is our 350 km.
Around 300 will survive. So tomorrow I will travel
300 kms comfortably in the whole day. We will cover our distance
comfortably and our
vehicle will be empty only on Monday. Isn't it? So let's just take it easy. It's
almost 9:30 at night now. So we will
park the car at the dhaba by 10:30-11 o'clock. Apart from this, a
toll plaza is also about to come in front and it has already come. It is still
raining lightly. You
can see.
Well,
Anantapur is left with 154 km. Kurnool 6
km
We have found a very good dhaba,
Punjabi Dhaba and have come to the dhaba and have
parked our car here
and the parking here is quite long and wide.
And I have just come to eat. I am sitting here
and my brother is also with me and I have just placed my order.
So let's see the order now.
We have given it in the order. Have you
given spinach or potatoes? Yes, I have ordered potato spinach.
So now both the brothers will eat here
and the rest of us are going to sleep here today
and tomorrow morning we will leave from here for our bore.
So it is not far now. The
bore will be around 300 meters from here. So
friends, finally our food is ready
and look, this is spinach and potato and
look at the length of its spoon, this much, I
mean we have seen many spoons that are so long
but this one is so long. Now let us
both take out the food and eat.
Now let's eat bread.
Rest of the spinach and potato spinach paneer, all these are my
favourites. So let's quickly finish our meal now.
However, the food remains quite tasty.
So we have finished our food and have
eaten a lot. I also ate the bread.
After that, rice was also ordered. So let's eat and
drink now. The rest of the car's
entire lumber is installed here. And the
entire space in the middle is empty. Cars on all four sides, front and back.
Now let's go to sleep. Let's end this blog here
and see you
in the next blog. Till then bye and
Jai Hind friends. Friends, today
is the second day of our blog and we are still here at the hotel
and at night the entire parking was
full. Isn't it? It is completely empty now
and all these vehicles have just arrived
and our vehicle is parked here right now. So
we will leave from here now. We have
stopped to take a bath. And this is a very nice and
cool place. Very nice, isn't it? The
entire treasure is open, all around, front and back,
and look at this cart, it
looks so nice, it is parked on top of it, the
rest of the tank is also very big here, so we will take
bath here and
then continue our journey,
okay okay, yes we will take bath, we have
stopped for bathing brother, okay okay okay,
let's go brothers, we are
washing ourselves by parking this cart, although the place is
very nice. My car has also become a little dirty.
So after this is removed, you can
park your car on this side and wash it. The
water is also very clean here. You
can see. The water is also clean. It's quite
good. So let's go, once these brothers'
car is moved, we will bring it here. As long as we have to do
our editing and uploading of the video, we do
all this. After that I will take a
bath and then leave from here. We will have breakfast
here. The hotel is on that side. The
parking is very large. And my god,
how long is this car. From here to there.
This vehicle is useful in carrying goods of all these Amazon, Flipkart etc. So let's
end the rest of this blog here.
Look how nice the weather
is here. I mean, I am having a lot of fun and there is a lot of
breeze going on. Here on this side
we are currently in Andhra. After Telangana, Andhra came.
Now after Andhra, we will end in Karnataka
and let us end this blog here.
See you
in the next blog.
