We travelled about 60-70 km on Bor Road.  I came here to have We travelled about 60-70 km on Bor Road.  I came here to have We travelled about 60-70 km on Bor Road.  I came here to have tea and tea and tea and my car was here.  Now let's eat bread. my car was here.  Now let's eat bread. my car was here.  Now let's eat bread. Good morning friends. Good morning friends. Good morning friends. Welcome all of you once again to our new blog Welcome all of you once again to our new blog Welcome all of you once again to our new blog and it is already 11 in the morning and I have and it is already 11 in the morning and I have and it is already 11 in the morning and I have started my blog from this time.  When we came at night, started my blog from this time.  When we came at night, started my blog from this time.  When we came at night, we slept here and since we slept here and since we slept here and since we were not hungry at night, we did not eat or drink anything. we were not hungry at night, we did not eat or drink anything. we were not hungry at night, we did not eat or drink anything. So right now I have So right now I have So right now I have eaten whatever food is there here.  Now whatever it is, we will start our journey. eaten whatever food is there here.  Now whatever it is, we will start our journey. eaten whatever food is there here.  Now whatever it is, we will start our journey. So let's continue from here.  I had already finished So let's continue from here.  I had already finished So let's continue from here.  I had already finished my food my food my food and my car was and my car was and my car was in the parking lot behind.  Then while leaving, in the parking lot behind.  Then while leaving, in the parking lot behind.  Then while leaving, we came here and saw the brothers eating and we came here and saw the brothers eating and we came here and saw the brothers eating and we also felt hungry.  So let us we also felt hungry.  So let us we also felt hungry.  So let us eat the food first.  After that we will eat the food first.  After that we will eat the food first.  After that we will start our journey from here. start our journey from here. start our journey from here. Come on, now the food is tension free.   You will Come on, now the food is tension free.   You will Come on, now the food is tension free.   You will not have to stop anywhere for food. not have to stop anywhere for food. not have to stop anywhere for food. Now we will continue our journey slowly and slowly.  Let's Now we will continue our journey slowly and slowly.  Let's Now we will continue our journey slowly and slowly.  Let's go out a little to the hotel, which is a pit.  Isn't it go out a little to the hotel, which is a pit.  Isn't it go out a little to the hotel, which is a pit.  Isn't it ?  It is a kutcha hotel.  Friends, ?  It is a kutcha hotel.  Friends, ?  It is a kutcha hotel.  Friends, today there is a lot of sunshine and heat in Telangana.  You today there is a lot of sunshine and heat in Telangana.  You today there is a lot of sunshine and heat in Telangana.  You can see that the weather above can see that the weather above can see that the weather above seems cloudy but it is sunny all the time.  I don't know why seems cloudy but it is sunny all the time.  I don't know why seems cloudy but it is sunny all the time.  I don't know why our phones do our phones do our phones do n't show sunlight.  Isn't it?  This is what is there in this f.  If there is n't show sunlight.  Isn't it?  This is what is there in this f.  If there is n't show sunlight.  Isn't it?  This is what is there in this f.  If there is sunshine, it makes the weather so nice.  It's sunshine, it makes the weather so nice.  It's sunshine, it makes the weather so nice.  It's fun to see it in F.  So fun to see it in F.  So fun to see it in F.  So let's go easy and easy.  Rest of the let's go easy and easy.  Rest of the let's go easy and easy.  Rest of the work is ready and 28 km from here.  There is still time left and work is ready and 28 km from here.  There is still time left and work is ready and 28 km from here.  There is still time left and Hyderabad will hardly reach even 150. Hyderabad will hardly reach even 150. Hyderabad will hardly reach even 150. Below 150 is down.  So let's go Below 150 is down.  So let's go Below 150 is down.  So let's go straight to Hyderabad and straight to Hyderabad and straight to Hyderabad and stop the car somewhere.  It's stop the car somewhere.  It's stop the car somewhere.  It's almost 3:00 in the evening and we've reached almost 3:00 in the evening and we've reached almost 3:00 in the evening and we've reached Mitchell.  Isn't it?  Midchal is the name of the place.  And if you Mitchell.  Isn't it?  Midchal is the name of the place.  And if you Mitchell.  Isn't it?  Midchal is the name of the place.  And if you go a little further here, you will go a little further here, you will go a little further here, you will find our Hyderabad Ring Road.  And right now there was a find our Hyderabad Ring Road.  And right now there was a find our Hyderabad Ring Road.  And right now there was a little jam at the back because the little jam at the back because the little jam at the back because the work of the flyover etc. is work of the flyover etc. is work of the flyover etc. is going on here.  Let's go a little further now, going on here.  Let's go a little further now, going on here.  Let's go a little further now, after that we will find the ring road. after that we will find the ring road. after that we will find the ring road. Now we will take the Hyderabad Ring Road.  This one Now we will take the Hyderabad Ring Road.  This one Now we will take the Hyderabad Ring Road.  This one above is the outer ring road. above is the outer ring road. above is the outer ring road. Now we are ready to climb the Outer Ring Road. Now we are ready to climb the Outer Ring Road. Now we are ready to climb the Outer Ring Road. Before entering the Outer Ring Road, you are Before entering the Outer Ring Road, you are Before entering the Outer Ring Road, you are welcomed with toll tax.  So we will get the toll welcomed with toll tax.  So we will get the toll welcomed with toll tax.  So we will get the toll tax deducted here now. tax deducted here now. tax deducted here now. HumHum Friends, please look at the width of this ring road. Friends, please look at the width of this ring road. Friends, please look at the width of this ring road. How much is too much?  That means there is as much on How much is too much?  That means there is as much on How much is too much?  That means there is as much on this side as there is on that side.  1 this side as there is on that side.  1 this side as there is on that side.  1 2 3 4 5 Let's go right now, fourth in line. 2 3 4 5 Let's go right now, fourth in line. 2 3 4 5 Let's go right now, fourth in line. Oh, still there is so much line and Oh, still there is so much line and Oh, still there is so much line and still the train is moving very fast here. still the train is moving very fast here. still the train is moving very fast here. Now we are going to leave the ring road.  Now Now we are going to leave the ring road.  Now Now we are going to leave the ring road.  Now take the Bengal Road to Kurnool and take the Bengal Road to Kurnool and take the Bengal Road to Kurnool and see the tall buildings here.  Isn't it?  And it see the tall buildings here.  Isn't it?  And it see the tall buildings here.  Isn't it?  And it looks so beautiful too. looks so beautiful too. looks so beautiful too. And let's face it, right now it feels like we're And let's face it, right now it feels like we're And let's face it, right now it feels like we're driving abroad.  This entire feel is driving abroad.  This entire feel is driving abroad.  This entire feel is giving a foreign scene.  Like Chinavana giving a foreign scene.  Like Chinavana giving a foreign scene.  Like Chinavana and also Agram Bagram, which is a and also Agram Bagram, which is a and also Agram Bagram, which is a similar scene in other countries.  You see, so many similar scene in other countries.  You see, so many similar scene in other countries.  You see, so many tall buildings, so tall buildings, so tall buildings, so wide roads, so much greenery on the side, it wide roads, so much greenery on the side, it wide roads, so much greenery on the side, it feels very good to see all this.  And the rest is feels very good to see all this.  And the rest is feels very good to see all this.  And the rest is 10-12 km from here.  We will leave this road further ahead. 10-12 km from here.  We will leave this road further ahead. 10-12 km from here.  We will leave this road further ahead. From here to Bengaluru, I mean, the From here to Bengaluru, I mean, the From here to Bengaluru, I mean, the kilometers are not visible brother. kilometers are not visible brother. kilometers are not visible brother. Where is it?  Kilometers not shown. Where is it?  Kilometers not shown. Where is it?  Kilometers not shown. Let's see if the boat is ready, yes, you are Let's see if the boat is ready, yes, you are Let's see if the boat is ready, yes, you are going the right way.  Isn't it?  Meaning there going the right way.  Isn't it?  Meaning there going the right way.  Isn't it?  Meaning there is no direct route is no direct route is no direct route and you have taken the Kurnool road and it is and you have taken the Kurnool road and it is and you have taken the Kurnool road and it is 190 km from here.  This is Kurnool.  Meaning 190 190 km from here.  This is Kurnool.  Meaning 190 190 km from here.  This is Kurnool.  Meaning 190 km.  Later maybe we will enter Andhra.   Isn't it km.  Later maybe we will enter Andhra.   Isn't it km.  Later maybe we will enter Andhra.   Isn't it ?  Then after Andhra, Karnataka.  All these ?  Then after Andhra, Karnataka.  All these ?  Then after Andhra, Karnataka.  All these vehicles that are coming are vehicles that are coming are vehicles that are coming are coming from Hyderabad city.  Let's take it easy, this is coming from Hyderabad city.  Let's take it easy, this is coming from Hyderabad city.  Let's take it easy, this is toll tax.  There is toll tax only for the ring road.  The toll tax.  There is toll tax only for the ring road.  The tax for the vehicles driven on the Ring Road will be deducted here.  It is around tax for the vehicles driven on the Ring Road will be deducted here.  It is around tax for the vehicles driven on the Ring Road will be deducted here.  It is around 6:00 in the evening and we have travelled 6:00 in the evening and we have travelled 6:00 in the evening and we have travelled about 60-70 km on Bengaluru road.  I came here to have tea about 60-70 km on Bengaluru road.  I came here to have tea about 60-70 km on Bengaluru road.  I came here to have tea and my car was here. and my car was here. and my car was here. Brother, I met you yesterday and we met again.   Yes, I found it. Brother, I met you yesterday and we met again.   Yes, I found it. Brother, I met you yesterday and we met again.   Yes, I found it. So it is a two day journey for us, so So it is a two day journey for us, so So it is a two day journey for us, so both the men are going both the men are going both the men are going ahead and behind, I mean brother, ahead and behind, I mean brother, ahead and behind, I mean brother, we were going there, so he waved at us, then we were going there, so he waved at us, then we were going there, so he waved at us, then we stopped, that brother, he, the same brother we met yesterday, so we stopped, that brother, he, the same brother we met yesterday, so we stopped, that brother, he, the same brother we met yesterday, so let's go together again, let's go together again, let's go together again, then we will get separated, then we will meet again, we will then we will get separated, then we will meet again, we will then we will get separated, then we will meet again, we will stop somewhere at night, if we see at night, we will go stop somewhere at night, if we see at night, we will go stop somewhere at night, if we see at night, we will go till 10-11:00, after that till 10-11:00, after that till 10-11:00, after that if we get time then we will go again, otherwise we will if we get time then we will go again, otherwise we will if we get time then we will go again, otherwise we will stop somewhere, stop somewhere, stop somewhere, yes, let's go tomorrow, Sunday or maybe even on yes, let's go tomorrow, Sunday or maybe even on yes, let's go tomorrow, Sunday or maybe even on Monday, the car will be empty, so that's why, Monday, the car will be empty, so that's why, Monday, the car will be empty, so that's why, yes, that's why there is no pressure, go comfortably, yes, that's why there is no pressure, go comfortably, yes, that's why there is no pressure, go comfortably, now from here about the same 4500 kms are left, now from here about the same 4500 kms are left, yes, the same 4500 kms are left, so take it easy, yes, the same 4500 kms are left, so take it easy, yes, the same 4500 kms are left, so take it easy, we will make up today and tomorrow, we will make up today and tomorrow, we will make up today and tomorrow, after driving the car continuously, we have reached after driving the car continuously, we have reached after driving the car continuously, we have reached Kannul and it is raining in between, it is Kannul and it is raining in between, it is Kannul and it is raining in between, it is raining, then it is pouring, raining, then it is pouring, raining, then it is pouring, then it is pouring and the weather is quite nice, it is then it is pouring and the weather is quite nice, it is then it is pouring and the weather is quite nice, it is quite nice and it is cold, at all, I quite nice and it is cold, at all, I quite nice and it is cold, at all, I mean, we are not feeling the heat.  Isn't it mean, we are not feeling the heat.  Isn't it mean, we are not feeling the heat.  Isn't it ?  So now after crossing the Kalun, we will stop at a ?  So now after crossing the Kalun, we will stop at a ?  So now after crossing the Kalun, we will stop at a good dhaba and sleep because good dhaba and sleep because good dhaba and sleep because tomorrow is Sunday, so our car will not be empty tomorrow. tomorrow is Sunday, so our car will not be empty tomorrow. tomorrow is Sunday, so our car will not be empty tomorrow. So tomorrow we So tomorrow we So tomorrow we will reach Bor comfortably by tomorrow evening and our 350 will reach Bor comfortably by tomorrow evening and our 350 will reach Bor comfortably by tomorrow evening and our 350 km.  The journey will be saved.  So right now about km.  The journey will be saved.  So right now about km.  The journey will be saved.  So right now about 40-50 km.  And we will move forward.  Let's go, 40-50 km.  And we will move forward.  Let's go, 40-50 km.  And we will move forward.  Let's go, after crossing Kannu, you will find good dhabas, after crossing Kannu, you will find good dhabas, after crossing Kannu, you will find good dhabas, Rajasthani, Punjabi etc. Rajasthani, Punjabi etc. Rajasthani, Punjabi etc. So let's go about 50 km now.  And if we So let's go about 50 km now.  And if we So let's go about 50 km now.  And if we go, Bengaluru is our 350 km. go, Bengaluru is our 350 km. go, Bengaluru is our 350 km. Around 300 will survive.  So tomorrow I will travel Around 300 will survive.  So tomorrow I will travel Around 300 will survive.  So tomorrow I will travel 300 kms comfortably in the whole day.  We will cover our distance 300 kms comfortably in the whole day.  We will cover our distance 300 kms comfortably in the whole day.  We will cover our distance comfortably and our comfortably and our comfortably and our vehicle will be empty only on Monday.  Isn't it?  So let's just take it easy.  It's vehicle will be empty only on Monday.  Isn't it?  So let's just take it easy.  It's almost 9:30 at night now.  So we will almost 9:30 at night now.  So we will almost 9:30 at night now.  So we will park the car at the dhaba by 10:30-11 o'clock.  Apart from this, a park the car at the dhaba by 10:30-11 o'clock.  Apart from this, a park the car at the dhaba by 10:30-11 o'clock.  Apart from this, a toll plaza is also about to come in front and it has already come.  It is still toll plaza is also about to come in front and it has already come.  It is still toll plaza is also about to come in front and it has already come.  It is still raining lightly.  You raining lightly.  You raining lightly.  You can see. can see. can see. Well, Anantapur is left with 154 km.  Kurnool 6 Anantapur is left with 154 km.  Kurnool 6 Anantapur is left with 154 km.  Kurnool 6 km km km We have found a very good dhaba, We have found a very good dhaba, We have found a very good dhaba, Punjabi Dhaba and have come to the dhaba and have Punjabi Dhaba and have come to the dhaba and have Punjabi Dhaba and have come to the dhaba and have parked our car here parked our car here parked our car here and the parking here is quite long and wide. and the parking here is quite long and wide. and the parking here is quite long and wide. And I have just come to eat.  I am sitting here And I have just come to eat.  I am sitting here And I have just come to eat.  I am sitting here and my brother is also with me and I have just placed my order. and my brother is also with me and I have just placed my order. and my brother is also with me and I have just placed my order. So let's see the order now. So let's see the order now. So let's see the order now. We have given it in the order.  Have you We have given it in the order.  Have you We have given it in the order.  Have you given spinach or potatoes?  Yes, I have ordered potato spinach. given spinach or potatoes?  Yes, I have ordered potato spinach. given spinach or potatoes?  Yes, I have ordered potato spinach. So now both the brothers will eat here So now both the brothers will eat here So now both the brothers will eat here and the rest of us are going to sleep here today and the rest of us are going to sleep here today and the rest of us are going to sleep here today and tomorrow morning we will leave from here for our bore. and tomorrow morning we will leave from here for our bore. and tomorrow morning we will leave from here for our bore. So it is not far now.  The So it is not far now.  The So it is not far now.  The bore will be around 300 meters from here.  So bore will be around 300 meters from here.  So bore will be around 300 meters from here.  So friends, finally our food is ready friends, finally our food is ready friends, finally our food is ready and look, this is spinach and potato and and look, this is spinach and potato and and look, this is spinach and potato and look at the length of its spoon, this much, I look at the length of its spoon, this much, I look at the length of its spoon, this much, I mean we have seen many spoons that are so long mean we have seen many spoons that are so long mean we have seen many spoons that are so long but this one is so long.  Now let us but this one is so long.  Now let us but this one is so long.  Now let us both take out the food and eat. Now let's eat bread. Rest of the spinach and potato spinach paneer, all these are my Rest of the spinach and potato spinach paneer, all these are my Rest of the spinach and potato spinach paneer, all these are my favourites.  So let's quickly finish our meal now. favourites.  So let's quickly finish our meal now. favourites.  So let's quickly finish our meal now. However, the food remains quite tasty. However, the food remains quite tasty. So we have finished our food and have So we have finished our food and have So we have finished our food and have eaten a lot.  I also ate the bread. eaten a lot.  I also ate the bread. eaten a lot.  I also ate the bread. After that, rice was also ordered.  So let's eat and After that, rice was also ordered.  So let's eat and After that, rice was also ordered.  So let's eat and drink now.  The rest of the car's drink now.  The rest of the car's drink now.  The rest of the car's entire lumber is installed here.  And the entire lumber is installed here.  And the entire lumber is installed here.  And the entire space in the middle is empty.  Cars on all four sides, front and back. entire space in the middle is empty.  Cars on all four sides, front and back. entire space in the middle is empty.  Cars on all four sides, front and back. Now let's go to sleep.  Let's end this blog here Now let's go to sleep.  Let's end this blog here Now let's go to sleep.  Let's end this blog here and see you and see you and see you in the next blog.  Till then bye and in the next blog.  Till then bye and in the next blog.  Till then bye and Jai Hind friends.  Friends, today Jai Hind friends.  Friends, today Jai Hind friends.  Friends, today is the second day of our blog and we are still here at the hotel is the second day of our blog and we are still here at the hotel is the second day of our blog and we are still here at the hotel and at night the entire parking was and at night the entire parking was and at night the entire parking was full.  Isn't it?  It is completely empty now full.  Isn't it?  It is completely empty now full.  Isn't it?  It is completely empty now and all these vehicles have just arrived and all these vehicles have just arrived and all these vehicles have just arrived and our vehicle is parked here right now.  So and our vehicle is parked here right now.  So and our vehicle is parked here right now.  So we will leave from here now.  We have we will leave from here now.  We have we will leave from here now.  We have stopped to take a bath.  And this is a very nice and stopped to take a bath.  And this is a very nice and stopped to take a bath.  And this is a very nice and cool place.  Very nice, isn't it?   The cool place.  Very nice, isn't it?   The cool place.  Very nice, isn't it?   The entire treasure is open, all around, front and back, entire treasure is open, all around, front and back, entire treasure is open, all around, front and back, and look at this cart, it and look at this cart, it and look at this cart, it looks so nice, it is parked on top of it, the looks so nice, it is parked on top of it, the looks so nice, it is parked on top of it, the rest of the tank is also very big here, so we will take rest of the tank is also very big here, so we will take rest of the tank is also very big here, so we will take bath here and bath here and bath here and then continue our journey, then continue our journey, then continue our journey, okay okay, yes we will take bath, we have okay okay, yes we will take bath, we have okay okay, yes we will take bath, we have stopped for bathing brother, okay okay okay, let's go brothers, we are let's go brothers, we are let's go brothers, we are washing ourselves by parking this cart, although the place is washing ourselves by parking this cart, although the place is washing ourselves by parking this cart, although the place is very nice.  My car has also become a little dirty. very nice.  My car has also become a little dirty. very nice.  My car has also become a little dirty. So after this is removed, you can So after this is removed, you can So after this is removed, you can park your car on this side and wash it.  The park your car on this side and wash it.  The park your car on this side and wash it.  The water is also very clean here.  You water is also very clean here.  You water is also very clean here.  You can see.  The water is also clean.  It's quite can see.  The water is also clean.  It's quite can see.  The water is also clean.  It's quite good.  So let's go, once these brothers' good.  So let's go, once these brothers' good.  So let's go, once these brothers' car is moved, we will bring it here.  As long as we have to do car is moved, we will bring it here.  As long as we have to do car is moved, we will bring it here.  As long as we have to do our editing and uploading of the video, we do our editing and uploading of the video, we do our editing and uploading of the video, we do all this.  After that I will take a all this.  After that I will take a all this.  After that I will take a bath and then leave from here.  We will have breakfast bath and then leave from here.  We will have breakfast bath and then leave from here.  We will have breakfast here.  The hotel is on that side.  The here.  The hotel is on that side.  The here.  The hotel is on that side.  The parking is very large.  And my god, parking is very large.  And my god, parking is very large.  And my god, how long is this car.  From here to there. how long is this car.  From here to there. This vehicle is useful in carrying goods of all these Amazon, Flipkart etc.  So let's This vehicle is useful in carrying goods of all these Amazon, Flipkart etc.  So let's This vehicle is useful in carrying goods of all these Amazon, Flipkart etc.  So let's end the rest of this blog here. end the rest of this blog here. end the rest of this blog here. Look how nice the weather Look how nice the weather Look how nice the weather is here.  I mean, I am having a lot of fun and there is a lot of is here.  I mean, I am having a lot of fun and there is a lot of is here.  I mean, I am having a lot of fun and there is a lot of breeze going on.  Here on this side breeze going on.  Here on this side breeze going on.  Here on this side we are currently in Andhra.  After Telangana, Andhra came. we are currently in Andhra.  After Telangana, Andhra came. we are currently in Andhra.  After Telangana, Andhra came. Now after Andhra, we will end in Karnataka Now after Andhra, we will end in Karnataka Now after Andhra, we will end in Karnataka and let us end this blog here. and let us end this blog here. and let us end this blog here. See you See you See you in the next blog.