Good morning. Happy Saturday. It is
bright and early. I am out of the house
to do some dilly dallying. I definitely
want to go thrifting. I do need some
breakfast and right now I'm at Home
Depot because I need some supplies to
build this trinket shelf for my salt and
pepper shakers. Hopefully we can find a
very nice employee to cut some wood for
me this early in the morning. I have
myself here a little V8 energy. I prefer
the sparkling ones but this is all I
could find. Just a little something to
get me going. I'm going to save the big
caffeine guns for later when I clean the
house.
I have my little sticky here with the
dimensions that I need.
Now I got to find what what I'm looking
for. I think I found it. I just need to
grab three and then find someone to cut
it.
I have stain at home.
Oh, you have the stain at home?
Yeah, polyurethane.
Polyurethane is very good.
I appreciate your help.
Going to take a little time to get dry.
Have a good day.
Thank you, you too. He was so sweet and
so cute and helpful. He went through my
whole project with me, gave me tips,
made sure that my wood was like quality
pieces. I'm going to cry. Actually have
a mobile order for Alexandria.
My obsession with their sausage
croissant wrap honestly needs to be
studied. Hyperfixation has been going
strong for many months.
Needed one more brown frame to complete
the collage I'm doing in my laundry room
and this is perfect. $3.
I love her. Honestly don't need it
though because I have like six of the
tortoise shell ones that I recently got.
Forever looking for a new end table to
go next to my couch. Pretty determined
to thrift one but I haven't had any
luck. But I needed this so a win is a
win. I have a $15 voucher to Michael's
so I just want to check if they have
some leaf garland.
I don't know if I want this one. It's
more orange and then I think that one's
more neutral. I'm also going to get this
because with 30% off the garland I'll
still have money on the voucher left and
it expires soon. I didn't know the
garland was on sale so I went back and
got to get one. You too. Just paid $5
for all of this. Make sure to check your
email for those reward vouchers.
So wish this wasn't cracked because it
would be immediately coming home with
me. Goodwill was a bust, but I did just
call my nail tech and she has time right
now for a pedicure, so I'm going to rush
over there. My polish is really messed
up from the lake last week, so that's
what I'm going to go do and conclude my
morning with.
