Today I have received some lovely crockery items from Vajas Collection Today I have received some lovely crockery items from Vajas Collection Today I have received some lovely crockery items from Vajas Collection and I will and I will and I will show them to you.  I have received crystal glasses. show them to you.  I have received crystal glasses. show them to you.  I have received crystal glasses. First of all, I have First of all, I have First of all, I have this glass set and it has four glasses and here are the this glass set and it has four glasses and here are the this glass set and it has four glasses and here are the four and these are beautiful glasses. four and these are beautiful glasses. four and these are beautiful glasses. I haven't found such glasses anywhere yet.   I I haven't found such glasses anywhere yet.   I I haven't found such glasses anywhere yet.   I remember seeing one like this on the machine. remember seeing one like this on the machine. remember seeing one like this on the machine. He sent me these three wooden trays. He sent me these three wooden trays. He sent me these three wooden trays. Its quality is very good.  The design Its quality is very good.  The design Its quality is very good.  The design is very cute.  Low Quality Its is very cute.  Low Quality Its is very cute.  Low Quality Its quality is very good.  So these three quality is very good.  So these three quality is very good.  So these three trays he sent me.  Lastly, trays he sent me.  Lastly, trays he sent me.  Lastly, I have this cookware set.  There I have this cookware set.  There I have this cookware set.  There are five pots in it.  Let me show you its quality. are five pots in it.  Let me show you its quality. are five pots in it.  Let me show you its quality. Mostly I read that you should cook Mostly I read that you should cook Mostly I read that you should cook food in steel utensils.  Do food in steel utensils.  Do food in steel utensils.  Do not make it in non-stick.  This is what it looks like not make it in non-stick.  This is what it looks like not make it in non-stick.  This is what it looks like and it's so cute.  It won't even spoil.  The and it's so cute.  It won't even spoil.  The and it's so cute.  It won't even spoil.  The steel is very good and it steel is very good and it steel is very good and it also has ml written on it to show how many ml it contains.  There also has ml written on it to show how many ml it contains.  There also has ml written on it to show how many ml it contains.  There is a set of five leaves.  So you guys should is a set of five leaves.  So you guys should is a set of five leaves.  So you guys should also go there, they have many lovely things. also go there, they have many lovely things. also go there, they have many lovely things. You guys can also order