Cen Cen Cen finally got around to trying out the finally got around to trying out the finally got around to trying out the Cen Rider Dikit Legend Edition. Cen Rider Dikit Legend Edition. Cen Rider Dikit Legend Edition. Honestly, I'm waiting for the price to drop before Honestly, I'm waiting for the price to drop before Honestly, I'm waiting for the price to drop before buying.  The manual book is buying.  The manual book is buying.  The manual book is really thick, guys.  And this card is also really thick, guys.  And this card is also really thick, guys.  And this card is also very good.  The assembly process is easy and there very good.  The assembly process is easy and there very good.  The assembly process is easy and there are no problems at all.  And this is what the are no problems at all.  And this is what the are no problems at all.  And this is what the figure looks like, guys.  And the figure looks like, guys.  And the figure looks like, guys.  And the details are really detailed.   The details are really detailed.   The details are really detailed.   The farming aura is farming aura is farming aura is really visible, guys.  And this one doesn't really visible, guys.  And this one doesn't really visible, guys.  And this one doesn't have any stickers at all like the other brands, have any stickers at all like the other brands, have any stickers at all like the other brands, guys.  Wow, the details on these eyes are guys.  Wow, the details on these eyes are guys.  Wow, the details on these eyes are really cool, guys.  The fighting part is no really cool, guys.  The fighting part is no really cool, guys.  The fighting part is no less detailed and has gimmicks like this, less detailed and has gimmicks like this, less detailed and has gimmicks like this, guys.  In the booker section, there is also a guys.  In the booker section, there is also a guys.  In the booker section, there is also a small detail of the rider logo.  Overall, the small detail of the rider logo.  Overall, the small detail of the rider logo.  Overall, the details are really great, guys.  For details are really great, guys.  For details are really great, guys.  For accessories, we get additional accessories, we get additional accessories, we get additional hand options and the details are also no hand options and the details are also no hand options and the details are also no joke, Guys.  Then there are joke, Guys.  Then there are joke, Guys.  Then there are small cards like this.  There are small cards like this.  There are small cards like this.  There are additional parts to change the ride booker additional parts to change the ride booker additional parts to change the ride booker into a sword or shooting mode into a sword or shooting mode into a sword or shooting mode like this.  Lastly we get the stain like this.  Lastly we get the stain like this.  Lastly we get the stain base.  In terms of articulation, this is also base.  In terms of articulation, this is also base.  In terms of articulation, this is also really great, guys.  I've really great, guys.  I've really great, guys.  I've also used butterfly join.  So it's really fun also used butterfly join.  So it's really fun also used butterfly join.  So it's really fun to pose in cool poses like to pose in cool poses like to pose in cool poses like this, guys.   The figure's height is 19 cm and figure's height is 19 cm and figure's height is 19 cm and this is the comparison with the Galaxy this is the comparison with the Galaxy this is the comparison with the Galaxy Version and this is the comparison with the Version and this is the comparison with the Version and this is the comparison with the regular SHF.  Well, that's a brief review regular SHF.  Well, that's a brief review regular SHF.  Well, that's a brief review of the blockis comen Rider DKE. of the blockis comen Rider DKE. of the blockis comen Rider DKE. Anyway, if the price isn't too high, Anyway, if the price isn't too high, Anyway, if the price isn't too high, this is really worth it, guys.