So friends, the scary prank we planned was So friends, the scary prank we planned was So friends, the scary prank we planned was successful successful successful [sound of clearing throat].  Now let's [sound of clearing throat].  Now let's [sound of clearing throat].  Now let's celebrate with cake.  Let's cut the cake shake. celebrate with cake.  Let's cut the cake shake. celebrate with cake.  Let's cut the cake shake. Happy birthday to you brother.  Brother's Happy birthday to you brother.  Brother's Happy birthday to you brother.  Brother's Birthday Brother's Birthday   I am Birthday Brother's Birthday   I am Birthday Brother's Birthday   I am giving you the cake.  I am giving it.   I am making the giving you the cake.  I am giving it.   I am making the giving you the cake.  I am giving it.   I am making the cake right now.  Just sit there.  Ok cake right now.  Just sit there.  Ok cake right now.  Just sit there.  Ok ? ? ? Cake.   I will Cake.   I will Cake.   I will place the cake in the outer room.  Then place the cake in the outer room.  Then place the cake in the outer room.  Then you come.  Ok?  My dear sister.   The you come.  Ok?  My dear sister.   The you come.  Ok?  My dear sister.   The cake is ready for you.  Please cake is ready for you.  Please cake is ready for you.  Please take the trouble to come out to the front room.   Come on take the trouble to come out to the front room.   Come on take the trouble to come out to the front room.   Come on my tension. my tension. my tension. Now we have to catch him and bring him here.   Bring it with your Now we have to catch him and bring him here.   Bring it with your Now we have to catch him and bring him here.   Bring it with your eyes closed.  Then I, eyes closed.  Then I, eyes closed.  Then I, hey, I am taking you only to the room outside the cake, hey, I am taking you only to the room outside the cake, hey, I am taking you only to the room outside the cake, close one eye, name it, close one eye, name it, close one eye, name it, come come come brother, don't scare me with the birthday girl, so brother, don't scare me with the birthday girl, so brother, don't scare me with the birthday girl, so friends, as today is a friends, as today is a friends, as today is a very nice birthday of my dear sister, I have left no stone unturned very nice birthday of my dear sister, I have left no stone unturned very nice birthday of my dear sister, I have left no stone unturned in her birthday and do in her birthday and do in her birthday and do n't open your eyes right now, the n't open your eyes right now, the n't open your eyes right now, the cake of her birthday girl is ready friends, it is very cake of her birthday girl is ready friends, it is very cake of her birthday girl is ready friends, it is very beautiful and don't open her eyes right now, bring her, make her sit beautiful and don't open her eyes right now, bring her, make her sit beautiful and don't open her eyes right now, bring her, make her sit comfortably on the sofa, okay comfortably on the sofa, okay comfortably on the sofa, okay brother, I am making her brother, I am making her brother, I am making her sit 100 times.   It sit 100 times.   It sit 100 times.   It 's his hand, friend. Hey, sit down, it's such a nice cake, we'll Hey, sit down, it's such a nice cake, we'll Hey, sit down, it's such a nice cake, we'll laugh.  Don't open his eyes now, he's fine. laugh.  Don't open his eyes now, he's fine. laugh.  Don't open his eyes now, he's fine. Ok. Ok. Ok. Yes, open your eyes for this.  Three to one. How did you like your cake?