For a long time, I've always been the For a long time, I've always been the For a long time, I've always been the friend to whip out her phone or camera friend to whip out her phone or camera friend to whip out her phone or camera and start recording and capturing things and start recording and capturing things and start recording and capturing things as they're happening. I love documenting as they're happening. I love documenting as they're happening. I love documenting my life through spontaneous photos and my life through spontaneous photos and my life through spontaneous photos and videos, and as I've recently entered my videos, and as I've recently entered my videos, and as I've recently entered my mid-20s, I realized that there's no mid-20s, I realized that there's no mid-20s, I realized that there's no better time to start capturing moments better time to start capturing moments better time to start capturing moments than now. To me, vlogging is not about than now. To me, vlogging is not about than now. To me, vlogging is not about portraying a perfect life. It's actually portraying a perfect life. It's actually portraying a perfect life. It's actually about noticing the aesthetic in the about noticing the aesthetic in the about noticing the aesthetic in the ordinary. While I'm still learning and ordinary. While I'm still learning and ordinary. While I'm still learning and playing around with my personal method playing around with my personal method playing around with my personal method of vlogging and capturing moments of vlogging and capturing moments of vlogging and capturing moments cinematically, here is how you can start cinematically, here is how you can start cinematically, here is how you can start capturing your life even if you're just capturing your life even if you're just capturing your life even if you're just a girl with a phone and a busy schedule. a girl with a phone and a busy schedule. a girl with a phone and a busy schedule. Let's get into it. First things first, Let's get into it. First things first, Let's get into it. First things first, gear. You actually don't need that gear. You actually don't need that gear. You actually don't need that $2,000 camera sitting in your Amazon $2,000 camera sitting in your Amazon $2,000 camera sitting in your Amazon basket. If you do have cameras, which I basket. If you do have cameras, which I basket. If you do have cameras, which I definitely have, they're about us. definitely have, they're about us. definitely have, they're about us. They're designed to capture things They're designed to capture things They're designed to capture things beautifully, and their job is to make beautifully, and their job is to make beautifully, and their job is to make things look good. But, if I'm being things look good. But, if I'm being things look good. But, if I'm being completely honest, you only really need completely honest, you only really need completely honest, you only really need your phone to start. Let's talk about your phone to start. Let's talk about your phone to start. Let's talk about using your phone to vlog. With general using your phone to vlog. With general using your phone to vlog. With general flagship phones, these are the options flagship phones, these are the options flagship phones, these are the options that you should use. I highly recommend that you should use. I highly recommend that you should use. I highly recommend filming in 4K as it will capture many filming in 4K as it will capture many filming in 4K as it will capture many more pixels in your video. And for more pixels in your video. And for more pixels in your video. And for frames per second, I still really like frames per second, I still really like frames per second, I still really like using 30 or 24 for the most natural using 30 or 24 for the most natural using 30 or 24 for the most natural motion. The only thing that is really motion. The only thing that is really motion. The only thing that is really important is to make sure that your lens important is to make sure that your lens important is to make sure that your lens is clean. I know it sounds basic, but if is clean. I know it sounds basic, but if is clean. I know it sounds basic, but if you have a blurry lens, things will just you have a blurry lens, things will just you have a blurry lens, things will just not look good. Having your phone as your not look good. Having your phone as your not look good. Having your phone as your main camera is a huge bonus, especially main camera is a huge bonus, especially main camera is a huge bonus, especially because it's super easy to whip it out because it's super easy to whip it out because it's super easy to whip it out from your pocket [music] and just from your pocket [music] and just from your pocket [music] and just capture things really quickly. The capture things really quickly. The capture things really quickly. The quality of the video is also something quality of the video is also something quality of the video is also something that you'll never have to worry about. that you'll never have to worry about. that you'll never have to worry about. If you're using your phone for vlogging, If you're using your phone for vlogging, If you're using your phone for vlogging, there's a few pieces of equipment that I there's a few pieces of equipment that I there's a few pieces of equipment that I really like to use. I always like to really like to use. I always like to really like to use. I always like to make sure that I have a MagSafe case so make sure that I have a MagSafe case so make sure that I have a MagSafe case so that I can stick on my Mophie tripod that I can stick on my Mophie tripod that I can stick on my Mophie tripod stand so that I can set up my camera. stand so that I can set up my camera. stand so that I can set up my camera. Or, I also recently got a magnetic and Or, I also recently got a magnetic and Or, I also recently got a magnetic and suction mount so that I can mount my suction mount so that I can mount my suction mount so that I can mount my phone to magnetic surfaces or stick it phone to magnetic surfaces or stick it phone to magnetic surfaces or stick it onto flat surfaces as well. These will onto flat surfaces as well. These will onto flat surfaces as well. These will allow you to get creative with your allow you to get creative with your allow you to get creative with your angles, and when it comes to vlogging, angles, and when it comes to vlogging, angles, and when it comes to vlogging, sometimes coming up with the most weird sometimes coming up with the most weird sometimes coming up with the most weird angles is really great way to go about angles is really great way to go about angles is really great way to go about making your video dynamic. Now, if you making your video dynamic. Now, if you making your video dynamic. Now, if you do have cameras such as the DJI Osmo do have cameras such as the DJI Osmo do have cameras such as the DJI Osmo Pocket 3, the Insta360 GO Ultra, or the Pocket 3, the Insta360 GO Ultra, or the Pocket 3, the Insta360 GO Ultra, or the DJI Action 5 Pro, which are all cameras DJI Action 5 Pro, which are all cameras DJI Action 5 Pro, which are all cameras that I really enjoy using on a daily, that I really enjoy using on a daily, that I really enjoy using on a daily, you can make the most out of those you can make the most out of those you can make the most out of those cameras by using them what they're best cameras by using them what they're best cameras by using them what they're best for. My DJI Osmo Pocket 3 is the best for. My DJI Osmo Pocket 3 is the best for. My DJI Osmo Pocket 3 is the best for capturing things really [music] for capturing things really [music] for capturing things really [music] smoothly. It has a gimbal, and I really smoothly. It has a gimbal, and I really smoothly. It has a gimbal, and I really enjoy using it when I'm just walking enjoy using it when I'm just walking enjoy using it when I'm just walking around because it'll stay so smooth. around because it'll stay so smooth. around because it'll stay so smooth. [music] It's also great for capturing [music] It's also great for capturing [music] It's also great for capturing detail in shots and provides a pretty detail in shots and provides a pretty detail in shots and provides a pretty narrow field of view so that I can narrow field of view so that I can narrow field of view so that I can really focus on the detail in whatever really focus on the detail in whatever really focus on the detail in whatever I'm shooting. I like to use my DJI I'm shooting. I like to use my DJI I'm shooting. I like to use my DJI Action 5 Pro and the Insta360 GO Ultra Action 5 Pro and the Insta360 GO Ultra Action 5 Pro and the Insta360 GO Ultra for more creative angles. And since they for more creative angles. And since they for more creative angles. And since they have wide fields of view, I feel like have wide fields of view, I feel like have wide fields of view, I feel like it's great for me to just set up the it's great for me to just set up the it's great for me to just set up the camera, walk away from it, and you'll be camera, walk away from it, and you'll be camera, walk away from it, and you'll be able to see so much of the scenery that able to see so much of the scenery that able to see so much of the scenery that is around me. [music] Another big plus is around me. [music] Another big plus is around me. [music] Another big plus side to using those cameras is that they side to using those cameras is that they side to using those cameras is that they have the function to record in vlog have the function to record in vlog have the function to record in vlog format, which allows you to play with format, which allows you to play with format, which allows you to play with the color and honestly make all your the color and honestly make all your the color and honestly make all your footage look so much more cinematic. footage look so much more cinematic. footage look so much more cinematic. [music] Something that I have been [music] Something that I have been [music] Something that I have been trying to use recently when filming with trying to use recently when filming with trying to use recently when filming with my phone is the Blackmagic Cam app. This my phone is the Blackmagic Cam app. This my phone is the Blackmagic Cam app. This app allows you to change settings in app allows you to change settings in app allows you to change settings in your camera that you normally won't be your camera that you normally won't be your camera that you normally won't be able to, like correcting white balance, able to, like correcting white balance, able to, like correcting white balance, shutter speed, and adjusting your ISO as shutter speed, and adjusting your ISO as shutter speed, and adjusting your ISO as well. It's also fun because it comes well. It's also fun because it comes well. It's also fun because it comes with some built-in LUTs for you to with some built-in LUTs for you to with some built-in LUTs for you to change what your footage looks like. If change what your footage looks like. If change what your footage looks like. If you want to try to capture more you want to try to capture more you want to try to capture more cinematic footage with your iPhone, I cinematic footage with your iPhone, I cinematic footage with your iPhone, I would highly recommend playing around would highly recommend playing around would highly recommend playing around with the Blackmagic Cam app. I've always with the Blackmagic Cam app. I've always with the Blackmagic Cam app. I've always been really into photography and video, been really into photography and video, been really into photography and video, so framing things comes pretty naturally so framing things comes pretty naturally so framing things comes pretty naturally to me, but here are the basic rules that to me, but here are the basic rules that to me, but here are the basic rules that you should follow. First of all, the you should follow. First of all, the you should follow. First of all, the rule of thirds. Rule of thirds is rule of thirds. Rule of thirds is rule of thirds. Rule of thirds is basically you split your screen into a basically you split your screen into a basically you split your screen into a 3x3 grid, and you have nine different 3x3 grid, and you have nine different 3x3 grid, and you have nine different squares. Generally, when you're filming squares. Generally, when you're filming squares. Generally, when you're filming things, you don't want to put yourself things, you don't want to put yourself things, you don't want to put yourself dead center in the middle of the frame, dead center in the middle of the frame, dead center in the middle of the frame, but because this is a sit-down and talk but because this is a sit-down and talk but because this is a sit-down and talk video, it makes most sense to do that. I video, it makes most sense to do that. I video, it makes most sense to do that. I really like to align myself to one of really like to align myself to one of really like to align myself to one of the two lines over here. And when I'm the two lines over here. And when I'm the two lines over here. And when I'm taking photos, I'm really mindful of how taking photos, I'm really mindful of how taking photos, I'm really mindful of how much head space I have. For example, in much head space I have. For example, in much head space I have. For example, in this clip that I took of my commute, you this clip that I took of my commute, you this clip that I took of my commute, you can see the rule of thirds applied here. can see the rule of thirds applied here. can see the rule of thirds applied here. [music] I'm framed at one of the lines [music] I'm framed at one of the lines [music] I'm framed at one of the lines here, and then you could see the train here, and then you could see the train here, and then you could see the train passing by in another way, and that adds passing by in another way, and that adds passing by in another way, and that adds a lot of dimension to my [music] shot a lot of dimension to my [music] shot a lot of dimension to my [music] shot and overall just makes it a little bit and overall just makes it a little bit and overall just makes it a little bit more aesthetically pleasing. Another way more aesthetically pleasing. Another way more aesthetically pleasing. Another way that I really like to make my videos a that I really like to make my videos a that I really like to make my videos a little bit more cinematic is by changing little bit more cinematic is by changing little bit more cinematic is by changing the angle. You can go high, you can go the angle. You can go high, you can go the angle. You can go high, you can go low, you can go from side to side. It's low, you can go from side to side. It's low, you can go from side to side. It's fun to always perceive things from a fun to always perceive things from a fun to always perceive things from a different perspective than what you're different perspective than what you're different perspective than what you're used to in real life. It's just a fun used to in real life. It's just a fun used to in real life. It's just a fun way to keep things a little edgy and way to keep things a little edgy and way to keep things a little edgy and different. Number three, let's talk different. Number three, let's talk different. Number three, let's talk about lighting. Lighting is huge. about lighting. Lighting is huge. about lighting. Lighting is huge. Lighting will make or break your Lighting will make or break your Lighting will make or break your footage. Always make sure you have some footage. Always make sure you have some footage. Always make sure you have some source of light coming at you or from source of light coming at you or from source of light coming at you or from the sides of your face. It'll brighten the sides of your face. It'll brighten the sides of your face. It'll brighten up the subject in your footage and make up the subject in your footage and make up the subject in your footage and make the video quality the best it can be. the video quality the best it can be. the video quality the best it can be. Usually, I try to avoid filming with Usually, I try to avoid filming with Usually, I try to avoid filming with backlight because that'll just wash me backlight because that'll just wash me backlight because that'll just wash me out. But, in day-to-day scenarios, when out. But, in day-to-day scenarios, when out. But, in day-to-day scenarios, when you can't really control the light, just you can't really control the light, just you can't really control the light, just be wary of where the sun is, and then be wary of where the sun is, and then be wary of where the sun is, and then rotate your body to make sure that you rotate your body to make sure that you rotate your body to make sure that you can get a good lighting situation. can get a good lighting situation. can get a good lighting situation. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Now, let's talk about filming in public. >> Now, let's talk about filming in public. >> Now, let's talk about filming in public. I still get really self-conscious of I still get really self-conscious of I still get really self-conscious of filming myself in public. I'm always filming myself in public. I'm always filming myself in public. I'm always self-conscious of all the [music] eyes self-conscious of all the [music] eyes self-conscious of all the [music] eyes that are staring at me when I pull my that are staring at me when I pull my that are staring at me when I pull my camera out. I think that's super camera out. I think that's super camera out. I think that's super natural. I'm someone who doesn't really natural. I'm someone who doesn't really natural. I'm someone who doesn't really like to attract attention to myself, but like to attract attention to myself, but like to attract attention to myself, but I love capturing the beauty in [music] I love capturing the beauty in [music] I love capturing the beauty in [music] everyday moments. So, one thing that I everyday moments. So, one thing that I everyday moments. So, one thing that I definitely had to get used to is getting definitely had to get used to is getting definitely had to get used to is getting over the fear of being perceived. I'm over the fear of being perceived. I'm over the fear of being perceived. I'm definitely more comfortable filming in definitely more comfortable filming in definitely more comfortable filming in spaces that I am not a resident of. For spaces that I am not a resident of. For spaces that I am not a resident of. For example, whenever I travel, it's super example, whenever I travel, it's super example, whenever I travel, it's super easy for me to just capture footage and easy for me to just capture footage and easy for me to just capture footage and vlog things because I know I'm not vlog things because I know I'm not vlog things because I know I'm not staying there for a long time. But, if staying there for a long time. But, if staying there for a long time. But, if I'm filming in my city, I'm always a I'm filming in my city, I'm always a I'm filming in my city, I'm always a little bit self-conscious because I feel little bit self-conscious because I feel little bit self-conscious because I feel like I might run into those people like I might run into those people like I might run into those people again. The thing that helped me get over again. The thing that helped me get over again. The thing that helped me get over the fear of being perceived is actually the fear of being perceived is actually the fear of being perceived is actually just seeing the content [music] that I'm just seeing the content [music] that I'm just seeing the content [music] that I'm capturing with my cameras. Every time I capturing with my cameras. Every time I capturing with my cameras. Every time I return home to edit a video or just look return home to edit a video or just look return home to edit a video or just look at the clips and photos that I've taken at the clips and photos that I've taken at the clips and photos that I've taken throughout the day, I'm never thinking, throughout the day, I'm never thinking, throughout the day, I'm never thinking, "Oh, I really embarrassed myself trying "Oh, I really embarrassed myself trying "Oh, I really embarrassed myself trying to get this piece of footage." [music] to get this piece of footage." [music] to get this piece of footage." [music] I'm usually thinking, "Oh, wow, I I'm usually thinking, "Oh, wow, I I'm usually thinking, "Oh, wow, I actually really like the way that this actually really like the way that this actually really like the way that this turned out." And putting myself in a turned out." And putting myself in a turned out." And putting myself in a potentially embarrassing situation potentially embarrassing situation potentially embarrassing situation [music] was actually so worth it. I've [music] was actually so worth it. I've [music] was actually so worth it. I've captured countless cinematic memories captured countless cinematic memories captured countless cinematic memories because of this mindset, and honestly, because of this mindset, and honestly, because of this mindset, and honestly, the pros of me going out of my way the pros of me going out of my way the pros of me going out of my way [music] to get a good clip outweigh the [music] to get a good clip outweigh the [music] to get a good clip outweigh the public embarrassment that I may feel public embarrassment that I may feel public embarrassment that I may feel when filming these clips. It definitely when filming these clips. It definitely when filming these clips. It definitely is a mindset shift, and it gets easier is a mindset shift, and it gets easier is a mindset shift, and it gets easier as you practice filming [music] in as you practice filming [music] in as you practice filming [music] in public more frequently. And if it helps, public more frequently. And if it helps, public more frequently. And if it helps, when you're documenting your life, your when you're documenting your life, your when you're documenting your life, your main character is you. You can take main character is you. You can take main character is you. You can take something that's boring and simple and something that's boring and simple and something that's boring and simple and record it in a way that makes it record it in a way that makes it record it in a way that makes it captivating. [music] Take your videos, captivating. [music] Take your videos, captivating. [music] Take your videos, photos, take your content, and just post photos, take your content, and just post photos, take your content, and just post it. I promise that you'll love looking it. I promise that you'll love looking it. I promise that you'll love looking back at these memories. [music] Don't back at these memories. [music] Don't back at these memories. [music] Don't forget to like and subscribe, and I'll forget to like and subscribe, and I'll forget to like and subscribe, and I'll see you in my next video. Bye.