Greetings. Today's blog is a daily
routine blog and before starting the vlog
I want to tell you that my name is
Arshi and I belong to Ghaziabad district, UP in India.
So let's start the vlog
from the morning. So this is the
time after Fajr prayer and today is Saturday so there is
no need to prepare children's tiffin. I made a cup of
tea and brought it for myself and now
I was drinking tea. After that Hussain had
said that mother, make rajma and I
forgot to soak it overnight. So it would be 6:00 in the morning
and I had soaked the kidney beans. Had
put it on to heat water. Now
I will put hot water in it and soak it in it.
After that, I am cleaning all the utensils that were washed last night and putting them away.
Everyone is still sleeping. When they
wake up, I will prepare breakfast for them
and today there is Sidra's PTA also, so
they have to go there also. So here
I have cleaned all the utensils thoroughly and
placed them in their respective places.
Wherever they had to be installed. By this time
these people had also come from school and now everyone had
different demands.
I had prepared breakfast for everyone and
muffins were being made for the children. Now after that let's
prepare lunch. So it is around 10:00 o'clock.
Meaning, I soaked kidney beans from 6:00 to 10:00.
Then add water and salt to it and
keep it to boil. So,
while the kidney beans are boiling,
I thought let's fill the pomegranates that I have kept
and serve this to the kids after lunch.
So let me tell you a very easy
way to peel pomegranate. So
see, make four cuts in it and
after doing this, knock on it with some heavy object
and
all the grains will come out very easily and quickly.
So see, I had kept the pomegranate in this box and
kept it in the fridge. Now
many people are asking me whether
I have a YouTube channel or not. We also want to
see long vogue. So
I have a YouTube channel by the name of Futala Vidarshi.
Go to my bio and check it out. So see, here the
kidney beans had become completely soft. Then again
I washed the same cooker and brought it and
put oil in it to cook. Two
onions were finely chopped. Now when the oil
becomes hot, I will add all the spices in it.
Whole garam masalas have to be added. And we will
also add the finely chopped onion into it.
When the onion becomes a little soft,
add tomatoes. Add two-three tomatoes.
Then add red chilli powder, a little turmeric
, coriander powder, dry mango powder and ginger
garlic paste or just garlic paste
into it. When the spices are
roasted well, we will add the kidney beans which we had boiled.
And add some
water as per the requirement you want and blow it
once or twice. Here
I have taken a pan. Salt and
water were kept in it to boil.
Put rice in it. And when it boils well and is
80% cooked, drain out the water
and leave it on low flame for 5 minutes.
Now today I have taken out this crockery.
Now let's quickly set the table
because then everyone will have lunch. It's almost
time for lunch and look,
I wore this suit today. If you liked the blog,
please like, share and
subscribe. Allah Hafiz.
