Greetings.  Today's blog is a daily Greetings.  Today's blog is a daily Greetings.  Today's blog is a daily routine blog and before starting the vlog routine blog and before starting the vlog routine blog and before starting the vlog I want to tell you that my name is I want to tell you that my name is I want to tell you that my name is Arshi and I belong to Ghaziabad district, UP in India. Arshi and I belong to Ghaziabad district, UP in India. Arshi and I belong to Ghaziabad district, UP in India. So let's start the vlog So let's start the vlog So let's start the vlog from the morning.  So this is the from the morning.  So this is the from the morning.  So this is the time after Fajr prayer and today is Saturday so there is time after Fajr prayer and today is Saturday so there is time after Fajr prayer and today is Saturday so there is no need to prepare children's tiffin.  I made a cup of no need to prepare children's tiffin.  I made a cup of no need to prepare children's tiffin.  I made a cup of tea and brought it for myself and now tea and brought it for myself and now tea and brought it for myself and now I was drinking tea.  After that Hussain had I was drinking tea.  After that Hussain had I was drinking tea.  After that Hussain had said that mother, make rajma and I said that mother, make rajma and I said that mother, make rajma and I forgot to soak it overnight.  So it would be 6:00 in the morning forgot to soak it overnight.  So it would be 6:00 in the morning forgot to soak it overnight.  So it would be 6:00 in the morning and I had soaked the kidney beans.  Had and I had soaked the kidney beans.  Had and I had soaked the kidney beans.  Had put it on to heat water.  Now put it on to heat water.  Now put it on to heat water.  Now I will put hot water in it and soak it in it. I will put hot water in it and soak it in it. I will put hot water in it and soak it in it. After that, I am cleaning all the utensils that were washed last night and putting them away. After that, I am cleaning all the utensils that were washed last night and putting them away. Everyone is still sleeping.  When they Everyone is still sleeping.  When they Everyone is still sleeping.  When they wake up, I will prepare breakfast for them wake up, I will prepare breakfast for them wake up, I will prepare breakfast for them and today there is Sidra's PTA also, so and today there is Sidra's PTA also, so and today there is Sidra's PTA also, so they have to go there also.  So here they have to go there also.  So here they have to go there also.  So here I have cleaned all the utensils thoroughly and I have cleaned all the utensils thoroughly and I have cleaned all the utensils thoroughly and placed them in their respective places. placed them in their respective places. placed them in their respective places. Wherever they had to be installed.  By this time Wherever they had to be installed.  By this time Wherever they had to be installed.  By this time these people had also come from school and now everyone had these people had also come from school and now everyone had these people had also come from school and now everyone had different demands. different demands. different demands. I had prepared breakfast for everyone and I had prepared breakfast for everyone and I had prepared breakfast for everyone and muffins were being made for the children.  Now after that let's muffins were being made for the children.  Now after that let's muffins were being made for the children.  Now after that let's prepare lunch.  So it is around 10:00 o'clock. prepare lunch.  So it is around 10:00 o'clock. prepare lunch.  So it is around 10:00 o'clock. Meaning, I soaked kidney beans from 6:00 to 10:00. Meaning, I soaked kidney beans from 6:00 to 10:00. Meaning, I soaked kidney beans from 6:00 to 10:00. Then add water and salt to it and Then add water and salt to it and Then add water and salt to it and keep it to boil.  So, keep it to boil.  So, keep it to boil.  So, while the kidney beans are boiling, while the kidney beans are boiling, while the kidney beans are boiling, I thought let's fill the pomegranates that I have kept I thought let's fill the pomegranates that I have kept I thought let's fill the pomegranates that I have kept and serve this to the kids after lunch. and serve this to the kids after lunch. and serve this to the kids after lunch. So let me tell you a very easy So let me tell you a very easy So let me tell you a very easy way to peel pomegranate.  So way to peel pomegranate.  So way to peel pomegranate.  So see, make four cuts in it and see, make four cuts in it and see, make four cuts in it and after doing this, knock on it with some heavy object after doing this, knock on it with some heavy object after doing this, knock on it with some heavy object and and and all the grains will come out very easily and quickly. all the grains will come out very easily and quickly. all the grains will come out very easily and quickly. So see, I had kept the pomegranate in this box and So see, I had kept the pomegranate in this box and So see, I had kept the pomegranate in this box and kept it in the fridge.  Now kept it in the fridge.  Now kept it in the fridge.  Now many people are asking me whether many people are asking me whether many people are asking me whether I have a YouTube channel or not.  We also want to I have a YouTube channel or not.  We also want to I have a YouTube channel or not.  We also want to see long vogue.  So see long vogue.  So see long vogue.  So I have a YouTube channel by the name of Futala Vidarshi. I have a YouTube channel by the name of Futala Vidarshi. I have a YouTube channel by the name of Futala Vidarshi. Go to my bio and check it out.  So see, here the Go to my bio and check it out.  So see, here the Go to my bio and check it out.  So see, here the kidney beans had become completely soft.  Then again kidney beans had become completely soft.  Then again kidney beans had become completely soft.  Then again I washed the same cooker and brought it and I washed the same cooker and brought it and I washed the same cooker and brought it and put oil in it to cook.  Two put oil in it to cook.  Two put oil in it to cook.  Two onions were finely chopped.  Now when the oil onions were finely chopped.  Now when the oil onions were finely chopped.  Now when the oil becomes hot, I will add all the spices in it. becomes hot, I will add all the spices in it. becomes hot, I will add all the spices in it. Whole garam masalas have to be added.  And we will Whole garam masalas have to be added.  And we will Whole garam masalas have to be added.  And we will also add the finely chopped onion into it. also add the finely chopped onion into it. also add the finely chopped onion into it. When the onion becomes a little soft, When the onion becomes a little soft, When the onion becomes a little soft, add tomatoes.  Add two-three tomatoes. add tomatoes.  Add two-three tomatoes. add tomatoes.  Add two-three tomatoes. Then add red chilli powder, a little turmeric Then add red chilli powder, a little turmeric Then add red chilli powder, a little turmeric , coriander powder, dry mango powder and ginger , coriander powder, dry mango powder and ginger , coriander powder, dry mango powder and ginger garlic paste or just garlic paste garlic paste or just garlic paste garlic paste or just garlic paste into it.  When the spices are into it.  When the spices are into it.  When the spices are roasted well, we will add the kidney beans which we had boiled. roasted well, we will add the kidney beans which we had boiled. roasted well, we will add the kidney beans which we had boiled. And add some And add some And add some water as per the requirement you want and blow it water as per the requirement you want and blow it water as per the requirement you want and blow it once or twice.  Here once or twice.  Here once or twice.  Here I have taken a pan.  Salt and I have taken a pan.  Salt and I have taken a pan.  Salt and water were kept in it to boil. water were kept in it to boil. water were kept in it to boil. Put rice in it.  And when it boils well and is Put rice in it.  And when it boils well and is Put rice in it.  And when it boils well and is 80% cooked, drain out the water 80% cooked, drain out the water 80% cooked, drain out the water and leave it on low flame for 5 minutes. and leave it on low flame for 5 minutes. and leave it on low flame for 5 minutes. Now today I have taken out this crockery. Now today I have taken out this crockery. Now today I have taken out this crockery. Now let's quickly set the table Now let's quickly set the table Now let's quickly set the table because then everyone will have lunch.  It's almost because then everyone will have lunch.  It's almost because then everyone will have lunch.  It's almost time for lunch and look, time for lunch and look, time for lunch and look, I wore this suit today.  If you liked the blog, I wore this suit today.  If you liked the blog, I wore this suit today.  If you liked the blog, please like, share and please like, share and please like, share and subscribe.  Allah Hafiz.