What's up, guys? Jeff with TopStar
Mobile Detailing Las Vegas. In today's
video, um we have about a $2,000 day
lined up. We're going to be doing a
ceramic coating on a Genesis G70 as well
as an interior detail. Um we have two
other vehicles at another client's house
and then subcontracting out two
full-size trucks to one of my guys. Um
we are going to be reviewing a product
today. that product is. Um, our friends
over at Cerakote sent us the
professional ceramic paint coating. So,
this is what we're going to be applying
to the vehicle. First time using this
product. I'm excited to try it out.
Let's dive in. We recently just made a
full video on ceramic coating. So, we're
not going to get too detailed into the
actual process of how to ceramic coat.
If that's something that you're
interested in, go back and watch that
video. It's titled ceramic process uh
full process. Um, we're going to start
off by strip washing the vehicle. Uh,
we're going to do an iron decon, clay
bar treatment. Basically prep the
vehicle before we apply the ceramic
coating. Um, it's a beautiful day out
here today. It's probably in the high
70s, low 80s, so not too hot. We got a
little breeze. We're going to do all the
prep work here in the driveway and then
we're going to move the vehicle into the
garage to apply the actual coating.
What are you What are you doing, Jeff?
Just getting a quick pump.
Okay. What are you lifting? Yeah, we got
the 5gallon buckets of tidy cat. Yeah.
Getting it in whenever we can. Not going
to probably make it to the gym today
with all the details. So, just get
enough to get a little pump going.
Gotcha. That sounds fun, man. Oh, wait.
We can get in some shrugs,
too.
Yeah. These are a little light for
shrugs. So,
it's all about the form, bro. Yep. Okay,
so we just prepped the whole vehicle,
wiped everything down with the panel
prep, so it's all nice and clean. We
stripped down any of the residue that
may have been left over from uh the
paint enhancement/paint correction. Uh
we're about to apply the Cerakote
Professional ceramic paint coating.
We're going to give this a little shake
here. Mix it around.
And I don't think it really matters. The
applicator looks about the same. So,
we're just going to go with the orange
side
here. And we're just going to split this
down the
middle. Now, Jeff, do you know how this
uh product flashes specifically? No. Do
you? Yeah. It sweats. Okay. So, kind of
just like the the Evo Synchro that we
use typically. Uh, this product sweats,
so that's how you know to wear. Gotcha.
I was wondering if it was going to
rainbow. No. Or if it was going to
sweat. Yeah, it's a sweater.
It's a sweaty. You guys drop in the
comments below, how do you apply your
ceramic coatings? Do you do like
circular motions? Do you stick to the
crosshatch? I've seen a lot of different
people do different methods. Uh, drop it
in the comments what you guys
do. So, Corum, what happened to your
legs? You know, guys, detailing is hard.
It's really taxing on the body. Uh, woke
up this morning. I couldn't feel my legs
from yesterday. So, we stopped and got
me uh a walker this morning just to kind
of help me out throughout the day. So,
hey man, you got to do what you got to
do to keep going. No, you do. You know,
the show must go on. Yep. It's tough,
but we're going to get it done one way
or another. So,
whatever it takes. Whatever it takes.
All right. It looks like it's starting
to sweat now. Um, so we're going to
level it. Mhm. Again, we're just lightly
wiping it. The goal is not to wipe it
off the panels. It's just to spread it
around and make it level, right? So
there's no streaks, no high spots. It's
actually really like a
silky smooth feel to it. You can
definitely feel how it glides really
easily. And then again, Jeeoff, you've
never had a problem with high spots,
right? I haven't had any problems with
high spots on any of the vehicles that
I've done. Okay. But I'm always really
cautious to just make sure that it's
leveled and I don't leave it on there
too long. Right. Yeah. It really just
comes down to sticking to the process,
paying attention to what you're doing,
not putting too much product on and not
sitting it letting it sit for too long,
right? And if you follow those steps, I
mean, nothing should really go wrong
with it. Okay. So, let's do the rest of
the car. Um, and we'll update. It's a
big difference. I can tell like from
where I did to where it stops there.
It's like it's like putting the brake on
almost, you know, it's very slick. So,
Jeff, we just split the car in half and
we each did um, you know, half the car
with the ceramic coating. Let's get each
other's feedback and you go first. Okay.
Yeah. Um, do you want to do it like a 1
to 10 type thing? Sure. Okay. So, I
would say for ease of use to
apply, we'll say 10's the best, right?
Yeah, 10's the best. I would say it's a
10. It was super easy to put on. Um,
what would you say on that? Um, I'm
going to I'm going to give it a 9.5.
Okay. I think that it was it was super
easy. The only learning curve that I had
was figuring out how the product
actually flashes. It's not too hard to
figure out. Like we just looked at some
products sweat, some some products leave
like a rainbow effect. This one has a
sweat effect to it. Um after about what
would you say like 30 seconds to a
minute? Yeah. You know, I mean, at least
out here in this condition. Yeah. In
these conditions, you know, we're in a
garage. It's very dry in Vegas.
Temperature- wise now, it's in the mid
80s. Um I would say it takes about 30 to
30 seconds to a minute for it to start
to sweat before you level it.
But it's very easy to work with. Um,
so I mean, compared to the other
products that I I've used, I'd give it a
10 for ease of use. It's super easy. I
think pretty much anyone, even like a
do-it-yourself or a beginner, could use
this product. Wow. Yeah. Next
category would be like slickness. Yeah,
it's extremely slick. probably one of
the sickest coatings that I've felt as
far as just how like after you apply it,
the towel glides on. I'd say probably a
10 on that. Like in comparison to a lot
of the other ones that I've
used, when you drag the towel across an
area that's applied, it's slides super
easy. When you get to that spot that
hasn't been um coated yet, it's like
putting the brake on. It like just
stops, you know? Yeah. So, it's it's
slick. It's
definitely a very slick coating. What
are your thoughts on it? I think it's
great, man. I had a fun time applying
it. It wasn't hard. Um, for slickness,
I'll give it a 10, man. I liked it. It
was super slick. What about glossy?
Gloss factor. Um,
I'd say probably like a 9.5. 9.5
to I hate to keep saying 10, but it's
it's really it's really glossy. Um I
don't know if you can see in the garage
here with the lighting, but I mean it's
it looks wet. Like if you can see it
here, like I'll get out of the shadow
for a
second.
It's it's like a drippy wet look for
sure. It's definitely ultra
glossy. Um what do you think? I
completely agree. I'm going to give it a
10 on gloss. It's probably one of the
most glossy coatings I've used um for
the time. So, like typically after 48
hours, the car will get even more glossy
once it cures. But this is like curing
really fast. So, yeah. So, they said the
cure time on this before you can get it
wet is what? 24 hours. 24 hours. Yeah.
Which is like it's pretty pretty short.
Yeah. I mean, um, I know most ceramic
coatings, I think you can get them wet
within a day or two, but you can't wash
them for at least 10 days out for the
full cure time. We'll come back. The
only thing that we can't really comment
on yet is the hydrophobics cuz we can't
apply water to it just yet, but we'll do
a follow-up on that later. We'll come
back. Um, my ceramic coating packages
always include a follow-up detail 2
weeks out just to come back, make sure
that it's performing the way that it's
supposed to be.
as part of the package. So, we will do a
followup on that and just throw it into
one of the other videos at some point.
But, um, judging by everything else, I
would say the hydrophobics on is
probably going to be comparable to
everything else.
It's, in my opinion, it's a great
coating, you know. Um, and like I said,
we're not being paid to use this product
or anything like that. Serakote did did
send us the samples to try out.
Something that I've been wanting to try
out and review. Um, and I have to say
it's it's a great product. I would
definitely use this in my business. Let
me know what you guys think. Have you
ever tried the Cerakote product? Uh, is
it something that you've used before?
What are the results that you've got
with it? You got anything else you want
to add, Corm? Uh, just about the um the
time. So, I think they quote it's it's
good for 500 washes. So, they don't give
an actual like time like two to threeear
coating. I think the reason on that too,
and I kind of stand behind their
reasoning on it, is it's really tough to
tell because some people are going to
keep it in a garage like this. Some
people are going to keep it in a
driveway, right? Some people are going
to run them through car washes. So, it
really depends on how the vehicle's
maintained, the weather conditions,
where you live. You know, there's a lot
of factors that go into it. So, it can
be really hard, I think, to put an exact
timeline on how something's how long
something's going to last. But, um, it
seems like a really good product. If the
durability is anything like the rest of
the the things that we talked about, I
would say it's probably going to be a
really, uh, high quality on the
durability. Ceram uh, Cerako is known
for coatings, not just specifically for
vehicle, but they're a coating company.
They make products to coat pretty much
everything out there, I think, like guns
and machinery and all kinds of stuff.
So, um, they are definitely experienced
when it comes to coating and and
different materials. So, if you guys get
it a chance, check it out. We'll drop a
link below for it and let us know what
you think. Yep. Let us know.
Okay. So, we're here at the second
location. Um, we're going to be doing a
Tesla X. Um, we were actually going to
be doing two vehicles at this one. We
had a Range Rover lined up as well, but
they had to take one of the vehic
vehicles to run some errands today. So,
we're just going to be doing the one.
I'm actually um kind of glad cuz me and
Corm are pretty wore out. We've been
going pretty hard this week with like
five cars a day, just back to back to
back. So, um we're going to knock this
one out. We'll be done for the day. I've
got my man Eddie uh doing two full truck
details today that are subcontracted
out. Um and then that's going to wrap up
the day for us.
Hey, Big Jeff. What happened with that
uh that Porsche key fob, man? Tell them
the story.
Yeah. So, I got a text this morning uh
from a client that I did about a year
ago where I was working on this old
Porsche. It was like 30 years old
and everything was a little bit kind of
loose on it where it just felt like, you
know, stuff could break really easy. Um,
I had moved the vehicle back a little
bit in the driveway so I could get
closer with the hoses and everything.
And then later when it was done, I went
to move it back in the original spot.
And when I put the key fob in, I I went
to turn the key and the key just
basically like snapped in half and
crumbled. Damn. Um, and it was his only
key that he had for the vehicle, right?
So it wouldn't start later because the
the fob wasn't intact, so the vehicle
wouldn't start. had to get the key um
replaced, but the the key itself was
like close to $400 and then Porsche has
to program the key, which is like
another
$300. Um, so at the time, you know, I
had I had insurance at the time and I
was looking to go through potentially my
insurance as an insurance claim. After
going back and forth with them a bit on
it, I realized that my deductible was a
$1,000 deductible. So, it just wasn't
going to work out with the insurance
claim. Um, I told him that I would pay
for it out of my pocket, you know, even
though I felt like it cuz it really
wasn't my fault. It was like an old key
that was like not in good shape. Let me
know what you guys think on that. Would
you eat the cost on it? Would you just
tell the customer like, "Sorry, this
thing was about to break anyway." Um, I
was, you know, semi- new to the business
back then and I and I was really
concerned about my reputation, the
reviews. So, I really just was like,
"Hey, let me just take care of it for
you." Um, a few weeks went by, he never
really followed up on it. Couple months
went by, he never really followed up on
it. And then I never heard from him
again until this morning. like literally
like a year later, he reached back out
to me and he was like, "Oh, do you
remember like last year you you know,
you said you were going to replace my
key for me. Um he's like, you know,
could you come over instead and like
detail the car free of charge, you know,
and we'll call it a wash for the key."
So, um, you know, let me know your
thoughts on that, guys. What would you
do in that scenario? I just said, "Hey,
you know, I'm a man of my word. I'll
come back. I'll do the car for free for
you and uh you know hopefully moving
forward I can keep him on as a client.
Maybe you know get a good review out of
it. So curious to hear your thoughts.
Drop them in the comments below.
Originally we intended to do a little
bit more filming today. Our camera's
about to run out so we're going to have
to wrap it up. But we did want to give a
shout out to Cerakote say thank you for
sending us the products. Um we're really
impressed with the way that the the
rapid ceramic coating works on there.
will definitely be using that again in
the future. Uh if you guys haven't had a
chance to check that out and you want to
check it out, we'll have a link below
for you. If you guys are getting value
out of these videos, please do us a
favor, like, comment, and subscribe. It
helps us grow the channel. Show your
support. We appreciate you guys and
we'll see you in the next one.
