All right, guys. We are about to enter Today is my first day of sophomore year. Today is my first day of sophomore year. Today is my first day of sophomore year. >> Here we go again. >> Here we go again. >> Here we go again. >> We'll start off with the first day of >> We'll start off with the first day of >> We'll start off with the first day of school morning routine, slowly but school morning routine, slowly but school morning routine, slowly but surely make our way to the campus where surely make our way to the campus where surely make our way to the campus where we tell you about everything that we tell you about everything that we tell you about everything that happened today. Stay till the end to happened today. Stay till the end to happened today. Stay till the end to find out how it went. Good morning. It is currently 5:09, Good morning. It is currently 5:09, Good morning. It is currently 5:09, August 12th. It is the first day of August 12th. It is the first day of August 12th. It is the first day of sophomore year. I promise you I stayed sophomore year. I promise you I stayed sophomore year. I promise you I stayed up until 1:00 just laying in bed trying up until 1:00 just laying in bed trying up until 1:00 just laying in bed trying to sleep. It was so bad. to sleep. It was so bad. to sleep. It was so bad. Not doing like the normal like back to Not doing like the normal like back to Not doing like the normal like back to school glow up was kind of different. school glow up was kind of different. school glow up was kind of different. Can we talk about how adorable these Can we talk about how adorable these Can we talk about how adorable these are? They're first nails. Let's get are? They're first nails. Let's get are? They're first nails. Let's get ready for the first day of sophomore ready for the first day of sophomore ready for the first day of sophomore year. Guys, so I rearranged my room for year. Guys, so I rearranged my room for year. Guys, so I rearranged my room for school and basically school and basically school and basically I woke up and my camera didn't charge in I woke up and my camera didn't charge in I woke up and my camera didn't charge in the night. Guys, I've been charging this the night. Guys, I've been charging this the night. Guys, I've been charging this camera for 2 days. We'll go on from camera for 2 days. We'll go on from camera for 2 days. We'll go on from here. I just brushed my teeth and now I'm I just brushed my teeth and now I'm I just brushed my teeth and now I'm going to go ice my face to wake up a going to go ice my face to wake up a going to go ice my face to wake up a little bit more and get rid of the little bit more and get rid of the little bit more and get rid of the puffiness like right here. Ooh, this might be harder than I Ooh, this might be harder than I Ooh, this might be harder than I remember. Sometimes I regret the day I put this Sometimes I regret the day I put this Sometimes I regret the day I put this ring on. Bring me a little water now. ring on. Bring me a little water now. ring on. Bring me a little water now. I'm thirsty. Girlfriend, I love the feeling of waking Girlfriend, I love the feeling of waking Girlfriend, I love the feeling of waking up before the rest of the world. Comment up before the rest of the world. Comment up before the rest of the world. Comment down below if you're a morning person or down below if you're a morning person or down below if you're a morning person or if you're a night person. I think I'm a if you're a night person. I think I'm a if you're a night person. I think I'm a morning, but specifically like 5:00 a.m. morning, but specifically like 5:00 a.m. morning, but specifically like 5:00 a.m. Next, I'm going to go take a shower and Next, I'm going to go take a shower and Next, I'm going to go take a shower and like do my curls and then I'm going to like do my curls and then I'm going to like do my curls and then I'm going to define them in my room. The rose gold. define them in my room. The rose gold. define them in my room. The rose gold. Ooh, yeah. Mhm. Ooh, yeah. Mhm. Ooh, yeah. Mhm. Oh, that wasn't bad. That was not bad at Oh, that wasn't bad. That was not bad at Oh, that wasn't bad. That was not bad at all. Time to get ready. I'm trying to all. Time to get ready. I'm trying to all. Time to get ready. I'm trying to figure out where I want the camera. figure out where I want the camera. figure out where I want the camera. So, basically, I just ripped my PJs. So, basically, I just ripped my PJs. So, basically, I just ripped my PJs. Yeah, but I have good news and I have Yeah, but I have good news and I have Yeah, but I have good news and I have bad news. The good news, it's not the bad news. The good news, it's not the bad news. The good news, it's not the butt crack. The bad news, obviously I butt crack. The bad news, obviously I butt crack. The bad news, obviously I was like putting my arm into the shirt was like putting my arm into the shirt was like putting my arm into the shirt and then it just ripped. And normally it and then it just ripped. And normally it and then it just ripped. And normally it doesn't do that. Here we go again. A year later and my Here we go again. A year later and my Here we go again. A year later and my sister's freaking alarm is going off. sister's freaking alarm is going off. sister's freaking alarm is going off. It's not just a normal alarm. It's the It's not just a normal alarm. It's the It's not just a normal alarm. It's the one where it like wakes you up slowly. one where it like wakes you up slowly. one where it like wakes you up slowly. She's not even here. She is on a flight She's not even here. She is on a flight She's not even here. She is on a flight to Missouri right now. Who's she waking to Missouri right now. Who's she waking to Missouri right now. Who's she waking up? The whole house. Okay, I'm actually getting a little bit Okay, I'm actually getting a little bit Okay, I'm actually getting a little bit more excited. As I am classic leave-in conditioner. This is the magic ingredient for my This is the magic ingredient for my This is the magic ingredient for my hair. hair. hair. This is kind of a new thing where I just This is kind of a new thing where I just This is kind of a new thing where I just brush it through rather than like brush it through rather than like brush it through rather than like squeezing it. So, I hope I'm not like squeezing it. So, I hope I'm not like squeezing it. So, I hope I'm not like ruining the curls. I have faith they'll ruining the curls. I have faith they'll ruining the curls. I have faith they'll turn out good though. Basically, you brush the curls forward Basically, you brush the curls forward Basically, you brush the curls forward and then you start folding at the end and then you start folding at the end and then you start folding at the end and then you flip your hair back. The and then you flip your hair back. The and then you flip your hair back. The hair might actually eat down today. And hair might actually eat down today. And hair might actually eat down today. And now I'm going to do my skin care. First, now I'm going to do my skin care. First, now I'm going to do my skin care. First, I go in with CeraVe. CeraVe is like the I go in with CeraVe. CeraVe is like the I go in with CeraVe. CeraVe is like the best moisturizer for your skin. It's 6:24 right now. 25, but I'm doing pretty good on time. 25, but I'm doing pretty good on time. 25, but I'm doing pretty good on time. Do you guys know the audio where it's Do you guys know the audio where it's Do you guys know the audio where it's like You're not getting it. It's not like You're not getting it. It's not like You're not getting it. It's not clocking to you. It's not clocking to clocking to you. It's not clocking to clocking to you. It's not clocking to you that I'm standing on business, is you that I'm standing on business, is you that I'm standing on business, is it? It's not clocking to me that it's it? It's not clocking to me that it's it? It's not clocking to me that it's the first day of school. It still feels the first day of school. It still feels the first day of school. It still feels like summer. Guess who has geometry like summer. Guess who has geometry like summer. Guess who has geometry first semester? first semester? first semester? Guess who has chemistry first period? Guess who has chemistry first period? Guess who has chemistry first period? They're like, let's see if she can They're like, let's see if she can They're like, let's see if she can survive every possible class that could survive every possible class that could survive every possible class that could make one crash out. Basically, I'm doing make one crash out. Basically, I'm doing make one crash out. Basically, I'm doing Merps lash routine. Um my lashes don't Merps lash routine. Um my lashes don't Merps lash routine. Um my lashes don't turn out even half as good as hers do, turn out even half as good as hers do, turn out even half as good as hers do, but they do turn out better ever since I but they do turn out better ever since I but they do turn out better ever since I started doing her routine. It's kind of started doing her routine. It's kind of started doing her routine. It's kind of funny because you curl it like 15 times. funny because you curl it like 15 times. funny because you curl it like 15 times. After you apply your mascara, you go dry After you apply your mascara, you go dry After you apply your mascara, you go dry your lashes with a hair dryer. your lashes with a hair dryer. your lashes with a hair dryer. Don't mind me. I'm going to put on my Don't mind me. I'm going to put on my Don't mind me. I'm going to put on my jazz. Mascara is done. Kind of excited for Mascara is done. Kind of excited for Mascara is done. Kind of excited for school, but at the same time not. I wish school, but at the same time not. I wish school, but at the same time not. I wish I had like two more weeks at least of I had like two more weeks at least of I had like two more weeks at least of summer just because there's been a lot summer just because there's been a lot summer just because there's been a lot going on with merch. This month is going on with merch. This month is going on with merch. This month is definitely going to be testing me, definitely going to be testing me, definitely going to be testing me, discipline, and my perseverance. It's discipline, and my perseverance. It's discipline, and my perseverance. It's going to be hard managing a business and going to be hard managing a business and going to be hard managing a business and doing school, so this will be my first doing school, so this will be my first doing school, so this will be my first time doing that. But in honor of 100K, I time doing that. But in honor of 100K, I time doing that. But in honor of 100K, I promised you guys I would launch merch. promised you guys I would launch merch. promised you guys I would launch merch. That's basically what I did all summer. That's basically what I did all summer. That's basically what I did all summer. If we have icebreakers today and we're If we have icebreakers today and we're If we have icebreakers today and we're like, "What did you do for the summer?" like, "What did you do for the summer?" like, "What did you do for the summer?" I'm going to be like, "Started my own I'm going to be like, "Started my own I'm going to be like, "Started my own business." I didn't travel. I didn't go business." I didn't travel. I didn't go business." I didn't travel. I didn't go out too much because I was always out too much because I was always out too much because I was always working, but I did take some time to working, but I did take some time to working, but I did take some time to hang out with friends. I made new hang out with friends. I made new hang out with friends. I made new friends. It was fun. Like the summer was friends. It was fun. Like the summer was friends. It was fun. Like the summer was a good balance of working and a good a good balance of working and a good a good balance of working and a good balance of just being a kid. So, I have balance of just being a kid. So, I have balance of just being a kid. So, I have no regrets. Like I love how I spent the no regrets. Like I love how I spent the no regrets. Like I love how I spent the summer. I know I'm going to look crazy summer. I know I'm going to look crazy summer. I know I'm going to look crazy for a minute. It's like two different for a minute. It's like two different for a minute. It's like two different shades, but I have to let it bake and it shades, but I have to let it bake and it shades, but I have to let it bake and it will turn out good. Like I thought I was going to have Like I thought I was going to have Like I thought I was going to have career center first semester, but I career center first semester, but I career center first semester, but I actually have it second semester now, actually have it second semester now, actually have it second semester now, which is fine because I'm so so excited. which is fine because I'm so so excited. which is fine because I'm so so excited. AV media production, I believe. That's AV media production, I believe. That's AV media production, I believe. That's the class I chose. It's filmmaking. I the class I chose. It's filmmaking. I the class I chose. It's filmmaking. I love filmmaking. Like I want to be a love filmmaking. Like I want to be a love filmmaking. Like I want to be a director when I'm older. I have my director when I'm older. I have my director when I'm older. I have my vision board right there. That's vision board right there. That's vision board right there. That's something I think a lot of people don't something I think a lot of people don't something I think a lot of people don't know because I don't talk about it a lot know because I don't talk about it a lot know because I don't talk about it a lot in my vlogs, but I'll start talking in my vlogs, but I'll start talking in my vlogs, but I'll start talking about it more. I guess just for a little about it more. I guess just for a little about it more. I guess just for a little life update, I'm working on my first life update, I'm working on my first life update, I'm working on my first business right now, which I can announce business right now, which I can announce business right now, which I can announce the name very soon. I just received my the name very soon. I just received my the name very soon. I just received my samples last night. It was so fun. In samples last night. It was so fun. In samples last night. It was so fun. In the next vlog, you guys are actually the next vlog, you guys are actually the next vlog, you guys are actually going to see the merch. Make sure you're going to see the merch. Make sure you're going to see the merch. Make sure you're watching and staying up-to-date with my watching and staying up-to-date with my watching and staying up-to-date with my YouTube short. Looks like we're going to YouTube short. Looks like we're going to YouTube short. Looks like we're going to be launching next month in September, be launching next month in September, be launching next month in September, and you guys should be excited, too. and you guys should be excited, too. and you guys should be excited, too. I've been trying to post more on YouTube I've been trying to post more on YouTube I've been trying to post more on YouTube shorts. Why do I feel like my camera's shorts. Why do I feel like my camera's shorts. Why do I feel like my camera's about to die? Oh, no. I'm going to actually crash out. Hey, Hey, Hey, cutie. Makeup is done. I love it. cutie. Makeup is done. I love it. cutie. Makeup is done. I love it. Definitely a good makeup day, and it's Definitely a good makeup day, and it's Definitely a good makeup day, and it's going to be even better once my lashes going to be even better once my lashes going to be even better once my lashes are dry because I'm going to curl them, are dry because I'm going to curl them, are dry because I'm going to curl them, and then they're going to be like, and then they're going to be like, and then they're going to be like, "Whoa." But now, I'm going to go pack my "Whoa." But now, I'm going to go pack my "Whoa." But now, I'm going to go pack my lunch. Okay, it is time for one of my lunch. Okay, it is time for one of my lunch. Okay, it is time for one of my favorite parts of school vlogs. Time to favorite parts of school vlogs. Time to favorite parts of school vlogs. Time to pack my lunch. Okay, time for my favorite part, packing Okay, time for my favorite part, packing Okay, time for my favorite part, packing my lunch. All right, guys, lunch is packed. Let's All right, guys, lunch is packed. Let's All right, guys, lunch is packed. Let's do a little lunch haul. I have some do a little lunch haul. I have some do a little lunch haul. I have some white bread, cucumbers, blackberries, white bread, cucumbers, blackberries, white bread, cucumbers, blackberries, blueberries, peppered salami, tomatoes, blueberries, peppered salami, tomatoes, blueberries, peppered salami, tomatoes, Cheez-Its, and some strawberries. At Cheez-Its, and some strawberries. At Cheez-Its, and some strawberries. At least for the first couple days, maybe least for the first couple days, maybe least for the first couple days, maybe weeks, I'm going to use this lunch box weeks, I'm going to use this lunch box weeks, I'm going to use this lunch box again, even though it's like low-key again, even though it's like low-key again, even though it's like low-key ripped. I was supposed to get a new one, ripped. I was supposed to get a new one, ripped. I was supposed to get a new one, but I totally forgot. but I totally forgot. but I totally forgot. So, this will have to work. But, that's So, this will have to work. But, that's So, this will have to work. But, that's why I need to get a new one ASAP. Y'all, why I need to get a new one ASAP. Y'all, why I need to get a new one ASAP. Y'all, I don't know why my phone just updated, I don't know why my phone just updated, I don't know why my phone just updated, but I got so scared my phone was not but I got so scared my phone was not but I got so scared my phone was not turning on. That's why it's out of the turning on. That's why it's out of the turning on. That's why it's out of the case right now. I got scared, but it was case right now. I got scared, but it was case right now. I got scared, but it was updating for some reason, and I didn't updating for some reason, and I didn't updating for some reason, and I didn't even like authorize an update. Anyway, even like authorize an update. Anyway, even like authorize an update. Anyway, time to give you guys an outfit haul. time to give you guys an outfit haul. time to give you guys an outfit haul. Nike socks, because I'm wearing these Nike socks, because I'm wearing these Nike socks, because I'm wearing these like really fashionista boots. like really fashionista boots. like really fashionista boots. Why did I just describe it like that? Why did I just describe it like that? Why did I just describe it like that? They're just like these gray, kind of They're just like these gray, kind of They're just like these gray, kind of like roughly boots. I know a lot of you like roughly boots. I know a lot of you like roughly boots. I know a lot of you are probably shocked I'm not wearing are probably shocked I'm not wearing are probably shocked I'm not wearing Campuses. Red top from Brandy Melville. Campuses. Red top from Brandy Melville. Campuses. Red top from Brandy Melville. It's so adorable. And then this It's so adorable. And then this It's so adorable. And then this I just ironed this yesterday. Why is it I just ironed this yesterday. Why is it I just ironed this yesterday. Why is it so folded? This dark wash denim skirt so folded? This dark wash denim skirt so folded? This dark wash denim skirt from Addicted. For jewelry, I'm going to from Addicted. For jewelry, I'm going to from Addicted. For jewelry, I'm going to wear this necklace. It's from wear this necklace. It's from wear this necklace. It's from Francesca's. Look at the details. I feel Francesca's. Look at the details. I feel Francesca's. Look at the details. I feel like this is going to be my new favorite like this is going to be my new favorite like this is going to be my new favorite necklace. Gold ring drop earrings, some necklace. Gold ring drop earrings, some necklace. Gold ring drop earrings, some rings and bracelets. I'll show you. So, rings and bracelets. I'll show you. So, rings and bracelets. I'll show you. So, outfit transition, 3 2 1. outfit transition, 3 2 1. outfit transition, 3 2 1. Okay, guys, outfit of the day. I'm Okay, guys, outfit of the day. I'm Okay, guys, outfit of the day. I'm low-key going to be late at this point, low-key going to be late at this point, low-key going to be late at this point, but it's okay, cuz we're going to be but it's okay, cuz we're going to be but it's okay, cuz we're going to be fashionably late. This is the outfit fashionably late. This is the outfit fashionably late. This is the outfit tried on. I'll give y'all a better one tried on. I'll give y'all a better one tried on. I'll give y'all a better one at school later. Yeah, off to school we at school later. Yeah, off to school we at school later. Yeah, off to school we go. Hey guys, we are on the way to go. Hey guys, we are on the way to go. Hey guys, we are on the way to school now. I have my oatmeal. Am I school now. I have my oatmeal. Am I school now. I have my oatmeal. Am I pronouncing that weird? Oatmeal? Did I pronouncing that weird? Oatmeal? Did I pronouncing that weird? Oatmeal? Did I say o-meal? You said o-meal. I have my say o-meal? You said o-meal. I have my say o-meal? You said o-meal. I have my oatmeal. oatmeal. oatmeal. Hopefully I'm not late, but I probably Hopefully I'm not late, but I probably Hopefully I'm not late, but I probably will be because the traffic on the first will be because the traffic on the first will be because the traffic on the first day of school at my high school is day of school at my high school is day of school at my high school is actually insane. Cut the cameras. Happy first day of Cut the cameras. Happy first day of Cut the cameras. Happy first day of school. school. school. All right guys, we are about to enter All right guys, we are about to enter All right guys, we are about to enter school. The line is so long. The line is so long. The line is so long. Yeah, but I have to wait in a line to go Yeah, but I have to wait in a line to go Yeah, but I have to wait in a line to go to school. to school. to school. Shoot, I don't even have any friends. Shoot, I don't even have any friends. Shoot, I don't even have any friends. Well, that I can meet up with. Maybe I Well, that I can meet up with. Maybe I Well, that I can meet up with. Maybe I do. Let's see. Y'all, the line is do. Let's see. Y'all, the line is do. Let's see. Y'all, the line is actually crazy because our school added actually crazy because our school added actually crazy because our school added like weapons detection, so now we have like weapons detection, so now we have like weapons detection, so now we have to wait. All right guys, we are at to wait. All right guys, we are at to wait. All right guys, we are at school and basically school and basically school and basically there's a huge line. Oh yeah, here's there's a huge line. Oh yeah, here's there's a huge line. Oh yeah, here's Karen. I met with her in the line. I'm Karen. I met with her in the line. I'm Karen. I met with her in the line. I'm so happy. I'm going to crash out because so happy. I'm going to crash out because so happy. I'm going to crash out because they just told us we need to have our they just told us we need to have our they just told us we need to have our iPads out, but like literally it's like iPads out, but like literally it's like iPads out, but like literally it's like crazy. crazy. crazy. We're on the main campus officially. We're on the main campus officially. We're on the main campus officially. This is our new campus. It almost feels This is our new campus. It almost feels This is our new campus. It almost feels like freshman year a little bit. like freshman year a little bit. like freshman year a little bit. Are you excited? Are you excited? Are you excited? And your first period is English, right? And your first period is English, right? And your first period is English, right? I'm not excited either. I'm Wait, I I'm not excited either. I'm Wait, I I'm not excited either. I'm Wait, I don't know where I'm going. Look. don't know where I'm going. Look. don't know where I'm going. Look. Okay, I need to pull out my schedule cuz Okay, I need to pull out my schedule cuz Okay, I need to pull out my schedule cuz I don't know where I'm going. The I don't know where I'm going. The I don't know where I'm going. The officer just asked if I knew where I was officer just asked if I knew where I was officer just asked if I knew where I was going. I don't know where I'm going. going. I don't know where I'm going. going. I don't know where I'm going. I hate carrying around a camera on the I hate carrying around a camera on the I hate carrying around a camera on the first day of school. first day of school. first day of school. But it's fine. Okay, I have to go But it's fine. Okay, I have to go But it's fine. Okay, I have to go upstairs. Bye. I don't know, this could upstairs. Bye. I don't know, this could upstairs. Bye. I don't know, this could be one of the only school Look at how be one of the only school Look at how be one of the only school Look at how empty it is first of all because empty it is first of all because empty it is first of all because everybody is in the weapons detection. everybody is in the weapons detection. everybody is in the weapons detection. I'm curious. I'm also out of breath I'm curious. I'm also out of breath I'm curious. I'm also out of breath because because because I'm like walking around the school in I'm like walking around the school in I'm like walking around the school in heels and I'm upstairs first period, but heels and I'm upstairs first period, but heels and I'm upstairs first period, but I'm looking for my chemistry class. I'm looking for my chemistry class. I'm looking for my chemistry class. Yes, I'm literally out of breath. Okay, Yes, I'm literally out of breath. Okay, Yes, I'm literally out of breath. Okay, I'll I'm probably going to stop vlogging I'll I'm probably going to stop vlogging I'll I'm probably going to stop vlogging because like yeah, peace out guys. I'll because like yeah, peace out guys. I'll because like yeah, peace out guys. I'll see you after first period or in first see you after first period or in first see you after first period or in first period if I feel brave ENOUGH TO VLOG. OKAY GUYS, I'M HERE WITH SHARINA. Our classes are right next to each Our classes are right next to each Our classes are right next to each other, so that's like good news. Um other, so that's like good news. Um other, so that's like good news. Um we're at lunch right now. I was like too we're at lunch right now. I was like too we're at lunch right now. I was like too afraid to vlog in the other classes, but afraid to vlog in the other classes, but afraid to vlog in the other classes, but how's your day been going? It's been how's your day been going? It's been how's your day been going? It's been going good. I'm really tired. going good. I'm really tired. going good. I'm really tired. >> Me too. I feel like entrepreneurship and >> Me too. I feel like entrepreneurship and >> Me too. I feel like entrepreneurship and like business was tiring. What's your like business was tiring. What's your like business was tiring. What's your first period? first period? first period? >> English. Oh, that's right. >> English. Oh, that's right. >> English. Oh, that's right. Do you have a little carrots? No, I Do you have a little carrots? No, I Do you have a little carrots? No, I don't. I have it. There was a girl in my don't. I have it. There was a girl in my don't. I have it. There was a girl in my business class. Her name was like G Mo. business class. Her name was like G Mo. business class. Her name was like G Mo. G Mo? But I accidentally said it as a G Mo? But I accidentally said it as a G Mo? But I accidentally said it as a Gmail. Gmail. Gmail. That's the senior girl I was like kind That's the senior girl I was like kind That's the senior girl I was like kind of be friends with. of be friends with. of be friends with. I'm glad we got here early. But I still haven't seen anyone we know. But I still haven't seen anyone we know. But I still haven't seen anyone we know. I don't know about you. Oh I I don't know about you. Oh I I don't know about you. Oh I forgot you tonsils. forgot you tonsils. forgot you tonsils. In a second. In a second. In a second. Wait, Sharina, we can twin. I got those. Wait, Sharina, we can twin. I got those. Wait, Sharina, we can twin. I got those. I bought you them for 30. But I saw your I bought you them for 30. But I saw your I bought you them for 30. But I saw your Instagram post. The shoes were Instagram post. The shoes were Instagram post. The shoes were Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. You got so many. You got so many. You got so many. One of them my sister and I are sharing. One of them my sister and I are sharing. One of them my sister and I are sharing. Okay, Okay, Okay, but still so many. You love them. Yeah. but still so many. You love them. Yeah. but still so many. You love them. Yeah. Guys, I'm editing right now, but I need Guys, I'm editing right now, but I need Guys, I'm editing right now, but I need to do a quick disclaimer. Obviously, you to do a quick disclaimer. Obviously, you to do a quick disclaimer. Obviously, you can see like the pretty part of the can see like the pretty part of the can see like the pretty part of the halls, but I did buy it with 95% of that halls, but I did buy it with 95% of that halls, but I did buy it with 95% of that with my own hard-earned money. You with my own hard-earned money. You with my own hard-earned money. You obviously see the aftermath of like a obviously see the aftermath of like a obviously see the aftermath of like a shopping spree, but you don't see like shopping spree, but you don't see like shopping spree, but you don't see like all of the genuine sleepless nights and all of the genuine sleepless nights and all of the genuine sleepless nights and like long hours working to be able to like long hours working to be able to like long hours working to be able to earn the money to afford that stuff. So, earn the money to afford that stuff. So, earn the money to afford that stuff. So, I just want to say I'm very, very I just want to say I'm very, very I just want to say I'm very, very grateful. Make sure you're not comparing grateful. Make sure you're not comparing grateful. Make sure you're not comparing yourselves to things you see on social yourselves to things you see on social yourselves to things you see on social media, but you know, make sure you don't media, but you know, make sure you don't media, but you know, make sure you don't assume anything. But yeah, super assume anything. But yeah, super assume anything. But yeah, super grateful that I'm healthy enough to work grateful that I'm healthy enough to work grateful that I'm healthy enough to work hard enough to earn the things that I hard enough to earn the things that I hard enough to earn the things that I have. I was looking at all these kids have. I was looking at all these kids have. I was looking at all these kids that got bus cuts. that got bus cuts. that got bus cuts. Do you know anyone in your classes with Do you know anyone in your classes with Do you know anyone in your classes with you? you? you? Literally, the best thing that's Literally, the best thing that's Literally, the best thing that's happened is lunch, you know? Yeah. Who happened is lunch, you know? Yeah. Who happened is lunch, you know? Yeah. Who cares about highlights? Yes, I saw her cares about highlights? Yes, I saw her cares about highlights? Yes, I saw her this morning. We walked together in this morning. We walked together in this morning. We walked together in weapons detection. weapons detection. weapons detection. What time did you get here? What time did you get here? What time did you get here? Oh, wow. You got here earlier. Tomatoes, Oh, wow. You got here earlier. Tomatoes, Oh, wow. You got here earlier. Tomatoes, salami, blackberries, blueberries, salami, blackberries, blueberries, salami, blackberries, blueberries, cucumbers. cucumbers. cucumbers. I just burned a piece of bread cuz I I just burned a piece of bread cuz I I just burned a piece of bread cuz I don't know. don't know. don't know. If you want anything, JUST If you want anything, JUST If you want anything, JUST I'LL TAKE IT. I WOKE UP AT 5:30. I'LL TAKE IT. I WOKE UP AT 5:30. I'LL TAKE IT. I WOKE UP AT 5:30. I woke up I was like counting. I was I woke up I was like counting. I was I woke up I was like counting. I was like using methods by like counting like using methods by like counting like using methods by like counting backwards. backwards. backwards. I was counting the alphabet backwards. I I was counting the alphabet backwards. I I was counting the alphabet backwards. I couldn't sleep. couldn't sleep. couldn't sleep. I was using methods, too, but it was I was using methods, too, but it was I was using methods, too, but it was just like Alison recommended ASMR, which just like Alison recommended ASMR, which just like Alison recommended ASMR, which I never listened to, but Kind of. I never listened to, but Kind of. I never listened to, but Kind of. I don't know. I just I just I just I don't know. I just I just I just I don't know. I just I just I just eventually fell asleep. I don't eventually fell asleep. I don't eventually fell asleep. I don't remember. My brother got home at 1:00, remember. My brother got home at 1:00, remember. My brother got home at 1:00, and he's so loud. He he was talking so and he's so loud. He he was talking so and he's so loud. He he was talking so loud with my parents in the living room. loud with my parents in the living room. loud with my parents in the living room. So, then I was like awake, and then I So, then I was like awake, and then I So, then I was like awake, and then I think I woke up again at 3:00, so it's think I woke up again at 3:00, so it's think I woke up again at 3:00, so it's kind of crazy. kind of crazy. kind of crazy. You had like 3 hours of sleep. You had like 3 hours of sleep. You had like 3 hours of sleep. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Yeah, low-key. Yeah, low-key. Yeah, low-key. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. They are nice. They are nice. They are nice. They're they're press-ons. This is going to be like note that This is going to be like note that This is going to be like note that Tuesday every day. Oh my gosh. Tuesday every day. Oh my gosh. Tuesday every day. Oh my gosh. I low-key have to use the bathroom. I low-key have to use the bathroom. I low-key have to use the bathroom. Geometry. Regular. I'm not good at math. What Regular. I'm not good at math. What Regular. I'm not good at math. What about you? about you? about you? Why did I say it like that? French? French? French? That's her name. I like your nails. What That's her name. I like your nails. What That's her name. I like your nails. What the heck? Rihanna did them. the heck? Rihanna did them. the heck? Rihanna did them. Rihanna's winning. Rihanna's winning. Rihanna's winning. Nice. Nice. Nice. Rihanna joke? Rihanna joke? Rihanna joke? She does nails? I'm going to go to She does nails? I'm going to go to She does nails? I'm going to go to Rihanna. I knew she did nails cuz last Rihanna. I knew she did nails cuz last Rihanna. I knew she did nails cuz last year I had StuCo with her, and I'd year I had StuCo with her, and I'd year I had StuCo with her, and I'd always be like, "Your nails look so always be like, "Your nails look so always be like, "Your nails look so good." She's like, "I did it myself." good." She's like, "I did it myself." good." She's like, "I did it myself." Rihanna, if you're watching this, hit me Rihanna, if you're watching this, hit me Rihanna, if you're watching this, hit me up because up because up because Hey vlog, it's Christian. What's up? You Hey vlog, it's Christian. What's up? You Hey vlog, it's Christian. What's up? You You tell them about your day. Okay. You tell them about your day. Okay. You tell them about your day. Okay. My day has been quite good. Uh started My day has been quite good. Uh started My day has been quite good. Uh started off with chem. Chemistry has been like off with chem. Chemistry has been like off with chem. Chemistry has been like It was easy. It was easy. It was easy. >> Yeah. I said my teacher kept on talking >> Yeah. I said my teacher kept on talking >> Yeah. I said my teacher kept on talking about like some syllabus, which was, you about like some syllabus, which was, you about like some syllabus, which was, you know, boring. Then second period know, boring. Then second period know, boring. Then second period Oh, you want to say hi? Hi. Oh, you want to say hi? Hi. Oh, you want to say hi? Hi. I'm like a pro at this. Oh, second I'm like a pro at this. Oh, second I'm like a pro at this. Oh, second period, I had creative writing, which I period, I had creative writing, which I period, I had creative writing, which I had like Ali and like a lot of friends had like Ali and like a lot of friends had like Ali and like a lot of friends in there, which was also good cuz I like in there, which was also good cuz I like in there, which was also good cuz I like writing, you know. Third is soccer, writing, you know. Third is soccer, writing, you know. Third is soccer, that's going to be cool. And then I'm that's going to be cool. And then I'm that's going to be cool. And then I'm going to fourth period right now. going to fourth period right now. going to fourth period right now. >> you do in soccer? Oh, soccer was He >> you do in soccer? Oh, soccer was He >> you do in soccer? Oh, soccer was He talked about the route. talked about the route. talked about the route. >> name? My name's Christian. Christian? >> name? My name's Christian. Christian? >> name? My name's Christian. Christian? Yeah. I'm Sharina. Oh, nice to meet you. Yeah. I'm Sharina. Oh, nice to meet you. Yeah. I'm Sharina. Oh, nice to meet you. >> knows you from the vlog. Yeah, I'm like >> knows you from the vlog. Yeah, I'm like >> knows you from the vlog. Yeah, I'm like a a a >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> You seen my edits? But yeah. But yeah. But yeah. Look at us on the main campus. It's Look at us on the main campus. It's Look at us on the main campus. It's literally so crowded. I'll let you go. literally so crowded. I'll let you go. literally so crowded. I'll let you go. Okay, bye. Bye vlog. Bye. Okay, bye. Bye vlog. Bye. Okay, bye. Bye vlog. Bye. Hey! Hey! Hey! You're so cute. You're so cute. You're so cute. That looks so good on you. Hey! HAPPY That looks so good on you. Hey! HAPPY That looks so good on you. Hey! HAPPY FIRST DAY. YOU LOOK SO PRETTY, GRACE. YOU LOOK SO PRETTY, GRACE. YOU LOOK SO PRETTY, GRACE. PEOPLE ARE CATFISH ME CUZ THEY'RE GOING PEOPLE ARE CATFISH ME CUZ THEY'RE GOING PEOPLE ARE CATFISH ME CUZ THEY'RE GOING to think I'm taller than I to think I'm taller than I to think I'm taller than I No, yeah, you are taller No, yeah, you are taller No, yeah, you are taller Like the whole outfit so Yeah, thank Like the whole outfit so Yeah, thank Like the whole outfit so Yeah, thank you. you. you. Oh my god, I love your shirt. You like her schedule? It's fine, no. You like her schedule? It's fine, no. You like her schedule? It's fine, no. How was first semester? It was really How was first semester? It was really How was first semester? It was really fun. fun. fun. Guys, it is like 80 No, no, not 80. It's Guys, it is like 80 No, no, not 80. It's Guys, it is like 80 No, no, not 80. It's like 100° outside. I'm burning. Like I'm like 100° outside. I'm burning. Like I'm like 100° outside. I'm burning. Like I'm burning. Yeah. burning. Yeah. burning. Yeah. And all of the buses are late, so we're And all of the buses are late, so we're And all of the buses are late, so we're just all stranded out here. This is like just all stranded out here. This is like just all stranded out here. This is like terrible. Are you the same bus? Yeah. terrible. Are you the same bus? Yeah. terrible. Are you the same bus? Yeah. Oh, that's great. Oh, that's great. Oh, that's great. Hello, guys. HOW WAS YOUR FIRST DAY? It Hello, guys. HOW WAS YOUR FIRST DAY? It Hello, guys. HOW WAS YOUR FIRST DAY? It was bad. It was bad. Oh, and it was hot was bad. It was bad. Oh, and it was hot was bad. It was bad. Oh, and it was hot out here. Really? I know, it's so hot. out here. Really? I know, it's so hot. out here. Really? I know, it's so hot. How was your first day? It was better How was your first day? It was better How was your first day? It was better than freshman year. It was better? Yeah. than freshman year. It was better? Yeah. than freshman year. It was better? Yeah. My classes are pretty good. But my My classes are pretty good. But my My classes are pretty good. But my fourth is actually All right, guys, we are back home from All right, guys, we are back home from All right, guys, we are back home from jail school. I mean, we're back home jail school. I mean, we're back home jail school. I mean, we're back home from school and it is time to do the from school and it is time to do the from school and it is time to do the recap of the first day of sophomore recap of the first day of sophomore recap of the first day of sophomore year. I did this last year for freshman year. I did this last year for freshman year. I did this last year for freshman year. I didn't vlog in any of my classes year. I didn't vlog in any of my classes year. I didn't vlog in any of my classes today, I think. I don't think I vlog in today, I think. I don't think I vlog in today, I think. I don't think I vlog in a single one just because I'm always a single one just because I'm always a single one just because I'm always kind of nervous to vlog in my classes on kind of nervous to vlog in my classes on kind of nervous to vlog in my classes on the first day. I have to like kind of the first day. I have to like kind of the first day. I have to like kind of see if the teacher is strict or chill. see if the teacher is strict or chill. see if the teacher is strict or chill. Good news, chemistry, that was actually Good news, chemistry, that was actually Good news, chemistry, that was actually pretty good. It was fine. It was like pretty good. It was fine. It was like pretty good. It was fine. It was like normal. First period teacher I think is normal. First period teacher I think is normal. First period teacher I think is chill. He seems like a normal teacher to chill. He seems like a normal teacher to chill. He seems like a normal teacher to me. Second period is entrepreneurship. I me. Second period is entrepreneurship. I me. Second period is entrepreneurship. I think that was my favorite period of the think that was my favorite period of the think that was my favorite period of the day just because my teacher is so chill. day just because my teacher is so chill. day just because my teacher is so chill. I'm excited to network with like-minded I'm excited to network with like-minded I'm excited to network with like-minded students who are also trying to be students who are also trying to be students who are also trying to be entrepreneurs. I actually made friends entrepreneurs. I actually made friends entrepreneurs. I actually made friends with a senior today. Shout out Gimo if with a senior today. Shout out Gimo if with a senior today. Shout out Gimo if you're watching this. Entrepreneurship you're watching this. Entrepreneurship you're watching this. Entrepreneurship was probably the most social class of was probably the most social class of was probably the most social class of the day. Like we talked the most. It the day. Like we talked the most. It the day. Like we talked the most. It seemed like everybody got comfortable seemed like everybody got comfortable seemed like everybody got comfortable with each other fairly quickly, which is with each other fairly quickly, which is with each other fairly quickly, which is great sign. The teacher said we're going great sign. The teacher said we're going great sign. The teacher said we're going to be doing business pitches at some to be doing business pitches at some to be doing business pitches at some point in the semester, so I'm curious to point in the semester, so I'm curious to point in the semester, so I'm curious to see like how that's going to go. I guess see like how that's going to go. I guess see like how that's going to go. I guess we're going to have to like present. we're going to have to like present. we're going to have to like present. When we walked in the room of When we walked in the room of When we walked in the room of entrepreneurship, guess what was on the entrepreneurship, guess what was on the entrepreneurship, guess what was on the board? board? board? Give you some time. It was a picture of Give you some time. It was a picture of Give you some time. It was a picture of Shark Tank. And so I was like, "Okay, we Shark Tank. And so I was like, "Okay, we Shark Tank. And so I was like, "Okay, we are talking business here." Literally. are talking business here." Literally. are talking business here." Literally. Third period is principles of business. Third period is principles of business. Third period is principles of business. One it entrepreneurship and psychology. One it entrepreneurship and psychology. One it entrepreneurship and psychology. I got placed in my alternative. It's I got placed in my alternative. It's I got placed in my alternative. It's fine. I'll just be all businessed out fine. I'll just be all businessed out fine. I'll just be all businessed out this semester, I guess. But I also like this semester, I guess. But I also like this semester, I guess. But I also like my third period because he's probably my third period because he's probably my third period because he's probably the most chill teacher, I would say. the most chill teacher, I would say. the most chill teacher, I would say. He's a football coach. You know how He's a football coach. You know how He's a football coach. You know how coaches are, right? Like they're just coaches are, right? Like they're just coaches are, right? Like they're just chill. He brought us candy for answering chill. He brought us candy for answering chill. He brought us candy for answering questions and it was just really nice. questions and it was just really nice. questions and it was just really nice. We had an assignment, but it was super We had an assignment, but it was super We had an assignment, but it was super easy. Okay, and then lunch. Ooh, maybe easy. Okay, and then lunch. Ooh, maybe easy. Okay, and then lunch. Ooh, maybe that was the best part of the day. I that was the best part of the day. I that was the best part of the day. I would say lunch was the best part of the would say lunch was the best part of the would say lunch was the best part of the day. Me and Shrina got there I think too day. Me and Shrina got there I think too day. Me and Shrina got there I think too early low-key, but we got a great table early low-key, but we got a great table early low-key, but we got a great table like by the window. You guys saw. And like by the window. You guys saw. And like by the window. You guys saw. And then fourth period. then fourth period. then fourth period. Let's talk about that. Let's talk about that. Let's talk about that. I need a schedule change. This is giving I need a schedule change. This is giving I need a schedule change. This is giving me flashbacks to last year. me flashbacks to last year. me flashbacks to last year. I'm in for some real trouble. Geometry, I'm in for some real trouble. Geometry, I'm in for some real trouble. Geometry, guys. guys. guys. First of all, it's fourth period, so First of all, it's fourth period, so First of all, it's fourth period, so it's the end of the day. Guys, I fell it's the end of the day. Guys, I fell it's the end of the day. Guys, I fell asleep in the class. I promise. Overall, asleep in the class. I promise. Overall, asleep in the class. I promise. Overall, I would say I'm happy with my schedule. I would say I'm happy with my schedule. I would say I'm happy with my schedule. Pretty much everyone I talked with today Pretty much everyone I talked with today Pretty much everyone I talked with today said they weren't happy with their said they weren't happy with their said they weren't happy with their schedule. If you really look at it, my schedule. If you really look at it, my schedule. If you really look at it, my classes are kind of like boring, but I classes are kind of like boring, but I classes are kind of like boring, but I always try and have a positive always try and have a positive always try and have a positive perspective in every aspect. I stepped perspective in every aspect. I stepped perspective in every aspect. I stepped out of my comfort zone today talking out of my comfort zone today talking out of my comfort zone today talking with like upperclassmen. It was a big with like upperclassmen. It was a big with like upperclassmen. It was a big change from last year because on the change from last year because on the change from last year because on the first day last year, I literally cried. first day last year, I literally cried. first day last year, I literally cried. Why am I bringing this up? It's gone. Why am I bringing this up? It's gone. Why am I bringing this up? It's gone. Fear's gone. I already have senior Fear's gone. I already have senior Fear's gone. I already have senior friends which I'm sad to leave. Shoutout friends which I'm sad to leave. Shoutout friends which I'm sad to leave. Shoutout Preesha. If you're watching this, Preesha. If you're watching this, Preesha. If you're watching this, shoutout. Happy senior year. Bus. Let me shoutout. Happy senior year. Bus. Let me shoutout. Happy senior year. Bus. Let me set you the scene, okay? 90° in the set you the scene, okay? 90° in the set you the scene, okay? 90° in the afternoon, high heels, heavy backpack, afternoon, high heels, heavy backpack, afternoon, high heels, heavy backpack, stress, crowdedness, overstimulation, stress, crowdedness, overstimulation, stress, crowdedness, overstimulation, looking for a bus that is 30 minutes looking for a bus that is 30 minutes looking for a bus that is 30 minutes late. It was actually so annoying. Like, late. It was actually so annoying. Like, late. It was actually so annoying. Like, I did see a couple of fine shites, but I did see a couple of fine shites, but I did see a couple of fine shites, but I'm not going to That's all I'm going to I'm not going to That's all I'm going to I'm not going to That's all I'm going to say. People watch my vlogs, so say. People watch my vlogs, so say. People watch my vlogs, so not trying to not trying to not trying to not trying to not trying to not trying to Nope. I'm good. So, the question of the Nope. I'm good. So, the question of the Nope. I'm good. So, the question of the day is how was your first day of school? day is how was your first day of school? day is how was your first day of school? Or, if you haven't gone back to school Or, if you haven't gone back to school Or, if you haven't gone back to school yet, are you excited for the first day? yet, are you excited for the first day? yet, are you excited for the first day? But yeah, today was a great day and I But yeah, today was a great day and I But yeah, today was a great day and I hope you guys enjoyed watching this hope you guys enjoyed watching this hope you guys enjoyed watching this video. If you enjoyed, make sure you video. If you enjoyed, make sure you video. If you enjoyed, make sure you comment the star emoji and I will see comment the star emoji and I will see comment the star emoji and I will see you in the next one. Peace out. Bye.