Shiv Shankar Shambhu brothers, people often Shiv Shankar Shambhu brothers, people often Shiv Shankar Shambhu brothers, people often ask me, don't you eat anything outside ask me, don't you eat anything outside ask me, don't you eat anything outside ?  But that is not the case at all, when ?  But that is not the case at all, when ?  But that is not the case at all, when I travel on weekends or am on vacation, I travel on weekends or am on vacation, I travel on weekends or am on vacation, I enjoy my favourite things. I enjoy my favourite things. I enjoy my favourite things. I have just come to Nashik.   It is the I have just come to Nashik.   It is the I have just come to Nashik.   It is the rainy season and the climate here is rainy season and the climate here is rainy season and the climate here is very good.  So, early in the morning, very good.  So, early in the morning, very good.  So, early in the morning, breakfast started with the famous Misal breakfast started with the famous Misal breakfast started with the famous Misal Pav which had approximately 650 Pav which had approximately 650 Pav which had approximately 650 calories.  A chilled butter milk with it has calories.  A chilled butter milk with it has calories.  A chilled butter milk with it has around 80 calories.  Then after that if you feel like around 80 calories.  Then after that if you feel like around 80 calories.  Then after that if you feel like eating something sweet then Budha eating something sweet then Budha eating something sweet then Budha Halwai's Jalebi is very famous here.  So, one Halwai's Jalebi is very famous here.  So, one Halwai's Jalebi is very famous here.  So, one plate of this contains four pieces of jalebi plate of this contains four pieces of jalebi plate of this contains four pieces of jalebi which has approximately 600 calories.  Then the which has approximately 600 calories.  Then the which has approximately 600 calories.  Then the mini samosas here are also famous which taste like Kachori. mini samosas here are also famous which taste like Kachori. mini samosas here are also famous which taste like Kachori. It contains approximately 300 It contains approximately 300 It contains approximately 300 calories.  Then after that we calories.  Then after that we calories.  Then after that we reached Sayantara where Sabudana Vada reached Sayantara where Sabudana Vada reached Sayantara where Sabudana Vada is very famous and this can be understood from the crowd of people. is very famous and this can be understood from the crowd of people. is very famous and this can be understood from the crowd of people. So one plate [music] So one plate [music] So one plate [music] comes with two sabudana vadas which had 500 calories. comes with two sabudana vadas which had 500 calories. comes with two sabudana vadas which had 500 calories. Then there is the famous pineapple Then there is the famous pineapple Then there is the famous pineapple juice which comes with ice cream, which is juice which comes with ice cream, which is juice which comes with ice cream, which is very tasty and has about 350 very tasty and has about 350 very tasty and has about 350 calories.  Then to try something new, there calories.  Then to try something new, there calories.  Then to try something new, there was Kadhi Bel here which is our was Kadhi Bel here which is our was Kadhi Bel here which is our lumps, we mix this curry in it lumps, we mix this curry in it lumps, we mix this curry in it and this entire plate had and this entire plate had and this entire plate had approximately 450 calories.  Then finally, approximately 450 calories.  Then finally, approximately 450 calories.  Then finally, after eating so much, after eating so much, after eating so much, cumin soda for digestion.  So this means today I cumin soda for digestion.  So this means today I cumin soda for digestion.  So this means today I consumed a total of 3150 calories.  But yes, today consumed a total of 3150 calories.  But yes, today consumed a total of 3150 calories.  But yes, today I ate so much.  But I also know I ate so much.  But I also know I ate so much.  But I also know how to balance it.  Tomorrow I will be how to balance it.  Tomorrow I will be how to balance it.  Tomorrow I will be back to my routine and will cut out these back to my routine and will cut out these back to my routine and will cut out these extra calories.  So extra calories.  So extra calories.  So fitness doesn't mean giving up the things you love fitness doesn't mean giving up the things you love fitness doesn't mean giving up the things you love forever, but forever, but forever, but enjoying them wisely and with balance. enjoying them wisely and with balance.