I have stopped eating unhealthy things. I have stopped eating unhealthy things. I have stopped eating unhealthy things. Now if we talk about burger, its taste is also Now if we talk about burger, its taste is also Now if we talk about burger, its taste is also healthy.  The chicken inside healthy.  The chicken inside healthy.  The chicken inside it is also healthy and the letters it is also healthy and the letters it is also healthy and the letters are healthy anyway.  So it means that this are healthy anyway.  So it means that this are healthy anyway.  So it means that this entire burger is healthy.  So I entire burger is healthy.  So I entire burger is healthy.  So I ordered two.  Brother, see ordered two.  Brother, see ordered two.  Brother, see in front of your eyes the same things which I have told you are absolutely in front of your eyes the same things which I have told you are absolutely in front of your eyes the same things which I have told you are absolutely healthy.  Let's quickly healthy.  Let's quickly healthy.  Let's quickly start eating and all that because I'm start eating and all that because I'm start eating and all that because I'm very hungry right now.  Firstly, the very hungry right now.  Firstly, the very hungry right now.  Firstly, the healthy thing does healthy thing does healthy thing does not even taste good.  We have to survive by adding ketchup. not even taste good.  We have to survive by adding ketchup. not even taste good.  We have to survive by adding ketchup. If we talk about the If we talk about the If we talk about the taste of the burger, it is just average.  Well taste of the burger, it is just average.  Well taste of the burger, it is just average.  Well brother, I have had breakfast early in the morning. brother, I have had breakfast early in the morning. brother, I have had breakfast early in the morning. Now let's go to college.  Brother, I have to Now let's go to college.  Brother, I have to Now let's go to college.  Brother, I have to go to college and get my admission done now, go to college and get my admission done now, go to college and get my admission done now, but I am unable to understand which but I am unable to understand which but I am unable to understand which subject I should take. Tell me all of you. It was subject I should take. Tell me all of you. It was subject I should take. Tell me all of you. It was very hot after coming home, so I thought that I should very hot after coming home, so I thought that I should very hot after coming home, so I thought that I should drink some cold Marish. It is not at drink some cold Marish. It is not at drink some cold Marish. It is not at all a high recommendation from my side. all a high recommendation from my side. all a high recommendation from my side. If I did not like it, then If I did not like it, then If I did not like it, then why would I use it for the entire month, and that too every why would I use it for the entire month, and that too every why would I use it for the entire month, and that too every day. It is finished now. First, let me prepare food etc., day. It is finished now. First, let me prepare food etc., day. It is finished now. First, let me prepare food etc., after that I will order Matches again for the after that I will order Matches again for the after that I will order Matches again for the next month. Today I again next month. Today I again next month. Today I again made such a sol with the help of milk only, which made such a sol with the help of milk only, which made such a sol with the help of milk only, which we can eat with blood. It is we can eat with blood. It is we can eat with blood. It is almost ready for us, but till the almost ready for us, but till the almost ready for us, but till the milk would get spoiled, milk would get spoiled, milk would get spoiled, I toasted the blood. Believe me, this I toasted the blood. Believe me, this I toasted the blood. Believe me, this sol turns out to be very yummy. sol turns out to be very yummy. sol turns out to be very yummy. If not, its recipe is given in the previous vlog. If not, its recipe is given in the previous vlog.