What's up, guys? It's Matt, and today What's up, guys? It's Matt, and today What's up, guys? It's Matt, and today I'm going to be teaching you the I'm going to be teaching you the I'm going to be teaching you the official "Dai Dai Shakira" FIFA dance in official "Dai Dai Shakira" FIFA dance in official "Dai Dai Shakira" FIFA dance in under a couple minutes. We're going to under a couple minutes. We're going to under a couple minutes. We're going to do it really fast here. It's really fun, do it really fast here. It's really fun, do it really fast here. It's really fun, really easy. You just have a big boom at really easy. You just have a big boom at really easy. You just have a big boom at the beginning, and then you have one the beginning, and then you have one the beginning, and then you have one more I like to kick, but you can do more I like to kick, but you can do more I like to kick, but you can do whatever you want there. And then you're whatever you want there. And then you're whatever you want there. And then you're going to hit a little 7 8. Hips just going to hit a little 7 8. Hips just going to hit a little 7 8. Hips just hitting forward, you're saying, "Come hitting forward, you're saying, "Come hitting forward, you're saying, "Come in, come here." First thing you're going in, come here." First thing you're going in, come here." First thing you're going to do when this song drops, the beat to do when this song drops, the beat to do when this song drops, the beat drops, you're going to go right [music] drops, you're going to go right [music] drops, you're going to go right [music] and two and three and ha. So, my knees and two and three and ha. So, my knees and two and three and ha. So, my knees are going out, I'm leaning down into the are going out, I'm leaning down into the are going out, I'm leaning down into the right. That's really important. want to right. That's really important. want to right. That's really important. want to be up here. That's going to be awkward. be up here. That's going to be awkward. be up here. That's going to be awkward. You want to be down to the side. Hey, You want to be down to the side. Hey, You want to be down to the side. Hey, two, three, other side, go hey, two, two, three, other side, go hey, two, two, three, other side, go hey, two, three, and ha. Then we're going to chug, three, and ha. Then we're going to chug, three, and ha. Then we're going to chug, step on that right foot, push, two, step on that right foot, push, two, step on that right foot, push, two, three, four. Then you're going to grab three, four. Then you're going to grab three, four. Then you're going to grab with your left hand, hey, six, seven, with your left hand, hey, six, seven, with your left hand, hey, six, seven, eight. And again, my knees are going eight. And again, my knees are going eight. And again, my knees are going out. Notice how I'm going down, leaning, out. Notice how I'm going down, leaning, out. Notice how I'm going down, leaning, like putting a lot of style and attitude like putting a lot of style and attitude like putting a lot of style and attitude in it. You don't want to keep this in it. You don't want to keep this in it. You don't want to keep this straight up, right? So, here, hey, hey. straight up, right? So, here, hey, hey. straight up, right? So, here, hey, hey. Then from here, really easy, I'm just Then from here, really easy, I'm just Then from here, really easy, I'm just going to go one, two. So, I'm stepping going to go one, two. So, I'm stepping going to go one, two. So, I'm stepping right, left. I'm going to hit three, right, left. I'm going to hit three, right, left. I'm going to hit three, kind of body rolling up to knock, and kind of body rolling up to knock, and kind of body rolling up to knock, and then I'm going to go a four and. So, then I'm going to go a four and. So, then I'm going to go a four and. So, just hitting out, hips again, you can just hitting out, hips again, you can just hitting out, hips again, you can add that for fun. And then you're going add that for fun. And then you're going add that for fun. And then you're going to hit a little five, six, seven, eight. to hit a little five, six, seven, eight. to hit a little five, six, seven, eight. Just grooving back, knees go out. That's Just grooving back, knees go out. That's Just grooving back, knees go out. That's it. That's the whole dance. So, from the it. That's the whole dance. So, from the it. That's the whole dance. So, from the top, we got boom, dot dot dot dot dot top, we got boom, dot dot dot dot dot top, we got boom, dot dot dot dot dot and boom, six and seven, eight. You go and boom, six and seven, eight. You go and boom, six and seven, eight. You go one, two, three, clap, other side. Hey, one, two, three, clap, other side. Hey, one, two, three, clap, other side. Hey, seven, you chug, go push, two, three, seven, you chug, go push, two, three, seven, you chug, go push, two, three, get low, five, six. Last part, you go get low, five, six. Last part, you go get low, five, six. Last part, you go and one, two, [music] and three, four and one, two, [music] and three, four and one, two, [music] and three, four and five, six, seven, eight. If you do and five, six, seven, eight. If you do and five, six, seven, eight. If you do this dance, make sure you tag me, tag this dance, make sure you tag me, tag this dance, make sure you tag me, tag Shakira. I can't wait to see your Shakira. I can't wait to see your Shakira. I can't wait to see your videos, and subscribe for more tutorials videos, and subscribe for more tutorials videos, and subscribe for more tutorials like this. I'll see you on the next one.