What is fatwood and can you really get decent fatwood from a big box store? Stick around because I'll answer both coming up after this. Hi I'm the OCD Hunter and I'm bringing you tips, tricks, DIY hacks and other useful ways that my OCD can help make your life a little bit more simpler. In this video I'm going to do a full product review of DuraFlames Fatwood. But before I do that let me go into a little bit of what fatwood is and what it's used for. Fatwood comes from the heartwood of pine trees. When a pine tree is damaged by weather, cut down or even just loses a limb the trees roots continue to send pitch to help peel itself. Pitch is that sticky tacky sap found in the wood. Pitch is rich in terpens which is highly flammable and used to make turpentine. It also gives the fatwood the resistance to rot by hardening the wood as it evaporates. A small amount of fatwood can be carried as a part of a tinder kit or in my case on any of my knives like my Mora Garberg or my Huntsman Victorinox. If you want to see either one of these knives survival mods I've designed, check the link in the description. Used sparingly this small piece of wood can start dozens of fires. Fatwood can even be used to start fire even in wet conditions and because it burns very hot it is ideal for igniting even very large pieces of wood. All this and it can be lit with only the smallest spark. In my opinion fatwood is the best natural fire starter available. I'll do a video on how to harvest natural fatwood at a later time but now that we have a good idea of what fatwood is let's see if the DuraFlame product is any good. DuraFlame advertises that it is 100% natural wood and I quote that it comes from the tree stumps of non-endangered pines that continue to absorb quick burning pitch after the trees have been felled. They also add that no new trees are cut down and no additives have been applied to their products. I tried to contact DuraFlame to have them elaborate a little bit more on the product and give me a little bit of their history but they never returned my email. I also want you to understand that I purchased this product this is mine and I'm doing the review on my own and I did a pretty thorough test on the DuraFlame fatwood and here are my findings. Before I started I placed a piece of fatwood in some water to soak so I could do some tests on that later but until then I first wanted to see how easily it was to light with just a lighter and then matches. Both lit the fatwood very easily with no issues even though there is limited surface area and the chunk of wood is pretty dense. You can see that the benefits of fatwood as a fire starter because of the quick ignition and more importantly the retention of the flame once lit. The stick lights up easily because of the hardened pitch that is throughout the wood and because you're able to control how long the heat source is applied. Next I followed the directions exactly on the box to see how well it did to start a fire in a fire pit or like a fireplace because let's face it some people may be watching this video for different reasons. Some may want the product for home use while others may want to use it as a survival item but I also want you to understand my view on product reviews. I want them to be honest accurate and all encompassing so when you leave the video not only do you get the information about the product but maybe you learn something as well. Now it rained pretty good the night before the test so it allowed me to get a good test because most of the wood was really saturated plus the day I did the test was really humid so you need to take that in consideration too. The box explains to put two or three pieces of fatwood crossing each other under some wood and light so I put three sticks down crossing it. I gave myself one match to start the fire. I used the match and the fatwood ignited nicely then I placed the wet wood over it. I was pleasantly surprised at how well the fatwood ignited this wet wood. I'm pretty confident that with this brand fatwood you could get whatever fire started you needed as long as you had matches or lighter on you. But what about a fair sea emerald? I wanted to put the Dura Flame Fatwood through some more strenuous tests so I first scraped a pile shredded fatwood off the stick using my knife spine. I used both my Knives of Alaska bush camp and my Mora guard bird just so I could compare the difference between how the two did. Then I pulled out my ferro rod to see if I could ignite it. As you can see the rich resin shavings had no problem igniting from the spark thrown off the ferro rod. And just to show you the lighter and the match lighted easily too. Now keep in mind that for this type of fire starting it's all about the thin shavings enriched with resin throughout those shavings. What happens is when you shave the pieces of fatwood off with a sharp spine you greatly increase the surface area of that fatwood that is going to be exposed to the sparks. Plus since the pieces are so thin they can quickly absorb the heat from the sparks to the point of ignition even though the sparks don't last very long. This is why I was able to ignite the pile of fatwood using ferro rod. Let me show you what I mean. Let's back up and I'll try to ignite the fatwood stick with a ferro rod. What you can see is without reducing it to the thin shavings the wood is unable to absorb enough heat to ignite. See for the wood to ignite there has to be a chemical breakdown of that wood called pyrolysis. This is where an item is heated up to the point that it begins to off gas and when the temperature reaches hot enough it ignites that gas given off by the wood. I go into more detail about this process in my char cloth video. To see it click the link above or see a link in the description. But to make a long story short if you just shave a little of the fatwood off the smaller shavings can absorb the heat more quickly reaching that ignition temperature and voila it ignites. Now we know the product did really well just lighting it with a matches and a lighter and also with scraping it down it did well with matches lighter and a ferro rod. But what happens if it gets wet? Now there's nothing on the box nor on Durer Flames website that says it's waterproof but there's plenty of blogs out there that say fatwood is waterproof. Let's check out and see what happens. This fatwood stick has been soaking for about 10 minutes. First let's try to ignite it with a lighter. As you can see the fatwood ignites pretty easily still and is able to sustain a flame. And with a match I get the same result. The reason I believe why is because the fatwood is so dense with the resin that not a lot of water is able to be absorbed into the wood. Now let's see what happens with trying to ignite it with a ferro rod. So I'm going to shave some fatwood off the wet piece and try it out. Once again I'm able to start the fatwood piled relatively for the same reason. That the resin dense piece of wood just doesn't allow a lot of water absorption. Also the lighter matches light the pile with ease too. Now let's take it one step further. I'll scrape off some fatwood into a pile of shavings then dip that pile into the water. As you can see I cannot get it started. Let's try lighting that pile with a lighter next. I'm still unable to ignite it so why will it not start now? In this situation what had given us an advantage to light the fire with a ferro rod when it was dry has now caused it to backfire on us. It's quite simple if you think about it. Since there is more surface area and thinner pieces it is now able to hold onto the water. Where the dense sticks won't absorb a lot of water quickly these small shavings hold the water like a sponge. Not necessarily in the wood itself but between the shavings. Since it holds the water the fatwood can no longer quickly absorb the heat and trying to ignite it with a spark from a ferro rod and really even from matches or a lighter has now become unreliable. So in my findings I would conclude that you could probably say that fatwood or at least DuraFlames fatwood is water resistant not really waterproof. So what do I think of this product? I think that I could use this product to start a fire in some pretty bad conditions just keeping in mind certain precautions and the biggest one being keeping your shavings dry. So there you have it you'll have to decide if the product's right for you but I'm going to continue to use it until I can go out and harvest my own natural fatwood. If you have any questions about safety with the product or product questions in general make sure you contact DuraFlame and if you want to support the channel and purchase your own check the description below there'll be a link. I'm the OCD Hunter and I hope that my continual painstaking practice of changing, fixing and improving on ideas will help you out in your endeavors. Don't forget to like and subscribe click the bell next to the subscribe button to get notified of new videos. Comments are always welcome.