Please welcome Baba Ji Anmol Garn.
What's up Bangalore you guys are ready to have
some fun.
People are saying that jobs are being lost because of AI.
I feel the opposite is happening in India.
Yes, jobs are being created because of AI.
Because people are creating resumes with AI. I have
a college friend. Ok? His
name is Bablu.
He is from Bihar. Look I'm not
stereotyping but her resume is very
bad. On
top of that, English is even worse. Once a
company rejected him because he had
written in his resume that I am from Bihar
Public School.
L Was Missing in Public. On
top of that he used to call the resume as resume. I am
telling HR that you have seen my resume.
HR BOL I REJECTING YOUR RESUME.
In 10 months he got only one interview call.
That too from a cockroach killing company. It is
not BJP.
Actual Actual is a cockroach killing company.
Then he created his resume with AI.
Six interview calls in 10 days. I asked
Bablu which AI tool did you use? said
Claudie.
Not Cloud. CloudD.
I am like thank god for the letter C in the
start
otherwise the AI ​​would have looked like a clumsy one.
Then I asked the AI ​​exactly how did you make it. He
said bro, I promoted the clumsy one like this. It is a p.r.
brother, I
saw its p.r. In the clumsy body, it had
written Hate Chat GPT
Hate Chat GBT. Make such a resume which
matches the job description 100%,
passes the ATS and looks like it has been made by a human being.
Wow,
I asked Bablu, how did you write this? He said,
"No, I picked this up from Chat GPT."
Now Bablu creates a new resume for every job.
Customized to that job. He has
50 versions of his own resume. This is
called 50 shades of resume.
In some resumes, Bablu is a tester, in others a
developer.
Bablu is the Johnny Sins of corporate.
Bro, can you imagine 50 resumes?
In the interview, HR says, "Give me your resume."
In return, V-One asks, "
And he's created such a resume, right?
He himself doesn't know what's on his resume."
Yes, ma'am, are
you Bablu?
He doesn't know what's on his resume
? HR is reading it during the interview. Wow, you've done
AIML divorce. Have you
even done open source? Or is Bablu reciting the Hanuman Chalisa in his mind?
But Bablu was selected for the next
round because HR didn't know anything either. The
next round was online. The interview.
Bablu used AI in that too. You
know, so many AI tools have come into the market
to cheat during online interviews. Do you
guys know that?
Of course, you will know them.
You guys must have too. I'll tell you how they
work. Basically, whatever question the interviewer
asks, the AI ​​listens
and gives you the answer in text. And
as a candidate, all you have to do is speak. And that
answer will be 100% correct. Because the
interviewer also generated the question from the AI. Do
you understand? These days, interviews are nothing
but AI answering questions. Which AI
itself generated. This is a paper leak.
Very neat.
Then Bablu was asked the last question. Do
you use AI? Bablu said yes. When was the
last time you used it? Bablu said, "I am
using it."
Not "use." Using. Present Continuous. The
interviewer doesn't suspect it. He knew. Bablu
's English is weak. Yes, at first he
said, "Have you seen my resume?"
At the end of the day, Bablu got the job.
Thanks to Clouddie.
Bablu called his villagers in Bihar and
said, "I have got a job." I have
become a manager." There are four employees
working under me. Villagers asked who? He
said Chat GPD Cloudy is the land pilot.
Villagers went crazy. Four Englishmen worked under our Bablu and
tortured him for 150 years. Now he is called Bablu's bootlicker.
He is called a slayer of life. But he is proud of AI
and Bablu knew nothing. Honestly, you
know, the company people would have fired him. You know,
but because of AI his job is saved. Yes,
AI is not creating jobs. It is also saving them.
Yes, because whatever work the manager gave to Bablu,
Bablu would give all that work to AI.
Bablu was just a middle man. He was an
agent.
This is called agentic AI.
Because of AI, Bablu's
salary slip was generated every month. This is called
generative AI.
Brother, they would have fired brother. Once
he had to write in the email, 'Keep in touch', he
wrote 'Keep touching'.
Cloudy has saved him.
Cloudy picked Bablu up from the streets and
made him a star. Guys, yes, first he He used to write in emails, "
I didn't do it."
Now he's writing, "I will accomplish it." The
moment I get done with it, and the next
print. You
see Bablu from Bihar speaking British English.
Then he's abusing Cloudy. Hey,
that's print, not sprint.
Before AI, we had to have a friend with whom we would get
our emails reviewed. Right?
Brother, someone please check if I made any mistake. This
is an important email. Yes or no?
That friend of Bablu's was me, guys.
Yes, but ever since AI came along, it doesn't need
me. It doesn't even talk to me.
Actually, AI is eating away at friendships, not jobs.
Think about it? Yes or no?
Yes. He only
sends me a WhatsApp message once a year. That too on my
birthday. Yes, that first line is, "
Here's your text to wish Anmol Garg on
his birthday."
And you know, AI consumes a lot of
water,
or a lot of water is needed to cool the servers.
No, according to estimates by 2013, AI will
consume as much water as 1.5 billion people.
So when they say AI will replace us, they don't mean never
jobs.
They mean us? This
guy is drinking our water.
In 2030, you're asking Cloudy
if there's any water left on Earth. Cloudy, like, no more.
And if AI needs so much water, then AI wo
n't work in a borewell because here we have hard
water. Did you
know you're giving water to AI and we have to
put a can in the middle?
Hema Malini is standing with a pipe,
yes, she stood there because that does
n't happen in Parliament. This won't work,
brother. It's not going to
work in major cities in India. It wo
n't come to Kolkata. It wo
n't come to Kolkata. After 50 years,
BJP has come there. Only
one thing reached there: Humba Humba
Ramba Ramba.
AI is going to work in Mumbai and Pune because
in Maharashtra they don't want workers
from outside to take away their jobs. It
turns out the political party has caught hold of AI.
AI replies in Marathi, should I go,
sir? It exists
in Gurgaon. It's not safe either. It
turns out the boys have taken a subscription to AI for
₹370.
Then they are telling Cloudy to send notes.
These are the people.
One state AI is afraid of entering is
Bihar.
They released a Bhojpuri song on
AI.
You guys have it, you guys have it, brother, in that song the
hero is telling the heroine, is it AI or has it given
someone a
resignation on moral grounds?
These people will go and do research, brother,
I have heard it,
you already listen,
then what do you feel like doing,
motivation comes, motivation comes
and to use advanced LLMs, right companies
need to buy AI tokens or and now these
companies are realizing these tokens are more
expensive than humans, man, so
why would a company get work done by AI
if the same work is being done for less money from
slaves, I mean employees? To get
work done from employees, you need to
give them only one token for a token of
appreciation.
After that, you can get the work done for free. You
can ask Cloudy to give you the premium version for
free. Otherwise, Cloudy will
reply with a C. That wo
n't work, bro. My conclusion is,
AI is only going to take away entry-level
jobs. Right? Which is fine. That's
evolution. That's progress.
This must have happened even when calculators came into existence. Yes or no? This must have happened even when
computers came into existence.
That's fine, right? And AI is very old.
It's not new technology. AI has been around since the time of Akbar.
Yes, Akbar had an AI, Birbal. He used to
ask for every session from him. When he used to
talk to Birbal, what was he? He was a pro. That's
why Birbal used to drink so much water. Yes, I did
research. From Cloudy.
I say everyone should use AI.
Just like Bablu recently used to.
Employee of the Year Award.
Thanks to you, do
n't say this in the office. Then it will be
your last working day. Yes.
Thanks to Cloudy?
But he's changed now. He doesn't hang out
with us. You know, he used to give liquor to his friends.
Now he's giving water to them. He's
completely changed, brother. Cloudy has changed his
personality. Fully come, you can't
recognize him too. I told him
congratulations. You've become Employee of
the Year. He told me, bro, you want a job, I'll get
you one too. Just send me your
resume.
Bablu is no longer Bablu. Is he an AI
or has he been given one somewhere? Brother, what a song to
listen to. Go to YouTube and listen to it now. And
comment on which joke you liked the most.
Subscribe to this channel. Click the bell icon,
and if you liked this video,
watch my next stand-up comedy video. It will appear on the next screen.
