Please welcome Baba Ji Anmol Garn. What's up Bangalore you guys are ready to have What's up Bangalore you guys are ready to have What's up Bangalore you guys are ready to have some fun. People are saying that jobs are being lost because of AI. People are saying that jobs are being lost because of AI. People are saying that jobs are being lost because of AI. I feel the opposite is happening in India. I feel the opposite is happening in India. Yes, jobs are being created because of AI. Yes, jobs are being created because of AI. Yes, jobs are being created because of AI. Because people are creating resumes with AI.   I have Because people are creating resumes with AI.   I have Because people are creating resumes with AI.   I have a college friend.  Ok?  His a college friend.  Ok?  His a college friend.  Ok?  His name is Bablu. name is Bablu. name is Bablu. He is from Bihar.  Look I'm not He is from Bihar.  Look I'm not He is from Bihar.  Look I'm not stereotyping but her resume is very stereotyping but her resume is very stereotyping but her resume is very bad.   On bad.   On bad.   On top of that, English is even worse.  Once a top of that, English is even worse.  Once a top of that, English is even worse.  Once a company rejected him because he had company rejected him because he had company rejected him because he had written in his resume that I am from Bihar written in his resume that I am from Bihar written in his resume that I am from Bihar Public School. Public School. Public School. L Was Missing in Public.   On top of that he used to call the resume as resume.   I am top of that he used to call the resume as resume.   I am top of that he used to call the resume as resume.   I am telling HR that you have seen my resume. telling HR that you have seen my resume. telling HR that you have seen my resume. HR BOL I REJECTING YOUR RESUME. In 10 months he got only one interview call. In 10 months he got only one interview call. In 10 months he got only one interview call. That too from a cockroach killing company.   It is That too from a cockroach killing company.   It is That too from a cockroach killing company.   It is not BJP. Actual Actual is a cockroach killing company. Actual Actual is a cockroach killing company. Actual Actual is a cockroach killing company. Then he created his resume with AI. Then he created his resume with AI. Then he created his resume with AI. Six interview calls in 10 days.  I asked Six interview calls in 10 days.  I asked Six interview calls in 10 days.  I asked Bablu which AI tool did you use?  said Bablu which AI tool did you use?  said Bablu which AI tool did you use?  said Claudie. Not Cloud.  CloudD. Not Cloud.  CloudD. Not Cloud.  CloudD. I am like thank god for the letter C in the I am like thank god for the letter C in the I am like thank god for the letter C in the start otherwise the AI ​​would have looked like a clumsy one. Then I asked the AI ​​exactly how did you make it. He Then I asked the AI ​​exactly how did you make it. He Then I asked the AI ​​exactly how did you make it. He said bro, I promoted the clumsy one like this. It is a p.r. said bro, I promoted the clumsy one like this. It is a p.r. brother, I saw its p.r. In the clumsy body, it had saw its p.r. In the clumsy body, it had saw its p.r. In the clumsy body, it had written Hate Chat GPT Hate Chat GBT. Make such a resume which Hate Chat GBT. Make such a resume which Hate Chat GBT. Make such a resume which matches the job description 100%, matches the job description 100%, matches the job description 100%, passes the ATS and looks like it has been made by a human being. passes the ATS and looks like it has been made by a human being. passes the ATS and looks like it has been made by a human being. Wow, Wow, Wow, I asked Bablu, how did you write this?  He said, I asked Bablu, how did you write this?  He said, I asked Bablu, how did you write this?  He said, "No, I picked this up from Chat GPT." Now Bablu creates a new resume for every job. Now Bablu creates a new resume for every job. Now Bablu creates a new resume for every job. Customized to that job. He has Customized to that job. He has Customized to that job. He has 50 versions of his own resume. This is 50 versions of his own resume. This is 50 versions of his own resume. This is called 50 shades of resume. called 50 shades of resume. called 50 shades of resume. In some resumes, Bablu is a tester, in others a In some resumes, Bablu is a tester, in others a In some resumes, Bablu is a tester, in others a developer. developer. developer. Bablu is the Johnny Sins of corporate. Bro, can you imagine 50 resumes? Bro, can you imagine 50 resumes? Bro, can you imagine 50 resumes? In the interview, HR says, "Give me your resume." In the interview, HR says, "Give me your resume." In the interview, HR says, "Give me your resume." In return, V-One asks, " And he's created such a resume, right? And he's created such a resume, right? And he's created such a resume, right? He himself doesn't know what's on his resume." He himself doesn't know what's on his resume." Yes, ma'am, are you Bablu? He doesn't know what's on his resume He doesn't know what's on his resume He doesn't know what's on his resume ? HR is reading it during the interview. Wow, you've done ? HR is reading it during the interview. Wow, you've done ? HR is reading it during the interview. Wow, you've done AIML divorce. Have you AIML divorce. Have you AIML divorce. Have you even done open source? Or is Bablu reciting the Hanuman Chalisa in his mind? even done open source? Or is Bablu reciting the Hanuman Chalisa in his mind? But Bablu was selected for the next But Bablu was selected for the next But Bablu was selected for the next round because HR didn't know anything either. The round because HR didn't know anything either. The round because HR didn't know anything either. The next round was online.  The interview. next round was online.  The interview. next round was online.  The interview. Bablu used AI in that too. You Bablu used AI in that too. You Bablu used AI in that too. You know, so many AI tools have come into the market know, so many AI tools have come into the market know, so many AI tools have come into the market to cheat during online interviews. Do you to cheat during online interviews. Do you to cheat during online interviews. Do you guys know that? guys know that? guys know that? Of course, you will know them. Of course, you will know them. Of course, you will know them. You guys must have too. I'll tell you how they You guys must have too. I'll tell you how they You guys must have too. I'll tell you how they work. Basically, whatever question the interviewer work. Basically, whatever question the interviewer work. Basically, whatever question the interviewer asks, the AI ​​listens asks, the AI ​​listens asks, the AI ​​listens and gives you the answer in text. And and gives you the answer in text. And and gives you the answer in text. And as a candidate, all you have to do is speak. And that as a candidate, all you have to do is speak. And that as a candidate, all you have to do is speak. And that answer will be 100% correct. Because the answer will be 100% correct. Because the answer will be 100% correct. Because the interviewer also generated the question from the AI. Do interviewer also generated the question from the AI. Do you understand? These days, interviews are nothing you understand? These days, interviews are nothing you understand? These days, interviews are nothing but AI answering questions. Which AI but AI answering questions. Which AI but AI answering questions. Which AI itself generated. This is a paper leak. itself generated. This is a paper leak. itself generated. This is a paper leak. Very neat. Then Bablu was asked the last question. Do Then Bablu was asked the last question. Do Then Bablu was asked the last question. Do you use AI? Bablu said yes. When was the you use AI? Bablu said yes. When was the you use AI? Bablu said yes. When was the last time you used it? Bablu said, "I am last time you used it? Bablu said, "I am last time you used it? Bablu said, "I am using it." Not "use." Using. Present Continuous. The interviewer doesn't suspect it. He knew.  Bablu interviewer doesn't suspect it. He knew.  Bablu interviewer doesn't suspect it. He knew.  Bablu 's English is weak. Yes, at first he 's English is weak. Yes, at first he 's English is weak. Yes, at first he said, "Have you seen my resume?" said, "Have you seen my resume?" said, "Have you seen my resume?" At the end of the day, Bablu got the job. Thanks to Clouddie. Bablu called his villagers in Bihar and Bablu called his villagers in Bihar and Bablu called his villagers in Bihar and said, "I have got a job."  I have said, "I have got a job."  I have said, "I have got a job."  I have become a manager." There are four employees become a manager." There are four employees become a manager." There are four employees working under me. Villagers asked who? He working under me. Villagers asked who? He working under me. Villagers asked who? He said Chat GPD Cloudy is the land pilot. Villagers went crazy. Four Englishmen worked under our Bablu and Villagers went crazy. Four Englishmen worked under our Bablu and tortured him for 150 years. Now he is called Bablu's bootlicker. tortured him for 150 years. Now he is called Bablu's bootlicker. tortured him for 150 years. Now he is called Bablu's bootlicker. He is called a slayer of life. But he is proud of AI He is called a slayer of life. But he is proud of AI He is called a slayer of life. But he is proud of AI and Bablu knew nothing. Honestly, you and Bablu knew nothing. Honestly, you and Bablu knew nothing. Honestly, you know, the company people would have fired him. You know, know, the company people would have fired him. You know, know, the company people would have fired him. You know, but because of AI his job is saved. Yes, but because of AI his job is saved. Yes, but because of AI his job is saved. Yes, AI is not creating jobs. It is also saving them. AI is not creating jobs. It is also saving them. AI is not creating jobs. It is also saving them. Yes, because whatever work the manager gave to Bablu, Yes, because whatever work the manager gave to Bablu, Yes, because whatever work the manager gave to Bablu, Bablu would give all that work to AI. Bablu would give all that work to AI. Bablu would give all that work to AI. Bablu was just a middle man. He was an Bablu was just a middle man. He was an Bablu was just a middle man. He was an agent. agent. agent. This is called agentic AI. Because of AI, Bablu's Because of AI, Bablu's Because of AI, Bablu's salary slip was generated every month. This is called salary slip was generated every month. This is called salary slip was generated every month. This is called generative AI. Brother, they would have fired brother. Once Brother, they would have fired brother. Once Brother, they would have fired brother. Once he had to write in the email, 'Keep in touch', he he had to write in the email, 'Keep in touch', he he had to write in the email, 'Keep in touch', he wrote 'Keep touching'. Cloudy has saved him. Cloudy has saved him. Cloudy has saved him. Cloudy picked Bablu up from the streets and Cloudy picked Bablu up from the streets and Cloudy picked Bablu up from the streets and made him a star. Guys, yes, first he  He used to write in emails, " made him a star. Guys, yes, first he  He used to write in emails, " made him a star. Guys, yes, first he  He used to write in emails, " I didn't do it." I didn't do it." I didn't do it." Now he's writing, "I will accomplish it." The Now he's writing, "I will accomplish it." The Now he's writing, "I will accomplish it." The moment I get done with it, and the next moment I get done with it, and the next moment I get done with it, and the next print. You see Bablu from Bihar speaking British English. see Bablu from Bihar speaking British English. see Bablu from Bihar speaking British English. Then he's abusing Cloudy. Hey, Then he's abusing Cloudy. Hey, Then he's abusing Cloudy. Hey, that's print, not sprint. Before AI, we had to have a friend with whom we would get Before AI, we had to have a friend with whom we would get Before AI, we had to have a friend with whom we would get our emails reviewed. Right? our emails reviewed. Right? our emails reviewed. Right? Brother, someone please check if I made any mistake. This Brother, someone please check if I made any mistake. This Brother, someone please check if I made any mistake. This is an important email. Yes or no? is an important email. Yes or no? is an important email. Yes or no? That friend of Bablu's was me, guys. That friend of Bablu's was me, guys. That friend of Bablu's was me, guys. Yes, but ever since AI came along, it doesn't need Yes, but ever since AI came along, it doesn't need Yes, but ever since AI came along, it doesn't need me. It doesn't even talk to me. me. It doesn't even talk to me. me. It doesn't even talk to me. Actually, AI is eating away at friendships, not jobs. Actually, AI is eating away at friendships, not jobs. Actually, AI is eating away at friendships, not jobs. Think about it? Yes or no? Think about it? Yes or no? Think about it? Yes or no? Yes. He only Yes. He only Yes. He only sends me a WhatsApp message once a year. That too on my sends me a WhatsApp message once a year. That too on my sends me a WhatsApp message once a year. That too on my birthday. Yes, that first line is, " birthday. Yes, that first line is, " birthday. Yes, that first line is, " Here's your text to wish Anmol Garg on Here's your text to wish Anmol Garg on Here's your text to wish Anmol Garg on his birthday." And you know, AI consumes a lot of And you know, AI consumes a lot of And you know, AI consumes a lot of water, water, water, or a lot of water is needed to cool the servers. or a lot of water is needed to cool the servers. or a lot of water is needed to cool the servers. No, according to estimates by 2013, AI will No, according to estimates by 2013, AI will No, according to estimates by 2013, AI will consume as much water as 1.5 billion people. consume as much water as 1.5 billion people. consume as much water as 1.5 billion people. So when they say AI will replace us, they don't mean never So when they say AI will replace us, they don't mean never So when they say AI will replace us, they don't mean never jobs. They mean us? This They mean us? This They mean us? This guy is drinking our water. guy is drinking our water. guy is drinking our water. In 2030, you're asking Cloudy In 2030, you're asking Cloudy In 2030, you're asking Cloudy if there's any water left on Earth. Cloudy, like, no more. And if AI needs so much water, then AI wo And if AI needs so much water, then AI wo And if AI needs so much water, then AI wo n't work in a borewell because here we have hard n't work in a borewell because here we have hard n't work in a borewell because here we have hard water. Did you water. Did you water. Did you know you're giving water to AI and we have to know you're giving water to AI and we have to know you're giving water to AI and we have to put a can in the middle? put a can in the middle? put a can in the middle? Hema Malini is standing with a pipe, yes, she stood there because that does yes, she stood there because that does yes, she stood there because that does n't happen in Parliament. This won't work, brother. It's not going to brother. It's not going to brother. It's not going to work in major cities in India. It wo work in major cities in India. It wo work in major cities in India. It wo n't come to Kolkata. It wo n't come to Kolkata. It wo n't come to Kolkata. It wo n't come to Kolkata. After 50 years, n't come to Kolkata. After 50 years, n't come to Kolkata. After 50 years, BJP has come there. Only BJP has come there. Only BJP has come there. Only one thing reached there: Humba Humba one thing reached there: Humba Humba one thing reached there: Humba Humba Ramba Ramba. AI is going to work in Mumbai and Pune because AI is going to work in Mumbai and Pune because AI is going to work in Mumbai and Pune because in Maharashtra they don't want workers in Maharashtra they don't want workers in Maharashtra they don't want workers from outside to take away their jobs.  It from outside to take away their jobs.  It from outside to take away their jobs.  It turns out the political party has caught hold of AI. turns out the political party has caught hold of AI. turns out the political party has caught hold of AI. AI replies in Marathi, should I go, AI replies in Marathi, should I go, AI replies in Marathi, should I go, sir? It exists in Gurgaon. It's not safe either. It turns out the boys have taken a subscription to AI for turns out the boys have taken a subscription to AI for turns out the boys have taken a subscription to AI for ₹370. ₹370. ₹370. Then they are telling Cloudy to send notes. These are the people. One state AI is afraid of entering is One state AI is afraid of entering is One state AI is afraid of entering is Bihar. Bihar. Bihar. They released a Bhojpuri song on They released a Bhojpuri song on They released a Bhojpuri song on AI. AI. AI. You guys have it, you guys have it, brother, in that song the You guys have it, you guys have it, brother, in that song the You guys have it, you guys have it, brother, in that song the hero is telling the heroine, is it AI or has it given hero is telling the heroine, is it AI or has it given hero is telling the heroine, is it AI or has it given someone a resignation on moral grounds? These people will go and do research, brother, These people will go and do research, brother, These people will go and do research, brother, I have heard it, I have heard it, I have heard it, you already listen, you already listen, you already listen, then what do you feel like doing, then what do you feel like doing, then what do you feel like doing, motivation comes, motivation comes motivation comes, motivation comes motivation comes, motivation comes and to use advanced LLMs, right companies and to use advanced LLMs, right companies and to use advanced LLMs, right companies need to buy AI tokens or and now these need to buy AI tokens or and now these need to buy AI tokens or and now these companies are realizing these tokens are more companies are realizing these tokens are more companies are realizing these tokens are more expensive than humans, man, so expensive than humans, man, so expensive than humans, man, so why would a company get work done by AI why would a company get work done by AI why would a company get work done by AI if the same work is being done for less money from if the same work is being done for less money from if the same work is being done for less money from slaves, I mean employees?  To get slaves, I mean employees?  To get slaves, I mean employees?  To get work done from employees, you need to work done from employees, you need to work done from employees, you need to give them only one token for a token of give them only one token for a token of give them only one token for a token of appreciation. appreciation. appreciation. After that, you can get the work done for free. You After that, you can get the work done for free. You After that, you can get the work done for free. You can ask Cloudy to give you the premium version for can ask Cloudy to give you the premium version for can ask Cloudy to give you the premium version for free. Otherwise, Cloudy will free. Otherwise, Cloudy will free. Otherwise, Cloudy will reply with a C. That wo n't work, bro. My conclusion is, n't work, bro. My conclusion is, n't work, bro. My conclusion is, AI is only going to take away entry-level AI is only going to take away entry-level AI is only going to take away entry-level jobs. Right? Which is fine. That's jobs. Right? Which is fine. That's jobs. Right? Which is fine. That's evolution. That's progress. evolution. That's progress. evolution. That's progress. This must have happened even when calculators came into existence. Yes or no? This must have happened even when This must have happened even when calculators came into existence. Yes or no? This must have happened even when This must have happened even when calculators came into existence. Yes or no? This must have happened even when computers came into existence. computers came into existence. computers came into existence. That's fine, right? And AI is very old. That's fine, right? And AI is very old. That's fine, right? And AI is very old. It's not new technology. AI has been around since the time of Akbar. It's not new technology. AI has been around since the time of Akbar. It's not new technology. AI has been around since the time of Akbar. Yes, Akbar had an AI, Birbal. He used to Yes, Akbar had an AI, Birbal. He used to Yes, Akbar had an AI, Birbal. He used to ask for every session from him. When he used to ask for every session from him. When he used to ask for every session from him. When he used to talk to Birbal, what was he? He was a pro. That's talk to Birbal, what was he? He was a pro. That's talk to Birbal, what was he? He was a pro. That's why Birbal used to drink so much water. Yes, I did why Birbal used to drink so much water. Yes, I did why Birbal used to drink so much water. Yes, I did research. From Cloudy. I say everyone should use AI. I say everyone should use AI. I say everyone should use AI. Just like Bablu recently used to. Just like Bablu recently used to. Just like Bablu recently used to. Employee of the Year Award. Thanks to you, do Thanks to you, do Thanks to you, do n't say this in the office. Then it will be n't say this in the office. Then it will be n't say this in the office. Then it will be your last working day. Yes. your last working day. Yes. your last working day. Yes. Thanks to Cloudy? Thanks to Cloudy? Thanks to Cloudy? But he's changed now. He doesn't hang out But he's changed now. He doesn't hang out But he's changed now. He doesn't hang out with us. You know, he used to give liquor to his friends. with us. You know, he used to give liquor to his friends. with us. You know, he used to give liquor to his friends. Now he's giving water to them. He's Now he's giving water to them. He's Now he's giving water to them. He's completely changed, brother. Cloudy has changed his completely changed, brother. Cloudy has changed his completely changed, brother. Cloudy has changed his personality. Fully come, you can't personality. Fully come, you can't personality. Fully come, you can't recognize him too. I told him recognize him too. I told him recognize him too. I told him congratulations. You've become Employee of congratulations. You've become Employee of congratulations. You've become Employee of the Year. He told me, bro, you want a job, I'll get the Year. He told me, bro, you want a job, I'll get the Year. He told me, bro, you want a job, I'll get you one too. Just send me your you one too. Just send me your you one too. Just send me your resume. Bablu is no longer Bablu. Is he an AI or has he been given one somewhere? Brother, what a song to or has he been given one somewhere? Brother, what a song to or has he been given one somewhere? Brother, what a song to listen to. Go to YouTube and listen to it now. And listen to. Go to YouTube and listen to it now. And listen to. Go to YouTube and listen to it now. And comment on which joke you liked the most. comment on which joke you liked the most. comment on which joke you liked the most. Subscribe to this channel. Click the bell icon, Subscribe to this channel. Click the bell icon, Subscribe to this channel. Click the bell icon, and if you liked this video, and if you liked this video, watch my next stand-up comedy video. It will appear on the next screen.