What's up everybody? Got home from work today, a little bit excited about this. So if anybody knows, I'm a little particular about how I take care of my boat. I'm always looking for a good product to keep my boat clean. Outside, inside, water spots, the motor, everything. So get home today to check this out. No, this is not a paid sponsorship. This is just because I like doing reviews on stuff that I'm hoping works great. We are going to try out the new all-in-one boat care kit from Boat Drip. That's right, Boat Drip. This kit comes with some cloths and pads to do your trailer, which I know the restore pad is good for. Exterior has a blend of protectant in it, so you can actually clean and protect your boat all at the same time. So we're going to give her a whirl and I'll show some results when we get it taken care of. Talk to you soon. Alright folks, so we're out here in the garage now. I'm going to stick my head in here and get going with this Boat Drip exterior. And like I said, I'm pretty picky on how I like to keep my boat clean and taken care of. I already did the inside real quick just to try it out on the seats and on the dash. And I'll flip the camera around here in a minute and show you all that. But just take and get a nice little light coat on here. We're going to try this out and see how she goes. She just kind of wipe on, wipe off. Give you that nice cloud. Very nice clean shine. Give it a little buff out. I'm going to flip my rag over here. I don't know if you all can see that shine, but there's a few water spots on here. I watched it the other day and never, never didn't have time to wipe it down. So we're knocking the water spots out. I'm getting it cleaned up. And I'll tell you what, you guys have never tried this probably the shine on the top. You guys never tried this product. This is my first time with a run at it. Like I said, this isn't not getting paid to shoot this video. I just wrote the company and told them, hey, I'd like to try your product out and give her a whirl. And I throw a little free advertisement up there for them on how it works. And you know what, be honest with you, I'm thoroughly impressed. That's pretty glossy shine, you know? That's a... here, hold on. I'm going to tell you, when I say glossy shine, I'm talking see your own reflection. You can see my reflection in a glossy shine. So it does a really good job. Kick them over, it's looking sharp on the cap now too. So let me walk you over here and take a little peek. We've got a couple of different cleaners for the interior here. They've got a deck cleaner, which is here. And then they also gave me an interior cleaner, which as you can see, probably catch the shine on the dash and cleaned up the dash, cleaned up the seats. Seemed to smooth them out real nice. They feel really good. I did a little bit of deck cleaner up front as far as getting some... I've got the vinyl decking, but it cleaned it up well. So I'm thoroughly impressed. Get the opportunity to go check them out, Boat Drip. I know they also offer a glass cleaner. They did not send that to me, so I don't get a chance to try that out, but that's okay. And I mean, the boat looks... I just wiped a couple of spots down on the outside, but the boat's looking pretty shiny. I'm impressed. I'm going to buff it out, get the polisher out and put a little polish on there. There's a little crooked here, but put a little polish on it. And hopefully me and mom are going to go hit the water this weekend. And hey, I like turning heads when I pull them in as far as I like keeping my boat clean. Let me tell you what, keeping a black boat clean is not a good time. So check them out. Boat Drip. I got the exterior. I got the interior. And I got the deck cleaner. I do believe there was one more in the kit that I hit... Oh, the restore. The restore. I forgot I hit the trailer with the restore. And the trailer was actually pretty dirty. I don't know if you guys can see there or not, but let me turn a little light on here for you. But you can actually see the powder coating, the rock powder coating on my trailer is just shining like it just came off the showroom floor. So like I said, I'm thoroughly impressed. I got the product here, folks. Try it out. Give it a whirl. Kit, I think, runs right around 119. For the full kit, that includes the four bottles, four rags. And then for the trailer, you get some microfiber pads for doing your restore products. And I mean, I did the tires and everything with it. So check them out. Boat Drip. Kind of like it. She's kind of shiny. Y'all have a good one. God bless. It's Brad from Michigan Outdoors Report. Have a great day. Take care.