Friends, we were at Friends, we were at Friends, we were at Ca and Lena's release party and of Ca and Lena's release party and of Ca and Lena's release party and of course I took you along again. course I took you along again. course I took you along again. The location was decorated so incredibly The location was decorated so incredibly The location was decorated so incredibly beautifully.  You could beautifully.  You could beautifully.  You could take lots of pictures here.  And here are take lots of pictures here.  And here are take lots of pictures here.  And here are the perfumes.  Oh my God.  And they the perfumes.  Oh my God.  And they the perfumes.  Oh my God.  And they smell incredibly good.  You won't believe it smell incredibly good.  You won't believe it smell incredibly good.  You won't believe it .  I can't even .  I can't even .  I can't even say which of the two scents is my favorite say which of the two scents is my favorite say which of the two scents is my favorite , because they both smell so incredibly good , because they both smell so incredibly good , because they both smell so incredibly good .  At 6 pm, Kamena and Sinan .  At 6 pm, Kamena and Sinan .  At 6 pm, Kamena and Sinan came down the stairs and then gave a came down the stairs and then gave a came down the stairs and then gave a speech, guys.  And it was so cute. speech, guys.  And it was so cute. speech, guys.  And it was so cute. I almost started crying along with them because I almost started crying along with them because I almost started crying along with them because they both started crying.  It they both started crying.  It they both started crying.  It was just so incredibly cute, really. was just so incredibly cute, really. was just so incredibly cute, really. If they had continued crying, I would have If they had continued crying, I would have If they had continued crying, I would have really started to really started to really started to cry myself.  There was, by the way, such delicious cry myself.  There was, by the way, such delicious cry myself.  There was, by the way, such delicious food.  The mini burgers were especially food.  The mini burgers were especially food.  The mini burgers were especially delicious, and oh my delicious, and oh my delicious, and oh my god, you could even have your god, you could even have your god, you could even have your perfume engraved on them.  I then had perfume engraved on them.  I then had perfume engraved on them.  I then had Priscilla engraved because I Priscilla engraved because I Priscilla engraved because I somehow like the name more than Stephanie.   That somehow like the name more than Stephanie.   That somehow like the name more than Stephanie.   That 's my middle name.  We got some more 's my middle name.  We got some more 's my middle name.  We got some more drinks and then sat down drinks and then sat down drinks and then sat down and guys, this video, it and guys, this video, it and guys, this video, it looks so iconic.  I don't know.  There was looks so iconic.  I don't know.  There was looks so iconic.  I don't know.  There was even a Rorka Kamata stand run by even a Rorka Kamata stand run by even a Rorka Kamata stand run by Nona.  Nuna was just there too, guys. Nona.  Nuna was just there too, guys. Nona.  Nuna was just there too, guys. And this Strawberry Match tastes so And this Strawberry Match tastes so And this Strawberry Match tastes so amazing, guys.  You don't get it.  Of course, amazing, guys.  You don't get it.  Of course, amazing, guys.  You don't get it.  Of course, I also had to taste-test the nine matchers with mango I also had to taste-test the nine matchers with mango I also had to taste-test the nine matchers with mango .  Guys, it .  Guys, it .  Guys, it tasted so delicious, even though I do tasted so delicious, even though I do tasted so delicious, even though I do n't usually like mango that much.  In the n't usually like mango that much.  In the n't usually like mango that much.  In the end, everyone got a goodie end, everyone got a goodie end, everyone got a goodie bag, guys.  And if you want to know bag, guys.  And if you want to know bag, guys.  And if you want to know what was inside, feel free to write it what was inside, feel free to write it what was inside, feel free to write it in the comments and then in the comments and then in the comments and then I'll gladly make it into a video.