Today is my day two to build a house worth Rs 1 crore through trading. Today is my day two to build a house worth Rs 1 crore through trading. I never thought something like this would happen today.  I woke up in the morning and I never thought something like this would happen today.  I woke up in the morning and I never thought something like this would happen today.  I woke up in the morning and saw that I had mistakenly saw that I had mistakenly saw that I had mistakenly bought two lots of gold instead of one last night. bought two lots of gold instead of one last night. bought two lots of gold instead of one last night. I was fully confident in my analysis I was fully confident in my analysis I was fully confident in my analysis that the market would take a reversal and that the market would take a reversal and that the market would take a reversal and I had made a downside entry in gold at night itself. I had made a downside entry in gold at night itself. I had made a downside entry in gold at night itself. And this morning I woke up, And this morning I woke up, And this morning I woke up, held the trade and went to my held the trade and went to my held the trade and went to my plot.  When I went there I saw that the household plot.  When I went there I saw that the household plot.  When I went there I saw that the household work was going on very fast.  And work was going on very fast.  And work was going on very fast.  And all the labourers were working hard and doing all the labourers were working hard and doing all the labourers were working hard and doing their work with dedication. their work with dedication. their work with dedication. Then I come back to my setup and Then I come back to my setup and Then I come back to my setup and see that I was making a good profit. see that I was making a good profit. see that I was making a good profit. Then I book the profit. Then I book the profit. Then I book the profit. This is my profit today.  So if you also want to This is my profit today.  So if you also want to This is my profit today.  So if you also want to join me in this journey and join me in this journey and join me in this journey and build your dream house and get A to build your dream house and get A to build your dream house and get A to Z knowledge of trading, then follow me.