Hey, when is the Hey, when is the Hey, when is the shooting time? Hey, eat food 100 times. Hey, eat food 100 times. Just want to satisfy your stomach or not? First eat and Just want to satisfy your stomach or not? First eat and Just want to satisfy your stomach or not? First eat and drink. drink. drink. Hey, at 1 o'clock, Hey, at 1 o'clock, Hey, at 1 o'clock, shooting is at 1:30, food is the first thing that needs to be done. shooting is at 1:30, food is the first thing that needs to be done. shooting is at 1:30, food is the first thing that needs to be done. Hey, the shooting of the film is going on. Call the food distribution and go quickly. Hey, the shooting of the film is going on. Call the food distribution and go quickly. Hey, the shooting of the film is going on. Call the food distribution and go quickly. Call it. Hey, Call it. Hey, Call it. Hey, go quickly. You have brought the film go quickly. You have brought the film go quickly. You have brought the film star hungry and hungry. You have made the film star star hungry and hungry. You have made the film star star hungry and hungry. You have made the film star sleep. First make it a flop and then leave it. Sir, it is taking Sir, it is taking Sir, it is taking so much time. so much time. so much time. Hey, sir, Hey, sir, no one becomes a star by wearing glasses. no one becomes a star by wearing glasses. no one becomes a star by wearing glasses. [laughs] And a man 's [laughs] And a man's 's [laughs] And a man's 's [laughs] And a man's And a man's [laughs] And a man's [laughs] And a man's [laughs] Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Start shooting and make it Start shooting and make it Start shooting and make it quickly. quickly. quickly. Okay [laughs] Okay [laughs] Okay [laughs] No, the glasses are off. glasses are off. glasses are off. Yes, come out quickly. But But But okay, okay, okay, sir, the camera is ready, ready, should sir, the camera is ready, ready, should sir, the camera is ready, ready, should I put it on? I put it on? I put it on? Hey, how are you doing? [laughs] I do [laughs] I do [laughs] I do n't eat food. Due to n't eat food. Due to n't eat food. Due to habit, sir, I am forced to chew work. It is a bitter thing. thing. thing. Hey, not in that, not in me. The Hey, not in that, not in me. The Hey, not in that, not in me. The camera is in that. I camera is in that. I camera is in that. I sit quietly and cut the chicken. sit quietly and cut the chicken. sit quietly and cut the chicken. [laughter] If you want to know know know then see then see then see okay it's as per your wish okay it's as per your wish okay it's as per your wish ok what do you think about the heroine hey heroine where should I go rekha after falling [music] so where should I go after falling to pieces so where should I go after falling to pieces so where should I go after falling to pieces hey sir hey sir hey sir look what will I do after falling to pieces [laughter] look what will I do after falling to pieces [laughter] look what will I do after falling to pieces [laughter] ok ok do your work heroine heroine heroine sir come what do you do sir come what do you do sir practice here then do a film sir practice here then do a film sir practice here then do a film good I like it come no no no a hero should ask a heroine somewhere yes yes what is the a hero should ask a heroine somewhere yes yes what is the a hero should ask a heroine somewhere yes yes what is the dialogue hey smart brother you have come dialogue hey smart brother you have come dialogue hey smart brother you have come oh no come ok do one work go and bring it like this you know you are very famous [laughter] yes so hero and heroine so I will take you to my home yes so hero and heroine so I will take you to my home yes so hero and heroine so I will take you to my home world world world quickly heroine yes ok sir ok I will quickly heroine yes ok sir ok I will quickly heroine yes ok sir ok I will give the cameraman ready yes sir ready sir give the cameraman ready yes sir ready sir give the cameraman ready yes sir ready sir heroine ready ready sir heroine ready ready sir hero is ready moh hero is ready moh hero is ready moh also ready also ready also ready action action action action action action me then in this quickly quote ahead hey there are few dialogues hey then where should I say heroine few dialogues hey then where should I say heroine few dialogues hey then where should I say heroine 's home world kechchi 's home world kechchi 's home world kechchi hey sirchi tochi hey sirchi tochi hey sirchi tochi ka mahi sir  Yes, I am ka mahi sir  Yes, I am sitting, go quickly apply flour powder sitting, go quickly apply flour powder sitting, go quickly apply flour powder okay okay just do crow biryani in front and behind, do your work son, respect the hero, it crow biryani in front and behind, do your work son, respect the hero, it looked good, no no no, looked good, no no no, hey makeup artist, how much time did it take, hey makeup artist, how much time did it take, hey makeup artist, how much time did it take, sir, sir, do your work, just a minute in sir, sir, do your work, just a minute in sir, sir, do your work, just a minute in English [laughs] okay okay, English [laughs] okay okay, English [laughs] okay okay, hurry up, hurry up, sir, makeup is done sir, makeup is done sir, makeup is done okay okay, go quickly, go away from the people, go okay okay, go quickly, go away from the people, go okay okay, go quickly, go away from the people, go quickly cameraman, cameraman, cameraman, why are you ready hey guys, cut cut, Kartik Aryan failed hey guys, cut cut, Kartik Aryan failed hey guys, cut cut, Kartik Aryan failed hey father, I am hey father, I am hey father, I am behind, then behind, then behind, then turn around turn around turn around hey learn from my darling, hey properly hey sir, double sir, hey sir, double sir, hey sir, double sir, double yes, double yes, double yes, extra expenses, expenses, extra expenses, expenses, extra expenses, expenses, household expenses see the shooting of half the case [laughter] see the shooting of half the case [laughter] see the shooting of half the case [laughter] see the shooting, turn on the light, you go turn on the light, okay, it's a see the shooting, turn on the light, you go turn on the light, okay, it's a see the shooting, turn on the light, you go turn on the light, okay, it's a star everything is ready, yes everything is ready, yes action everything is ready, yes everything is ready, yes action everything is ready, yes everything is ready, yes action sir, cut cut cut, hit the face light, hit the face light sir, cut cut cut, hit the face light, hit the face light sir, cut cut cut, hit the face light, hit the face light oh my god, no oh my god, no oh my god, no light, no second light, light, no second light, light, no second light, come [music] for the line of light, line of light, line of light, go to the bathroom go to the bathroom go to the bathroom second light, no, it's a second light, no, it's a second light, no, it's a dibri, it's a dibri, candle  It would have been better if you had brought it, wrist clay dibri clay dibri clay dibri without light connection without light connection without light connection oh my face is not in my mouth, oh my face is not in my mouth, oh my face is not in my mouth, I can't even eat without an apple I can't even eat without an apple I can't even eat without an apple oh emotions with oh emotions with oh emotions with love love love okay so okay so okay so without even a moment without even a moment without even a moment oh so much laughter listen to the story, listen to the camera, oh so much laughter listen to the story, listen to the camera, oh so much laughter listen to the story, listen to the camera, listen to the voice of my heart and listen to the voice of my heart and listen to the voice of my heart and said loudly, said loudly, hey director sahab, which hero, hey director sahab, which hero, hey director sahab, which hero, tell me, you should have done better than one, do it in tell me, you should have done better than one, do it in tell me, you should have done better than one, do it in action, in action, hold the camera in action, play the role of X, do action, in action, hold the camera in action, play the role of X, do n't joke, you are talking seriously, oh my god, you have n't joke, you are talking seriously, oh my god, you have n't joke, you are talking seriously, oh my god, you have made my life hell, made my life hell, made my life hell, for whom did you come friend wow wow wow, what a for whom did you come friend wow wow wow, what a for whom did you come friend wow wow wow, what a dialogue, super super, dialogue, super super, dialogue, super super, where did you learn that dialogue, where did you learn that dialogue, where did you learn that dialogue, cameraman, take this shot, cameraman, take this shot, cameraman, take this shot, yes show me the whole one, later get the next shot done, yes show me the whole one, later get the next shot done, yes show me the whole one, later get the next shot done, yes okay, do yes okay, do yes okay, do n't hit me in the chest n't hit me in the chest n't hit me in the chest I can't stay without tea even for a moment, I can't stay without tea even for a moment, I can't stay without tea even for a moment, director sahab, I am director sahab, I am director sahab, I am hungry after drinking tea, hungry after drinking tea, hungry after drinking tea, first have tea and breakfast sir, tea sir, tea sir, tea special, spicy chamcham chamachi with special, spicy chamcham chamachi with special, spicy chamcham chamachi with sugar, oh I would die.  [Music] Look, don't you look, hey, you have to get out Look, don't you look, hey, you have to get out Look, don't you look, hey, you have to get out of the shooting with your tongue, throw him out of the shooting with your tongue, throw him out of the shooting with your tongue, throw him out of the world too, you of the world too, you of the world too, you old lady [screaming] Release your dialogue, talk to yourself, Release your dialogue, talk to yourself, Release your dialogue, talk to yourself, yes, okay, okay, hey sir, you keep taking punches at the heroine, from hey sir, you keep taking punches at the heroine, from hey sir, you keep taking punches at the heroine, from where do you want to, pick up whatever you want, your where do you want to, pick up whatever you want, your where do you want to, pick up whatever you want, your film would have become a superhit, film would have become a superhit, film would have become a superhit, okay, if you bring whatever you want, it's like the okay, if you bring whatever you want, it's like the okay, if you bring whatever you want, it's like the line of a covered tapori, you bastard [Laughter] then the film is line of a covered tapori, you bastard [Laughter] then the film is line of a covered tapori, you bastard [Laughter] then the film is not a superhit, Golu, it's not not a superhit, Golu, it's not not a superhit, Golu, it's not okay, okay, okay, hey [Laughter] hey [Laughter] hey [Laughter] in the film, but the hero is your hero stop, you understand, hey, hey, wait, wait, stop, you understand, hey, hey, wait, wait, stop, you understand, hey, hey, wait, wait, wait, then later I wo later I wo n't even eat paan, but [Laughter] n't even eat paan, but [Laughter] n't even eat paan, but [Laughter] okay, then give me a good suit, it's of okay, then give me a good suit, it's of okay, then give me a good suit, it's of no use, concentrate on your work, start quickly, no use, concentrate on your work, start quickly, start quickly, yes, everything is ready, yes, Cameraman, start quickly, yes, everything is ready, yes, Cameraman, start quickly, yes, everything is ready, yes, Cameraman, yes, cameraman, and cameraman, don't look at me like a work swindler [Laughter] Cameraman, don't become a hero, go quickly, I will shoot, finish the film, so there is a become a hero, go quickly, I will shoot, finish the film, so there is a become a hero, go quickly, I will shoot, finish the film, so there is a scene of a hero playing the guitar, where does he scene of a hero playing the guitar, where does he scene of a hero playing the guitar, where does he leave and impersonate, leave and impersonate, leave and impersonate, hey  So did you play the guitar or not, don't you know? hey  So did you play the guitar or not, don't you know? hey  So did you play the guitar or not, don't you know? Yes sir, yes I know, oh, tribals are not Yes sir, yes I know, oh, tribals are not Yes sir, yes I know, oh, tribals are not playing dholki or mandar, okay, okay, okay, okay, yes, yes, okay, okay, ready playing dholki or mandar, okay, okay, okay, okay, yes, yes, okay, okay, ready [screaming] hey, my love, what a kill, okay [laughs] wow, what are you saying, super, too, tongue, oh my god wow, what are you saying, super, too, tongue, oh my god wow, what are you saying, super, too, tongue, oh my god fantastic, fantastic, fantastic, okay, do it today, the shooting will be over, pack up, you will feel like a okay, do it today, the shooting will be over, pack up, you will feel like a okay, do it today, the shooting will be over, pack up, you will feel like a family man, and family man, and family man, and I will get everyone's number on Google, then I will get the I will get everyone's number on Google, then I will get the I will get everyone's number on Google, then I will get the money, money, money, director sahab and director sahab and director sahab and [screaming] hey, [screaming] hey, [screaming] hey, cameraman, where are you, cameraman, where are you, cameraman, where are you, come quickly, come quickly, come quickly, where is the shooting, I am not in the mood for where is the shooting, I am not in the mood for where is the shooting, I am not in the mood for shooting, bata fish, shooting, bata fish, shooting, bata fish, bata kata fish, bone bone, show the bata kata fish, bone bone, show the clip, show the clip, it is clip, show the clip, it is clip, show the clip, it is super, we will earn money from the film, hey hey hey hey, director sir, hey, director sir, hey, director sir, where are you, where is the where are you, where is the where are you, where is the problem, what's the problem problem, what's the problem problem, what's the problem [laughter], [laughter], [laughter], memory, see, memory, see, memory, see, how are you, it's how are you, it's how are you, it's not a suit hey