A dream that everyone has is to have a beautiful house and that A dream that everyone has is to have a beautiful house and that A dream that everyone has is to have a beautiful house and that too in Jaipur.  Yes, people of Jaipur, now we too in Jaipur.  Yes, people of Jaipur, now we too in Jaipur.  Yes, people of Jaipur, now we will become neighbours.  There is such a big hall in this house will become neighbours.  There is such a big hall in this house will become neighbours.  There is such a big hall in this house that I can sit on the sofa set and that I can sit on the sofa set and that I can sit on the sofa set and watch TV and if I feel like it, I can study a little watch TV and if I feel like it, I can study a little watch TV and if I feel like it, I can study a little because there are so many aesthetic book because there are so many aesthetic book because there are so many aesthetic book shelves here.  Now that we have AC uncle, there is shelves here.  Now that we have AC uncle, there is shelves here.  Now that we have AC uncle, there is no tension of heat and look, the flowers look absolutely no tension of heat and look, the flowers look absolutely no tension of heat and look, the flowers look absolutely real.  After that is this dining real.  After that is this dining real.  After that is this dining table, right in front of which is such a beautiful mirror. table, right in front of which is such a beautiful mirror. table, right in front of which is such a beautiful mirror. Now let me show you my cute little Now let me show you my cute little Now let me show you my cute little kitchen, on one side of which is a kitchen, on one side of which is a kitchen, on one side of which is a fridge.  Hmm.  Is there anything in the fridge?   I fridge.  Hmm.  Is there anything in the fridge?   I fridge.  Hmm.  Is there anything in the fridge?   I drink some cold drink.  Cold drink some cold drink.  Cold drink some cold drink.  Cold Peggy.  On the other side is this chimney and induction Peggy.  On the other side is this chimney and induction Peggy.  On the other side is this chimney and induction and all the utensils and spices are kept in all the cabinets. and all the utensils and spices are kept in all the cabinets. and all the utensils and spices are kept in all the cabinets. Hey, there's Bonavita too.  I Hey, there's Bonavita too.  I Hey, there's Bonavita too.  I eat a little.  You know, like we used to steal food in our childhood. eat a little.  You know, like we used to steal food in our childhood. eat a little.  You know, like we used to steal food in our childhood. Now let me tell you how many Now let me tell you how many Now let me tell you how many rooms are there in it.  So this is the first room which is very rooms are there in it.  So this is the first room which is very rooms are there in it.  So this is the first room which is very beautiful and simple and an office chair is also beautiful and simple and an office chair is also beautiful and simple and an office chair is also kept here.  Next to this room is a washroom kept here.  Next to this room is a washroom kept here.  Next to this room is a washroom linked to the hall and just in front of it is linked to the hall and just in front of it is linked to the hall and just in front of it is another room.  But it has an attached balcony, attached another room.  But it has an attached balcony, attached another room.  But it has an attached balcony, attached washroom and such a big cupboard. washroom and such a big cupboard. washroom and such a big cupboard. By the way, what's on the balcony?  Trees, plants, By the way, what's on the balcony?  Trees, plants, By the way, what's on the balcony?  Trees, plants, washing machines.  Now before showing the last room, washing machines.  Now before showing the last room, washing machines.  Now before showing the last room, look at this.  We have found a table for ironing in the hall. look at this.  We have found a table for ironing in the hall. look at this.  We have found a table for ironing in the hall. And brother, the last room is And brother, the last room is And brother, the last room is so beautiful, right next to the kitchen, it has so beautiful, right next to the kitchen, it has so beautiful, right next to the kitchen, it has such a big cupboard, attached washroom and attached such a big cupboard, attached washroom and attached such a big cupboard, attached washroom and attached balcony also.  Actually, we are going to stay in this three BHK for balcony also.  Actually, we are going to stay in this three BHK for balcony also.  Actually, we are going to stay in this three BHK for a week.  But my a week.  But my a week.  But my dream is that I too should have such a dream is that I too should have such a dream is that I too should have such a beautiful house.  Why only mine?  May all of you have such a beautiful house.  Why only mine?  May all of you have such a beautiful house.  Why only mine?  May all of you have such a beautiful home.  Radhe beautiful home.  Radhe beautiful home.  Radhe Radhe.