That's insane. Heat. [music] Heat. >> [music] >> Hi vlog. >> Hi vlog. >> Hi vlog. I'm really going for it tonight with the I'm really going for it tonight with the I'm really going for it tonight with the checkers and the red car. checkers and the red car. checkers and the red car. I'm just checking in. This vlog I feel I'm just checking in. This vlog I feel I'm just checking in. This vlog I feel like is well I kind of I knew I wanted like is well I kind of I knew I wanted like is well I kind of I knew I wanted to like capture this trip but I didn't to like capture this trip but I didn't to like capture this trip but I didn't know whether I wanted to like vlog and know whether I wanted to like vlog and know whether I wanted to like vlog and post it because I just want to be like post it because I just want to be like post it because I just want to be like present and enjoying myself basically. present and enjoying myself basically. present and enjoying myself basically. really felt like I needed this trip to really felt like I needed this trip to really felt like I needed this trip to like switch off and just I wanted to like switch off and just I wanted to like switch off and just I wanted to come here. So, just to like really enjoy come here. So, just to like really enjoy come here. So, just to like really enjoy it, but also knew how like amazing it it, but also knew how like amazing it it, but also knew how like amazing it would be and how I'm going to want to would be and how I'm going to want to would be and how I'm going to want to watch this back and like show people and watch this back and like show people and watch this back and like show people and just capture the how beautiful just capture the how beautiful just capture the how beautiful everything is. But I hope you're still everything is. But I hope you're still everything is. But I hope you're still enjoying. I love like videos like this. enjoying. I love like videos like this. enjoying. I love like videos like this. Like before I go to bed at night, I Like before I go to bed at night, I Like before I go to bed at night, I watch camping videos, trips like this, watch camping videos, trips like this, watch camping videos, trips like this, just anything like calming. I hope this just anything like calming. I hope this just anything like calming. I hope this is like a relaxing watch for you and is like a relaxing watch for you and is like a relaxing watch for you and that you enjoy it. I know it's probably that you enjoy it. I know it's probably that you enjoy it. I know it's probably a little bit different, but maybe it's a little bit different, but maybe it's a little bit different, but maybe it's nice. And if you do enjoy it, let me nice. And if you do enjoy it, let me nice. And if you do enjoy it, let me know cuz I'd love to like capture my know cuz I'd love to like capture my know cuz I'd love to like capture my trips in the future. But yeah, it's so trips in the future. But yeah, it's so trips in the future. But yeah, it's so beautiful here. I'm having the best beautiful here. I'm having the best beautiful here. I'm having the best time. The horse riding this morning was time. The horse riding this morning was time. The horse riding this morning was like actually magical. I was saying to like actually magical. I was saying to like actually magical. I was saying to Greg like I feel like I'm in my books. Greg like I feel like I'm in my books. Greg like I feel like I'm in my books. Like when we were going through all the Like when we were going through all the Like when we were going through all the trees and like there was all the trees and like there was all the trees and like there was all the colorful plant uh all the colorful colorful plant uh all the colorful colorful plant uh all the colorful flowers and like animals and stuff, I flowers and like animals and stuff, I flowers and like animals and stuff, I was like this is made up. Like this is was like this is made up. Like this is was like this is made up. Like this is can't be real. But because of the can't be real. But because of the can't be real. But because of the Canadian wildfires, it is a bit like I Canadian wildfires, it is a bit like I Canadian wildfires, it is a bit like I don't know if you've probably like not don't know if you've probably like not don't know if you've probably like not noticed, but normally over there you can noticed, but normally over there you can noticed, but normally over there you can see like all of the mountains. I feel see like all of the mountains. I feel see like all of the mountains. I feel like you could see a bit of this like you could see a bit of this like you could see a bit of this morning, but yeah, it's definitely morning, but yeah, it's definitely morning, but yeah, it's definitely clearer in the mornings and then the clearer in the mornings and then the clearer in the mornings and then the smoke looks like seems a little bit smoke looks like seems a little bit smoke looks like seems a little bit thicker. Um, but we're up super early thicker. Um, but we're up super early thicker. Um, but we're up super early tomorrow to go to Yellowstone, which I'm tomorrow to go to Yellowstone, which I'm tomorrow to go to Yellowstone, which I'm like so excited for. I think we're like so excited for. I think we're like so excited for. I think we're getting picked up at like 6:30, so I'm getting picked up at like 6:30, so I'm getting picked up at like 6:30, so I'm really hoping because we're early, one, really hoping because we're early, one, really hoping because we're early, one, it's clearer, and two, we get to see it's clearer, and two, we get to see it's clearer, and two, we get to see some wildlife. some wildlife. some wildlife. So far, I've only seen elk, which are So far, I've only seen elk, which are So far, I've only seen elk, which are wonderful, but I would also like to see wonderful, but I would also like to see wonderful, but I would also like to see some bison. But yeah, just wanted to some bison. But yeah, just wanted to some bison. But yeah, just wanted to jump in and quickly speak to you [music] jump in and quickly speak to you [music] jump in and quickly speak to you [music] guys. >> [music] >> There's two. No, just one. No, just one. No, just one. >> Oh, yeah. Wait. >> Oh, yeah. Wait. >> Oh, yeah. Wait. So, there's 10,000 So, there's 10,000 So, there's 10,000 [music] of these thermal beaches in [music] of these thermal beaches in [music] of these thermal beaches in Yellowstone. Like nuts. Wow. Wow. Wow. Look at it go. Wow. Wow. Wow. Look at it go. Wow. Wow. Wow. Look at it go. >> Wow. >> Wow. >> Wow. >> That is amazing. These are my mugs that I'm going to get. >> This one's for you. >> This one's for you. >> This one's for you. >> This one's for me. >> This one's for me. >> This one's for me. >> What do you think? >> What do you think? >> What do you think? >> I love it. Fully support it. >> I love it. Fully support it. >> I love it. Fully support it. >> 120. Okay. >> 120. Okay. >> 120. Okay. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. >> [snorts] >> 1036. >> 1036. >> 1036. >> Jeez. >> Jeez. >> Jeez. >> Yeah, you definitely don't pop there. >> Yeah, you definitely don't pop there. >> Yeah, you definitely don't pop there. >> You definitely don't want it >> You definitely don't want it >> You definitely don't want it >> be very painful. >> be very painful. >> be very painful. >> Yeah, >> I think this is the best view I've ever >> I think this is the best view I've ever >> I think this is the best view I've ever seen in my life. >> [music] >> We couldn't tell whether it was a wolf >> We couldn't tell whether it was a wolf >> We couldn't tell whether it was a wolf or a coyote, or a coyote, or a coyote, but it's a coyote. I can confirm. but it's a coyote. I can confirm. but it's a coyote. I can confirm. Thanks, Thanks, Thanks, You can see his nose is like real sharp You can see his nose is like real sharp You can see his nose is like real sharp and pointed. and pointed. and pointed. >> Yeah. This is I think the most [music] insane This is I think the most [music] insane This is I think the most [music] insane lunch spot I've ever had in my life. lunch spot I've ever had in my life. lunch spot I've ever had in my life. Wow. Wow. Wow. See the duckies? See the duckies? See the duckies? cuz they're babies. The bison are in rot right now, so The bison are in rot right now, so The bison are in rot right now, so they're mating. So, there's loads of they're mating. So, there's loads of they're mating. So, there's loads of them just all together. Oh my goodness. them just all together. Oh my goodness. them just all together. Oh my goodness. Wow. What a view to get to see them like from What a view to get to see them like from What a view to get to see them like from up here. They are humongous. They are humongous. They are humongous. Oh Oh Oh wow. >> Did I underell it? >> Did I underell it? >> Did I underell it? >> No. >> No. >> No. >> It's like being on another planet. >> Wa. >> So today was >> So today was >> So today was insane. Like insane. I can't even put it insane. Like insane. I can't even put it insane. Like insane. I can't even put it into words and I was just looking at the into words and I was just looking at the into words and I was just looking at the pictures and like they just don't do it pictures and like they just don't do it pictures and like they just don't do it justice. Like seeing it with your own justice. Like seeing it with your own justice. Like seeing it with your own eyes was insane. I couldn't even fathom eyes was insane. I couldn't even fathom eyes was insane. I couldn't even fathom I what I was seeing most of the time. I what I was seeing most of the time. I what I was seeing most of the time. But I hope you enjoyed coming along. I'm But I hope you enjoyed coming along. I'm But I hope you enjoyed coming along. I'm ready for dinner now and I want to show ready for dinner now and I want to show ready for dinner now and I want to show you my outfit cuz it's really cute. I you my outfit cuz it's really cute. I you my outfit cuz it's really cute. I rented some pieces from the vintage rented some pieces from the vintage rented some pieces from the vintage Mar. I went in there before this trip Mar. I went in there before this trip Mar. I went in there before this trip and I got this beautiful and I got this beautiful and I got this beautiful baby. She's actually more like pinky. baby. She's actually more like pinky. baby. She's actually more like pinky. She looks quite red on here, but she's She looks quite red on here, but she's She looks quite red on here, but she's actually more of a like, actually more of a like, actually more of a like, how would I describe this color? Like a how would I describe this color? Like a how would I describe this color? Like a plum. And then also, I'm wearing them. plum. And then also, I'm wearing them. plum. And then also, I'm wearing them. So, you're going to see the dogs, but So, you're going to see the dogs, but So, you're going to see the dogs, but these Manolos. This is my fit. I don't these Manolos. This is my fit. I don't these Manolos. This is my fit. I don't even think you can see the full of me. even think you can see the full of me. even think you can see the full of me. And these jeans are the rodeo jeans from And these jeans are the rodeo jeans from And these jeans are the rodeo jeans from Frame. Um they're boot cut and they've Frame. Um they're boot cut and they've Frame. Um they're boot cut and they've been perfect this trip and they're so been perfect this trip and they're so been perfect this trip and they're so flattering. But yeah, I think it's such flattering. But yeah, I think it's such flattering. But yeah, I think it's such a good idea if you don't want to commit a good idea if you don't want to commit a good idea if you don't want to commit to pieces and you just want to have them to pieces and you just want to have them to pieces and you just want to have them for a trip or an event or something like for a trip or an event or something like for a trip or an event or something like that. Oh, and my top is from I don't that. Oh, and my top is from I don't that. Oh, and my top is from I don't know, but I'll link it. But yeah, time know, but I'll link it. But yeah, time know, but I'll link it. But yeah, time for some dinner. >> [music] >> Hopefully it's not too loud. I'm outside >> Hopefully it's not too loud. I'm outside >> Hopefully it's not too loud. I'm outside and there's a wedding, so there's a bit and there's a wedding, so there's a bit and there's a wedding, so there's a bit of background noise, but should be fine. of background noise, but should be fine. of background noise, but should be fine. Just thought I'd close this off. This Just thought I'd close this off. This Just thought I'd close this off. This morning was so nice. We went to a hike. morning was so nice. We went to a hike. morning was so nice. We went to a hike. It's called Uso Falls. If you have any It's called Uso Falls. If you have any It's called Uso Falls. If you have any questions about any of the places or questions about any of the places or questions about any of the places or anything, just comment them and I'll anything, just comment them and I'll anything, just comment them and I'll I'll um like write the names and I'll um like write the names and I'll um like write the names and everything. Also, I put on my Instagram everything. Also, I put on my Instagram everything. Also, I put on my Instagram before I came thinking about getting the before I came thinking about getting the before I came thinking about getting the Fujif film because I love my Olympus Fujif film because I love my Olympus Fujif film because I love my Olympus like actual film camera and I go through like actual film camera and I go through like actual film camera and I go through so many rolls of film on trips and like so many rolls of film on trips and like so many rolls of film on trips and like obviously sometimes you just don't get obviously sometimes you just don't get obviously sometimes you just don't get the shot that you wanted and like if you the shot that you wanted and like if you the shot that you wanted and like if you have like if you like shooting film then have like if you like shooting film then have like if you like shooting film then you'll know what I mean. But yeah, it's you'll know what I mean. But yeah, it's you'll know what I mean. But yeah, it's just like sometimes a bit temperamental. just like sometimes a bit temperamental. just like sometimes a bit temperamental. Although it's so rewarding and like Although it's so rewarding and like Although it's so rewarding and like beautiful, but I feel like for trips beautiful, but I feel like for trips beautiful, but I feel like for trips like this, like I just feel like it's so like this, like I just feel like it's so like this, like I just feel like it's so nice to be able to shoot as much as you nice to be able to shoot as much as you nice to be able to shoot as much as you want as well. And then like and change want as well. And then like and change want as well. And then like and change the settings and like even just with the settings and like even just with the settings and like even just with things like you know different lightings things like you know different lightings things like you know different lightings and stuff like that. It's just nice to and stuff like that. It's just nice to and stuff like that. It's just nice to have like a bit more control. So I mean have like a bit more control. So I mean have like a bit more control. So I mean I put it on my Instagram and literally I put it on my Instagram and literally I put it on my Instagram and literally every single answer was like yes, you every single answer was like yes, you every single answer was like yes, you should get it. So obviously everyone should get it. So obviously everyone should get it. So obviously everyone that has it loves it. But one of my that has it loves it. But one of my that has it loves it. But one of my friends was like, "I have one. Like, you friends was like, "I have one. Like, you friends was like, "I have one. Like, you can play around with it." I went to his can play around with it." I went to his can play around with it." I went to his for dinner. Let me just ask him if I can for dinner. Let me just ask him if I can for dinner. Let me just ask him if I can borrow it for my trip and like give it a borrow it for my trip and like give it a borrow it for my trip and like give it a go and just like see what I think and go and just like see what I think and go and just like see what I think and stuff. Guys, it's so good. Like, it's so stuff. Guys, it's so good. Like, it's so stuff. Guys, it's so good. Like, it's so good. I'm literally going to buy one as good. I'm literally going to buy one as good. I'm literally going to buy one as soon as I get home. I wonder if you can soon as I get home. I wonder if you can soon as I get home. I wonder if you can get like surely you can get different get like surely you can get different get like surely you can get different lenses and stuff because obviously the lenses and stuff because obviously the lenses and stuff because obviously the only thing this trip has been like no only thing this trip has been like no only thing this trip has been like no zoom. Um, zoom. Um, zoom. Um, but I've loved it just as a point and but I've loved it just as a point and but I've loved it just as a point and shoot. Like I've been like I played shoot. Like I've been like I played shoot. Like I've been like I played around with the settings before I like around with the settings before I like around with the settings before I like came and before we went on like days out came and before we went on like days out came and before we went on like days out because I wanted it to be like set up so because I wanted it to be like set up so because I wanted it to be like set up so I could just like have I just had it I could just like have I just had it I could just like have I just had it around my neck literally this whole trip around my neck literally this whole trip around my neck literally this whole trip and just was like taking so many and just was like taking so many and just was like taking so many pictures. It's been so fun to shoot with pictures. It's been so fun to shoot with pictures. It's been so fun to shoot with and like I've been switching like the and like I've been switching like the and like I've been switching like the film um has like a film simulation film um has like a film simulation film um has like a film simulation setting and it has like loads of setting and it has like loads of setting and it has like loads of different settings that you can like different settings that you can like different settings that you can like play around with. I used the classic play around with. I used the classic play around with. I used the classic chrome most of the time. I'm obviously chrome most of the time. I'm obviously chrome most of the time. I'm obviously going to post them on Instagram. So, and going to post them on Instagram. So, and going to post them on Instagram. So, and I feel like I might get a lot of I feel like I might get a lot of I feel like I might get a lot of questions on the camera and the questions on the camera and the questions on the camera and the settings. I mean, I can obviously do a settings. I mean, I can obviously do a settings. I mean, I can obviously do a breakdown if anyone's interested, but breakdown if anyone's interested, but breakdown if anyone's interested, but it's amazing. This is the V 100V, not it's amazing. This is the V 100V, not it's amazing. This is the V 100V, not the 100 V1 or 100 VI, so I don't know the 100 V1 or 100 VI, so I don't know the 100 V1 or 100 VI, so I don't know how they differ, honestly. I've just how they differ, honestly. I've just how they differ, honestly. I've just been sitting here looking through the been sitting here looking through the been sitting here looking through the pictures. I think I'm going to get one pictures. I think I'm going to get one pictures. I think I'm going to get one of those books where it's like a trip of those books where it's like a trip of those books where it's like a trip book, you know, like a coffee table book book, you know, like a coffee table book book, you know, like a coffee table book and like put all of the camera pictures and like put all of the camera pictures and like put all of the camera pictures in there cuz I just feel like it would in there cuz I just feel like it would in there cuz I just feel like it would be so special to look back on this trip. be so special to look back on this trip. be so special to look back on this trip. Even this vlog like I'm going to Even this vlog like I'm going to Even this vlog like I'm going to treasure like I've been looking at the treasure like I've been looking at the treasure like I've been looking at the clips and like I really will treasure clips and like I really will treasure clips and like I really will treasure this vlog and try and relive what I've this vlog and try and relive what I've this vlog and try and relive what I've gone through this weekend by this vlog. gone through this weekend by this vlog. gone through this weekend by this vlog. So, I hope you enjoyed it. I know it So, I hope you enjoyed it. I know it So, I hope you enjoyed it. I know it might have been a little bit different might have been a little bit different might have been a little bit different and maybe boring to some people, but I and maybe boring to some people, but I and maybe boring to some people, but I love watching things like this. So, love watching things like this. So, love watching things like this. So, yeah, maybe it was something different. yeah, maybe it was something different. yeah, maybe it was something different. And I hope you found it relaxing or And I hope you found it relaxing or And I hope you found it relaxing or inspiring to take a trip or something inspiring to take a trip or something inspiring to take a trip or something like that. But I can't wait to just go like that. But I can't wait to just go like that. But I can't wait to just go to more places in the future. This has to more places in the future. This has to more places in the future. This has literally been like a once in a-lifetime literally been like a once in a-lifetime literally been like a once in a-lifetime trip. Um, we've stayed at the Montage uh trip. Um, we've stayed at the Montage uh trip. Um, we've stayed at the Montage uh in Big Sky. Would highly recommend. They in Big Sky. Would highly recommend. They in Big Sky. Would highly recommend. They are incredible. This whole trip has been are incredible. This whole trip has been are incredible. This whole trip has been incredible. every single excursion and incredible. every single excursion and incredible. every single excursion and guide and like everything has been so guide and like everything has been so guide and like everything has been so special. I can't it's like I felt so special. I can't it's like I felt so special. I can't it's like I felt so emotional yesterday because just how emotional yesterday because just how emotional yesterday because just how incredible the day was and I just incredible the day was and I just incredible the day was and I just couldn't believe that I was getting to couldn't believe that I was getting to couldn't believe that I was getting to experience it and I was getting to see experience it and I was getting to see experience it and I was getting to see that. Yeah, I just feel so lucky and so that. Yeah, I just feel so lucky and so that. Yeah, I just feel so lucky and so happy and I really felt like I needed happy and I really felt like I needed happy and I really felt like I needed this trip and yeah, I just feel so lucky this trip and yeah, I just feel so lucky this trip and yeah, I just feel so lucky to have experienced what I have the past to have experienced what I have the past to have experienced what I have the past few days and I hope you guys felt like few days and I hope you guys felt like few days and I hope you guys felt like you were along with me for a little bit. you were along with me for a little bit. you were along with me for a little bit. Yeah, I hope you guys have enjoyed and Yeah, I hope you guys have enjoyed and Yeah, I hope you guys have enjoyed and I'll see you in the next one.