Today we are going to reach a height of 14,000 feet. Today we are going to reach a height of 14,000 feet. Today we are going to reach a height of 14,000 feet. Finally, after crossing all the difficult tracks, Finally, after crossing all the difficult tracks, Finally, after crossing all the difficult tracks, we reached here. Here we reached here. Here we reached here. Here we got our entry done and here we got our entry done and here we got our entry done and here every country has its own every country has its own every country has its own entry. This is our first point where entry. This is our first point where entry. This is our first point where we stayed and we could we stayed and we could we stayed and we could not believe that after crossing such a difficult track, after reaching so high, we suddenly reached an not believe that after crossing such a difficult track, after reaching so high, we suddenly reached an not believe that after crossing such a difficult track, after reaching so high, we suddenly reached an open field.  While open field.  While open field.  While passing by, no one can even imagine passing by, no one can even imagine passing by, no one can even imagine that after going up there will be an open field.   The that after going up there will be an open field.   The that after going up there will be an open field.   The park must have been built.  People will eat and drink.   Not park must have been built.  People will eat and drink.   Not park must have been built.  People will eat and drink.   Not only this, there are two or three more points above this. only this, there are two or three more points above this. only this, there are two or three more points above this. I will show that to you guys as well. I will show that to you guys as well. I will show that to you guys as well. You guys did not skip the video at all. You guys did not skip the video at all. You guys did not skip the video at all. We We We stayed for 10-15 minutes.  Made some picture videos, stayed for 10-15 minutes.  Made some picture videos, stayed for 10-15 minutes.  Made some picture videos, enjoyed hot pakodas.  After that we enjoyed hot pakodas.  After that we enjoyed hot pakodas.  After that we left from here.  We saw this place left from here.  We saw this place left from here.  We saw this place where such lovely flowers had grown.   I where such lovely flowers had grown.   I where such lovely flowers had grown.   I mean, you guys see it yourself and tell me, this place looks no mean, you guys see it yourself and tell me, this place looks no mean, you guys see it yourself and tell me, this place looks no less than a filmy place.  And when I less than a filmy place.  And when I less than a filmy place.  And when I went further, I saw my haters there too. went further, I saw my haters there too. went further, I saw my haters there too. Like look, completely Like look, completely Like look, completely ignoring the haters, we went ahead and reached this place. ignoring the haters, we went ahead and reached this place. ignoring the haters, we went ahead and reached this place. Check it out, friend.  This place looks no less than heaven. Check it out, friend.  This place looks no less than heaven. Check it out, friend.  This place looks no less than heaven. This water that is flowing is This water that is flowing is This water that is flowing is called black water.  And it is called black water.  And it is called black water.  And it is so peaceful here.  This place so peaceful here.  This place so peaceful here.  This place looks no less than a dreamy place.  We looks no less than a dreamy place.  We looks no less than a dreamy place.  We stayed here for about three-four hours.  Well, there stayed here for about three-four hours.  Well, there stayed here for about three-four hours.  Well, there is a point above this also but we said no friend, is a point above this also but we said no friend, is a point above this also but we said no friend, we will stay here and we will stay here and we will stay here and enjoy here, this is the place, there is a enjoy here, this is the place, there is a enjoy here, this is the place, there is a different kind of peace here, we different kind of peace here, we different kind of peace here, we sat here and ate dal-rice and sat here and ate dal-rice and sat here and ate dal-rice and drank hot tea, after that we drank hot tea, after that we drank hot tea, after that we sat for a long time with our feet dipped in the water, sitting here only one sat for a long time with our feet dipped in the water, sitting here only one sat for a long time with our feet dipped in the water, sitting here only one thought is coming to my mind that friend, thought is coming to my mind that friend, thought is coming to my mind that friend, where have I seen this place before, it where have I seen this place before, it where have I seen this place before, it seems like a world of dreams, Dream Plaza seems like a world of dreams, Dream Plaza seems like a world of dreams, Dream Plaza loves water very much.  He too was loves water very much.  He too was loves water very much.  He too was very happy here and said that this place is really very happy here and said that this place is really very happy here and said that this place is really more beautiful than what he had heard about it.  Well, more beautiful than what he had heard about it.  Well, more beautiful than what he had heard about it.  Well, we stayed here for three-four hours. we stayed here for three-four hours. we stayed here for three-four hours. After that we left from here After that we left from here After that we left from here because it was getting evening.  After leaving from there because it was getting evening.  After leaving from there because it was getting evening.  After leaving from there we directly reached the hotel.  As soon as we arrived, we directly reached the hotel.  As soon as we arrived, we directly reached the hotel.  As soon as we arrived, we also ordered food. we also ordered food. we also ordered food. Our food has also arrived here. Our food has also arrived here. Our food has also arrived here. Today's meal is mutton kadhai.  Alfredo is pasta.   It Today's meal is mutton kadhai.  Alfredo is pasta.   It Today's meal is mutton kadhai.  Alfredo is pasta.   It is lentils.  After Parisa had her meal, she is lentils.  After Parisa had her meal, she is lentils.  After Parisa had her meal, she enjoyed dessert.  had tea.  Tomorrow we will go to enjoyed dessert.  had tea.  Tomorrow we will go to enjoyed dessert.  had tea.  Tomorrow we will go to Upper Kachura Lake and Song Valley. Upper Kachura Lake and Song Valley. Upper Kachura Lake and Song Valley. Follow the channel to see her vlogs.  Ok, bye. Follow the channel to see her vlogs.  Ok, bye. Follow the channel to see her vlogs.  Ok, bye.