Ladies and gentlemen, put your hands Ladies and gentlemen, put your hands Ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together to welcome to the stage Dr. together to welcome to the stage Dr. together to welcome to the stage Dr. Jason Young. Okay, that was too long. Okay, that was too long. Okay, that was too long. That was too long. Uh, I'm very happy That was too long. Uh, I'm very happy That was too long. Uh, I'm very happy you guys are here with me because this you guys are here with me because this you guys are here with me because this year, ladies and gentlemen, this year year, ladies and gentlemen, this year year, ladies and gentlemen, this year 2024, I celebrate 10 years. 10 years of 2024, I celebrate 10 years. 10 years of 2024, I celebrate 10 years. 10 years of me quitting my job as a medical doctor me quitting my job as a medical doctor me quitting my job as a medical doctor and being a full-time comedian. 10 and being a full-time comedian. 10 and being a full-time comedian. 10 years, ladies. Yeah. Thank you. Thank years, ladies. Yeah. Thank you. Thank years, ladies. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you very much. you very much. you very much. Now, every year I tour Australia and Now, every year I tour Australia and Now, every year I tour Australia and last year an Australian reviewer last year an Australian reviewer last year an Australian reviewer summarized my career as medicine's loss summarized my career as medicine's loss summarized my career as medicine's loss is comedy's loss. is comedy's loss. is comedy's loss. And uh nowadays uh I'm very privileged And uh nowadays uh I'm very privileged And uh nowadays uh I'm very privileged because I get to travel and perform because I get to travel and perform because I get to travel and perform comedy outside of Malaysia. It's very comedy outside of Malaysia. It's very comedy outside of Malaysia. It's very nice, you know, and sometimes I find nice, you know, and sometimes I find nice, you know, and sometimes I find myself in a city surrounded by people myself in a city surrounded by people myself in a city surrounded by people who may not know who I am or what I do who may not know who I am or what I do who may not know who I am or what I do for a living, which can be quite jarring for a living, which can be quite jarring for a living, which can be quite jarring because back in Malaysia, I'm very because back in Malaysia, I'm very because back in Malaysia, I'm very famous. Hey, [\h__\h] you. I'm very famous. That's the mark of someone truly famous That's the mark of someone truly famous That's the mark of someone truly famous when he has to say [\h__\h] you. I'm famous. when he has to say [\h__\h] you. I'm famous. when he has to say [\h__\h] you. I'm famous. Okay, that's No, but no, this can happen Okay, that's No, but no, this can happen Okay, that's No, but no, this can happen at the passport control at the airport, at the passport control at the airport, at the passport control at the airport, you know, immigration line or in an you know, immigration line or in an you know, immigration line or in an Uber, they don't know who I am. And they Uber, they don't know who I am. And they Uber, they don't know who I am. And they ask me quite nicely. They ask me, hey, ask me quite nicely. They ask me, hey, ask me quite nicely. They ask me, hey, what do you do for a living? And after what do you do for a living? And after what do you do for a living? And after 10 years of doing this, I know the 10 years of doing this, I know the 10 years of doing this, I know the moment I say I'm a stand-up comedian, moment I say I'm a stand-up comedian, moment I say I'm a stand-up comedian, because standup comedy is rare, rare and because standup comedy is rare, rare and because standup comedy is rare, rare and unique profession, right? The moment I unique profession, right? The moment I unique profession, right? The moment I say I'm a stand-up comedian, I know the say I'm a stand-up comedian, I know the say I'm a stand-up comedian, I know the next 10 minutes will be just [\h__\h] next 10 minutes will be just [\h__\h] next 10 minutes will be just [\h__\h] questions which nobody wants to answer. questions which nobody wants to answer. questions which nobody wants to answer. You know, like, hey, you're a comedian. You know, like, hey, you're a comedian. You know, like, hey, you're a comedian. You know Russell Peters. You know Russell Peters. You know Russell Peters. Hey, you're a comedian. You know Uncle Hey, you're a comedian. You know Uncle Hey, you're a comedian. You know Uncle Roger. As if I know these [\h__\h] Okay, Roger. As if I know these [\h__\h] Okay, Roger. As if I know these [\h__\h] Okay, just know me enough, right? And the just know me enough, right? And the just know me enough, right? And the worst one, the worst one. Hey, you're a worst one, the worst one. Hey, you're a worst one, the worst one. Hey, you're a comedian. Tell me a joke. So, after 10 years of doing this, can I So, after 10 years of doing this, can I So, after 10 years of doing this, can I see the situation about to unfold? I see the situation about to unfold? I see the situation about to unfold? I know the question is coming. I don't know the question is coming. I don't know the question is coming. I don't want to talk to them when they ask me, want to talk to them when they ask me, want to talk to them when they ask me, "Hey, what do you do for a living?" "Hey, what do you do for a living?" "Hey, what do you do for a living?" Immediately I go, "I'm with Herbal Life. Nobody wants to talk to me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Here's a passport. Go [\h__\h] off." But yes, uh it's nice to travel. And But yes, uh it's nice to travel. And But yes, uh it's nice to travel. And last year uh was a nice year for me last year uh was a nice year for me last year uh was a nice year for me because last year I traveled and did because last year I traveled and did because last year I traveled and did comedy in the United States of America. comedy in the United States of America. comedy in the United States of America. That's right. Yeah. It's uh the big That's right. Yeah. It's uh the big That's right. Yeah. It's uh the big market for comedy, the mecca of comedy. market for comedy, the mecca of comedy. market for comedy, the mecca of comedy. I did shows in New York, San Francisco, I did shows in New York, San Francisco, I did shows in New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and even parts of Canada. Los Angeles, and even parts of Canada. Los Angeles, and even parts of Canada. It was very nice. But a very unfortunate It was very nice. But a very unfortunate It was very nice. But a very unfortunate byproduct of the journey is that I met a byproduct of the journey is that I met a byproduct of the journey is that I met a lot of American white guys. lot of American white guys. lot of American white guys. And American white guys are a very And American white guys are a very And American white guys are a very special subspecies special subspecies special subspecies of humans of humans of humans because every single American white guy because every single American white guy because every single American white guy I met sincerely believe that they have I met sincerely believe that they have I met sincerely believe that they have the power to make a difference and save the power to make a difference and save the power to make a difference and save the world. Each one of them himself one the world. Each one of them himself one the world. Each one of them himself one person can make a difference and save person can make a difference and save person can make a difference and save the world. Very optimistic. Very the world. Very optimistic. Very the world. Very optimistic. Very different from Asian people. You ask any different from Asian people. You ask any different from Asian people. You ask any Asian person, hey bro, you want to make Asian person, hey bro, you want to make Asian person, hey bro, you want to make a difference and save the world? No, no, a difference and save the world? No, no, a difference and save the world? No, no, no. I want to make money and save for no. I want to make money and save for no. I want to make money and save for retirement. Okay, very different. retirement. Okay, very different. retirement. Okay, very different. We got no time to save the world. Very We got no time to save the world. Very We got no time to save the world. Very sorry. Okay, there's a lot of sorry. Okay, there's a lot of sorry. Okay, there's a lot of differences between us, right? But in differences between us, right? But in differences between us, right? But in that regard, we are the most different. that regard, we are the most different. that regard, we are the most different. And I think it's because of our And I think it's because of our And I think it's because of our upbringing. You know uh when children upbringing. You know uh when children upbringing. You know uh when children reach a certain age where they can ask reach a certain age where they can ask reach a certain age where they can ask their parents the existential question. their parents the existential question. their parents the existential question. Mommy, daddy, where did I come from? Now Mommy, daddy, where did I come from? Now Mommy, daddy, where did I come from? Now American parents, you see this in the American parents, you see this in the American parents, you see this in the media, in the pop culture. American media, in the pop culture. American media, in the pop culture. American parents will paint the most beautiful parents will paint the most beautiful parents will paint the most beautiful picture to answer that question. Mommy, picture to answer that question. Mommy, picture to answer that question. Mommy, daddy, where did I come from? Oh, daddy, where did I come from? Oh, daddy, where did I come from? Oh, darling, you were born in heaven. darling, you were born in heaven. darling, you were born in heaven. Then the angels wrapped you in the white Then the angels wrapped you in the white Then the angels wrapped you in the white cloth. And then the bird, the stalk cloth. And then the bird, the stalk cloth. And then the bird, the stalk picked you up, flew across the sky picked you up, flew across the sky picked you up, flew across the sky through the clouds, came out to our through the clouds, came out to our through the clouds, came out to our house and dropped you in our arms. Oh, house and dropped you in our arms. Oh, house and dropped you in our arms. Oh, so beautiful. Of course, with that kind so beautiful. Of course, with that kind so beautiful. Of course, with that kind of origin story, of course, they can of origin story, of course, they can of origin story, of course, they can save the world, right? You're the save the world, right? You're the save the world, right? You're the prophet. You're the Messiah. Of course. prophet. You're the Messiah. Of course. prophet. You're the Messiah. Of course. Think about it. The angels delivered you Think about it. The angels delivered you Think about it. The angels delivered you from the heavens via birth from the heavens via birth from the heavens via birth to your doorstep. to your doorstep. to your doorstep. Same day delivery. Same day delivery. Same day delivery. That's amazing. Of course, they can save That's amazing. Of course, they can save That's amazing. Of course, they can save the world. You ask Asian parents the the world. You ask Asian parents the the world. You ask Asian parents the same question. Mommy, daddy, where did I same question. Mommy, daddy, where did I same question. Mommy, daddy, where did I come from? Chinese parents, we found you come from? Chinese parents, we found you come from? Chinese parents, we found you in the rubbish bin. We found you in the rubbish bin. We found you in the rubbish bin. We found you in the rubbish bin. And it's not the words that are hurtful And it's not the words that are hurtful And it's not the words that are hurtful per se. It's the tone. per se. It's the tone. per se. It's the tone. We found you in the rubbish bin. We We found you in the rubbish bin. We We found you in the rubbish bin. We weren't looking for you. weren't looking for you. weren't looking for you. Our lives were full and complete. Our lives were full and complete. Our lives were full and complete. One day your mom and I, we went to throw One day your mom and I, we went to throw One day your mom and I, we went to throw rubbish. rubbish. rubbish. We walked to the rubbish bin. We opened We walked to the rubbish bin. We opened We walked to the rubbish bin. We opened up the bin. Hey, you were there inside. up the bin. Hey, you were there inside. up the bin. Hey, you were there inside. Which means someone else threw you out. Which means someone else threw you out. Which means someone else threw you out. So out of the kindness of our good So out of the kindness of our good So out of the kindness of our good hearts, we took you in and loved you as hearts, we took you in and loved you as hearts, we took you in and loved you as our own. That's why we Asian kids, we our own. That's why we Asian kids, we our own. That's why we Asian kids, we grow up very neurotic. We have to work grow up very neurotic. We have to work grow up very neurotic. We have to work hard, save money, we have to pay back hard, save money, we have to pay back hard, save money, we have to pay back our parents, right? Every transaction of our parents, right? Every transaction of our parents, right? Every transaction of fer py is paying back our parents. fer py is paying back our parents. fer py is paying back our parents. Western parents don't have this dynamic, Western parents don't have this dynamic, Western parents don't have this dynamic, right? So they can freely say, "Oh, my right? So they can freely say, "Oh, my right? So they can freely say, "Oh, my kids, they are the apple of my eye." kids, they are the apple of my eye." kids, they are the apple of my eye." Asian parents, my kids roi. Asian parents, my kids roi. Asian parents, my kids roi. Where's the Where's the Where's the your childhood is an investment. Where's your childhood is an investment. Where's your childhood is an investment. Where's the money? I'm waiting for the money. But of course, my friends, I'm not here But of course, my friends, I'm not here But of course, my friends, I'm not here to say that one type of parenting is to say that one type of parenting is to say that one type of parenting is better than the other. No. Right? better than the other. No. Right? better than the other. No. Right? Because you see this American kids, Because you see this American kids, Because you see this American kids, Western kids, right? They're very Western kids, right? They're very Western kids, right? They're very confident, but inside no knowledge, no confident, but inside no knowledge, no confident, but inside no knowledge, no skills, skills, skills, all hollow. all hollow. all hollow. You see Asian kids like us, right? We You see Asian kids like us, right? We You see Asian kids like us, right? We got knowledge, we got skills, but no got knowledge, we got skills, but no got knowledge, we got skills, but no confidence. Can't tell a good story, confidence. Can't tell a good story, confidence. Can't tell a good story, can't sell ourselves, no good PR. My can't sell ourselves, no good PR. My can't sell ourselves, no good PR. My daughter is 4 years old now. One day daughter is 4 years old now. One day daughter is 4 years old now. One day she'll grow up and she'll ask me, she'll grow up and she'll ask me, she'll grow up and she'll ask me, "Daddy, where did I come from?" I will "Daddy, where did I come from?" I will "Daddy, where did I come from?" I will say, "Darling, you were born in heaven." say, "Darling, you were born in heaven." say, "Darling, you were born in heaven." Then the bird pick you up Then the bird pick you up Then the bird pick you up and drop your rubbish bin. Fair and drop your rubbish bin. Fair and drop your rubbish bin. Fair balance. No, you're special. Be confident. But No, you're special. Be confident. But No, you're special. Be confident. But work hard as I need my money, right? work hard as I need my money, right? work hard as I need my money, right? It's very expensive to raise you, you It's very expensive to raise you, you It's very expensive to raise you, you know? know? know? But of course, it's not fair for me to But of course, it's not fair for me to But of course, it's not fair for me to say that all Asian people are very say that all Asian people are very say that all Asian people are very smart, right? Sometimes in commonly we smart, right? Sometimes in commonly we smart, right? Sometimes in commonly we exaggerate to prove a point, right? I exaggerate to prove a point, right? I exaggerate to prove a point, right? I met some Asian people, [\h__\h] stupid. met some Asian people, [\h__\h] stupid. met some Asian people, [\h__\h] stupid. Last year, I met a new friend in show Last year, I met a new friend in show Last year, I met a new friend in show business. Uh, I met this guy, his name business. Uh, I met this guy, his name business. Uh, I met this guy, his name is Ray, 21-year-old graphic designer. is Ray, 21-year-old graphic designer. is Ray, 21-year-old graphic designer. Okay, very talented, very stupid. Okay, very talented, very stupid. Okay, very talented, very stupid. So, I asked Ray to design a poster for So, I asked Ray to design a poster for So, I asked Ray to design a poster for my comedy shows. He came out the poster my comedy shows. He came out the poster my comedy shows. He came out the poster was very nice and we've agreed on a fee was very nice and we've agreed on a fee was very nice and we've agreed on a fee of 500 ringgit right so I texted Ray I of 500 ringgit right so I texted Ray I of 500 ringgit right so I texted Ray I said hey Ray thanks for the poster very said hey Ray thanks for the poster very said hey Ray thanks for the poster very nice please send me an invoice nice please send me an invoice nice please send me an invoice requesting me for the 500 ringgate so I requesting me for the 500 ringgate so I requesting me for the 500 ringgate so I can pay you he didn't reply for a month can pay you he didn't reply for a month can pay you he didn't reply for a month after a month I I text him again hey Ray after a month I I text him again hey Ray after a month I I text him again hey Ray you need to send me an invoice you need to send me an invoice you need to send me an invoice requesting me for the 500 ringgate so I requesting me for the 500 ringgate so I requesting me for the 500 ringgate so I can pay you now it turns out Ry didn't can pay you now it turns out Ry didn't can pay you now it turns out Ry didn't know what an invoice was now he could know what an invoice was now he could know what an invoice was now he could have googled or asked a friend but have googled or asked a friend but have googled or asked a friend but because Ray's age is also his IQ you. He took a guess. You know how Ray sent He took a guess. You know how Ray sent He took a guess. You know how Ray sent me his invoice? He called me up. Hey me his invoice? He called me up. Hey me his invoice? He called me up. Hey Jason, this is Ry requesting for the 500 Jason, this is Ry requesting for the 500 Jason, this is Ry requesting for the 500 ringit ringit ringit in my voice. Your mother, your voice, your mother. Your mother, your voice, your mother. Your mother, your voice, your mother. Some of you already know this because Some of you already know this because Some of you already know this because I'm an atheist. I don't believe in God. I'm an atheist. I don't believe in God. I'm an atheist. I don't believe in God. I don't practice any religion. Right? I don't practice any religion. Right? I don't practice any religion. Right? But I have a lot of friends who are But I have a lot of friends who are But I have a lot of friends who are Christians. Unfortunately, one of my best friends, he's a Christian one of my best friends, he's a Christian one of my best friends, he's a Christian and knowing for 20 years, one my one of and knowing for 20 years, one my one of and knowing for 20 years, one my one of my best mates. Okay? And every year my my best mates. Okay? And every year my my best mates. Okay? And every year my Christian friend has a house party and Christian friend has a house party and Christian friend has a house party and every year I go. So last year for when I every year I go. So last year for when I every year I go. So last year for when I went to his house party, my Christian went to his house party, my Christian went to his house party, my Christian friend, he starts talking about friend, he starts talking about friend, he starts talking about religion, which is fine. Then he starts religion, which is fine. Then he starts religion, which is fine. Then he starts talking about the Bible, which is on talking about the Bible, which is on talking about the Bible, which is on brand. And then he starts saying some brand. And then he starts saying some brand. And then he starts saying some pretty outlandish stuff. He start pretty outlandish stuff. He start pretty outlandish stuff. He start saying, you know, according to the saying, you know, according to the saying, you know, according to the Bible, our planet Earth is 5,000 years Bible, our planet Earth is 5,000 years Bible, our planet Earth is 5,000 years old. In day, I'm like, old. In day, I'm like, old. In day, I'm like, uh, bro, according to the facts, he cut uh, bro, according to the facts, he cut uh, bro, according to the facts, he cut me off. I don't care about the facts. me off. I don't care about the facts. me off. I don't care about the facts. God told us through the Bible, our God told us through the Bible, our God told us through the Bible, our planet Earth is 5,000 years old, and planet Earth is 5,000 years old, and planet Earth is 5,000 years old, and that is good enough for me. I'm like, that is good enough for me. I'm like, that is good enough for me. I'm like, bro, the facts. I don't care about the bro, the facts. I don't care about the bro, the facts. I don't care about the facts. And by the way, Jason, it is very facts. And by the way, Jason, it is very facts. And by the way, Jason, it is very disrespectful of you to come to my house disrespectful of you to come to my house disrespectful of you to come to my house and to tell me otherwise. So things got and to tell me otherwise. So things got and to tell me otherwise. So things got a little bit tense and awkward like how a little bit tense and awkward like how a little bit tense and awkward like how it is now. And all my other friends, they turned to And all my other friends, they turned to And all my other friends, they turned to give me the look, right? The look that give me the look, right? The look that give me the look, right? The look that said, "Jason, you atheist bastard. Every said, "Jason, you atheist bastard. Every said, "Jason, you atheist bastard. Every year you're atheist. Every year he's year you're atheist. Every year he's year you're atheist. Every year he's Christian. Christian. Christian. Every year you come to his house and Every year you come to his house and Every year you come to his house and every year you do this shit." every year you do this shit." every year you do this shit." So for the sake of friendship, huh? So for the sake of friendship, huh? So for the sake of friendship, huh? Friendship more important than being Friendship more important than being Friendship more important than being correct. Okay? His house, his party. I correct. Okay? His house, his party. I correct. Okay? His house, his party. I just let it go. lame we lame have the just let it go. lame we lame have the just let it go. lame we lame have the last word but the problem is I tend to last word but the problem is I tend to last word but the problem is I tend to hold on to grudges for a very long time hold on to grudges for a very long time hold on to grudges for a very long time ah that is very Christian on me so I want to take my revenge and this is so I want to take my revenge and this is so I want to take my revenge and this is how I got my revenge okay my Christian how I got my revenge okay my Christian how I got my revenge okay my Christian friend has a 7-year-old son friend has a 7-year-old son friend has a 7-year-old son relax that kind of revenge that kind of revenge that kind of revenge I'm not that Christian just Thanks. Now, this how I got my revenge. Okay. Uh Now, this how I got my revenge. Okay. Uh Now, this how I got my revenge. Okay. Uh my Asian friend has a 7-year-old son, my Asian friend has a 7-year-old son, my Asian friend has a 7-year-old son, and every year I buy this boy a and every year I buy this boy a and every year I buy this boy a Christmas present. So, last year for his Christmas present. So, last year for his Christmas present. So, last year for his present, after that incident, I bought present, after that incident, I bought present, after that incident, I bought the son a very big children's book about the son a very big children's book about the son a very big children's book about dinosaurs. You see the people who laughed ah these You see the people who laughed ah these You see the people who laughed ah these people read those who didn't laugh. Okay, [\h__\h] Let those who didn't laugh. Okay, [\h__\h] Let those who didn't laugh. Okay, [\h__\h] Let me explain. me explain. me explain. You see, my friends, every children's You see, my friends, every children's You see, my friends, every children's book about dinosaurs will inevitably book about dinosaurs will inevitably book about dinosaurs will inevitably have that one line. have that one line. have that one line. Dinosaurs went extinct 65 million years Dinosaurs went extinct 65 million years Dinosaurs went extinct 65 million years ago. And my fantasy is I want my friend to And my fantasy is I want my friend to And my fantasy is I want my friend to read the book to his son. read the book to his son. read the book to his son. All right, boy. You like dinosaurs? All right, boy. You like dinosaurs? All right, boy. You like dinosaurs? Okay. Okay. Okay. Dinosaurs went extinct. Ah, [\h__\h] Who gave you this book? Who gave you this book? Who gave you this book? Uncle Jason. Uncle Jason. Uncle Jason. He's a horrible comedian. He's a horrible comedian. He's a horrible comedian. That's why he has to do her life. That's why he has to do her life. That's why he has to do her life. Uh, dinosaurs man think 65 million years Uh, dinosaurs man think 65 million years Uh, dinosaurs man think 65 million years ago. Okay. Dian, finish. Fin finish. Go ago. Okay. Dian, finish. Fin finish. Go ago. Okay. Dian, finish. Fin finish. Go say go. say go. say go. And in my fantasy, I want the son to And in my fantasy, I want the son to And in my fantasy, I want the son to reply. But daddy, reply. But daddy, reply. But daddy, you said the earth is 5,000 years old. you said the earth is 5,000 years old. you said the earth is 5,000 years old. That means you are off by 64 million. That means you are off by 64 million. That means you are off by 64 million. 995,000 995,000 995,000 years. That is quite a margin of error, years. That is quite a margin of error, years. That is quite a margin of error, Daddy. And yes, my vocabulary is quite advanced And yes, my vocabulary is quite advanced And yes, my vocabulary is quite advanced for a 7-year-old child in Jason's for a 7-year-old child in Jason's for a 7-year-old child in Jason's Fantasy, which never happened. Fantasy, which never happened. Fantasy, which never happened. Now, I don't know whether that Now, I don't know whether that Now, I don't know whether that conversation will ever take place, conversation will ever take place, conversation will ever take place, right? But there's a good chance it right? But there's a good chance it right? But there's a good chance it might because the book I bought them is might because the book I bought them is might because the book I bought them is still in their house. Until today, I still in their house. Until today, I still in their house. Until today, I wonder what if my friend tries to wonder what if my friend tries to wonder what if my friend tries to reconcile these two things, the earth reconcile these two things, the earth reconcile these two things, the earth being 5,000 years old and the existence being 5,000 years old and the existence being 5,000 years old and the existence of dinosaurs. He raised the book to his of dinosaurs. He raised the book to his of dinosaurs. He raised the book to his son. Dinosaurs went extinct 65 million son. Dinosaurs went extinct 65 million son. Dinosaurs went extinct 65 million years ago. And before that, Jesus rode years ago. And before that, Jesus rode years ago. And before that, Jesus rode to battle riding a triceratops and Moses crossed the Red Sea by and Moses crossed the Red Sea by and Moses crossed the Red Sea by paragliding with a pterodactyl. paragliding with a pterodactyl. paragliding with a pterodactyl. Okay, finish. Close it. Close it. Close Okay, finish. Close it. Close it. Close Okay, finish. Close it. Close it. Close it. it. it. That is a true story by the way. Okay. I That is a true story by the way. Okay. I That is a true story by the way. Okay. I mean, not what's in the Bible, but uh mean, not what's in the Bible, but uh mean, not what's in the Bible, but uh there was a real incident with a real there was a real incident with a real there was a real incident with a real friend of mine. I've been telling these friend of mine. I've been telling these friend of mine. I've been telling these stories in preparation for my tour this stories in preparation for my tour this stories in preparation for my tour this year. And so, last year at one of the year. And so, last year at one of the year. And so, last year at one of the shows in Qua Lumpo, my Christian friend shows in Qua Lumpo, my Christian friend shows in Qua Lumpo, my Christian friend showed up. He saw me tell the story just as how you He saw me tell the story just as how you He saw me tell the story just as how you heard it just now. After the show, he heard it just now. After the show, he heard it just now. After the show, he confronted me backstage. Hey, Jason, confronted me backstage. Hey, Jason, confronted me backstage. Hey, Jason, good show. I want to talk to you. said, "Jason, why is it towards the end said, "Jason, why is it towards the end said, "Jason, why is it towards the end of that story you say Jesus rode to of that story you say Jesus rode to of that story you say Jesus rode to battle riding a triceratops?" battle riding a triceratops?" battle riding a triceratops?" I said, "Well, just a funny idea, you I said, "Well, just a funny idea, you I said, "Well, just a funny idea, you know." I said, "Hopefully the audience know." I said, "Hopefully the audience know." I said, "Hopefully the audience laughs because yeah, but in the Bible, laughs because yeah, but in the Bible, laughs because yeah, but in the Bible, Jesus was never involved in any Jesus was never involved in any Jesus was never involved in any battles." battles." battles." I know, but just a funny image, right? I know, but just a funny image, right? I know, but just a funny image, right? Jesus riding a triceratops charging into battle. charging into battle. charging into battle. Moses provide air support. You know what Moses provide air support. You know what Moses provide air support. You know what I mean? He was very adamant. No, no. Just so you He was very adamant. No, no. Just so you He was very adamant. No, no. Just so you must understand in the Bible, Jesus was must understand in the Bible, Jesus was must understand in the Bible, Jesus was never involved in any battles. Those are never involved in any battles. Those are never involved in any battles. Those are the facts. the facts. the facts. I'm like, I don't care about the facts. I'm like, I don't care about the facts. I'm like, I don't care about the facts. Jesus riding a triceratops. That is Jesus riding a triceratops. That is Jesus riding a triceratops. That is funny to me and that is good enough for funny to me and that is good enough for funny to me and that is good enough for me me me and is very disrespectful of you to come to my show to come to my show to come to my show and to tell me otherwise. That's um That's um That's um and that's how I lost a brother in and that's how I lost a brother in and that's how I lost a brother in Christ. Christ. Christ. you know, not very not very forgiving you know, not very not very forgiving you know, not very not very forgiving sometimes. sometimes. sometimes. I'm very glad that you guys are here I'm very glad that you guys are here I'm very glad that you guys are here with me because uh nowadays uh when I'm with me because uh nowadays uh when I'm with me because uh nowadays uh when I'm on tour, when I'm doing shows like this, on tour, when I'm doing shows like this, on tour, when I'm doing shows like this, I'm actually away from my family. You I'm actually away from my family. You I'm actually away from my family. You know, just give bit of a domestic know, just give bit of a domestic know, just give bit of a domestic update. Uh since the last time I saw update. Uh since the last time I saw update. Uh since the last time I saw you, uh my wife uh now works in Perth uh you, uh my wife uh now works in Perth uh you, uh my wife uh now works in Perth uh at Royal Perth uh hospital and my at Royal Perth uh hospital and my at Royal Perth uh hospital and my daughter is with her. So, whenever I do daughter is with her. So, whenever I do daughter is with her. So, whenever I do shows, I'm outside of Perth and that's shows, I'm outside of Perth and that's shows, I'm outside of Perth and that's why I try to spend as much time as I can why I try to spend as much time as I can why I try to spend as much time as I can in Perth, you know. And last year in in Perth, you know. And last year in in Perth, you know. And last year in December, I was in P with my wife and we December, I was in P with my wife and we December, I was in P with my wife and we wanted to go for date night. Just the wanted to go for date night. Just the wanted to go for date night. Just the two of us go for dinner. And my wife is two of us go for dinner. And my wife is two of us go for dinner. And my wife is Indian. So sometimes you go for Indian Indian. So sometimes you go for Indian Indian. So sometimes you go for Indian food, sometimes you go for Chinese food. food, sometimes you go for Chinese food. food, sometimes you go for Chinese food. This one particular evening, my wife This one particular evening, my wife This one particular evening, my wife wanted to go for Chinese food. So we wanted to go for Chinese food. So we wanted to go for Chinese food. So we both went to this restaurant in Perth, a both went to this restaurant in Perth, a both went to this restaurant in Perth, a real restaurant. You can Google this. We real restaurant. You can Google this. We real restaurant. You can Google this. We went to this restaurant called Uncle went to this restaurant called Uncle went to this restaurant called Uncle Billy's Chinese Restaurant. We didn't Billy's Chinese Restaurant. We didn't Billy's Chinese Restaurant. We didn't know that Uncle Billy's Chinese know that Uncle Billy's Chinese know that Uncle Billy's Chinese restaurant is the shittiest Chinese restaurant is the shittiest Chinese restaurant is the shittiest Chinese restaurant in all of Australia. restaurant in all of Australia. restaurant in all of Australia. Singaporean food tastes better. Wait, wait, wait. Why are the Wait, wait, wait. Why are the Wait, wait, wait. Why are the Singaporeans upset? Singaporeans upset? Singaporeans upset? Relax. I said Singaporean food tastes Relax. I said Singaporean food tastes Relax. I said Singaporean food tastes better better better than the shittiest Chinese restaurant in than the shittiest Chinese restaurant in than the shittiest Chinese restaurant in Australia. Where's the insult? I don't Australia. Where's the insult? I don't Australia. Where's the insult? I don't understand. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, so we went to this restaurant, right? so we went to this restaurant, right? so we went to this restaurant, right? And I ordered fried rice for myself and And I ordered fried rice for myself and And I ordered fried rice for myself and a plate of fried dumplings to share my a plate of fried dumplings to share my a plate of fried dumplings to share my wife and my wife ordered noodles. Now, wife and my wife ordered noodles. Now, wife and my wife ordered noodles. Now, when the food came, have you ever just when the food came, have you ever just when the food came, have you ever just by looking at the at the dish, just by by looking at the at the dish, just by by looking at the at the dish, just by looking at the food, you know the food looking at the food, you know the food looking at the food, you know the food is [\h__\h] right? The fried rice came, the is [\h__\h] right? The fried rice came, the is [\h__\h] right? The fried rice came, the rice was pale, barely fried, the egg was rice was pale, barely fried, the egg was rice was pale, barely fried, the egg was soggy, so appetizing. The aroma was not soggy, so appetizing. The aroma was not soggy, so appetizing. The aroma was not there. I know this is [\h__\h] but I was there. I know this is [\h__\h] but I was there. I know this is [\h__\h] but I was hungry. So, I took one spoonful, I ate hungry. So, I took one spoonful, I ate hungry. So, I took one spoonful, I ate it, and oh my god, it was the shittiest it, and oh my god, it was the shittiest it, and oh my god, it was the shittiest fried rice I've ever tasted in my life. fried rice I've ever tasted in my life. fried rice I've ever tasted in my life. Okay, it's like they forgot to put in Okay, it's like they forgot to put in Okay, it's like they forgot to put in flavor and taste. So, I pushed the whole flavor and taste. So, I pushed the whole flavor and taste. So, I pushed the whole plate of fried rice aside. I shoved the plate of fried rice aside. I shoved the plate of fried rice aside. I shoved the spoon inside there. I folded my arms, spoon inside there. I folded my arms, spoon inside there. I folded my arms, sulking, silent protest, sulking, silent protest, sulking, silent protest, hoping that one of the waiters will see hoping that one of the waiters will see hoping that one of the waiters will see it and feel sad for themselves. Okay? it and feel sad for themselves. Okay? it and feel sad for themselves. Okay? And then the dumplings came. Right? Now, And then the dumplings came. Right? Now, And then the dumplings came. Right? Now, let me try and explain the appearance of let me try and explain the appearance of let me try and explain the appearance of these dumplings. Okay? Now imagine these dumplings. Okay? Now imagine these dumplings. Okay? Now imagine there's a giant dumpling and then this there's a giant dumpling and then this there's a giant dumpling and then this giant dumpling shed out smaller giant dumpling shed out smaller giant dumpling shed out smaller dumplings. dumplings. dumplings. The dumplings look like [\h__\h] The dumplings look like [\h__\h] The dumplings look like [\h__\h] They all came black color overfried burn They all came black color overfried burn They all came black color overfried burn clump together like what the [\h__\h] is clump together like what the [\h__\h] is clump together like what the [\h__\h] is this Asian fusion cuisine? But again I this Asian fusion cuisine? But again I this Asian fusion cuisine? But again I was hungry. I took one of the fried was hungry. I took one of the fried was hungry. I took one of the fried fried dumplings right and oh my god it fried dumplings right and oh my god it fried dumplings right and oh my god it was like eating charcoal. I could feel was like eating charcoal. I could feel was like eating charcoal. I could feel the carbon in my mouth because it was the carbon in my mouth because it was the carbon in my mouth because it was burnt. So again I was very upset, very burnt. So again I was very upset, very burnt. So again I was very upset, very hungry. I pushed the whole plate of hungry. I pushed the whole plate of hungry. I pushed the whole plate of fried dumplings aside and I had it fried dumplings aside and I had it fried dumplings aside and I had it right. So I told my said, "Darling, so right. So I told my said, "Darling, so right. So I told my said, "Darling, so sorry. I have to do this." So I stood sorry. I have to do this." So I stood sorry. I have to do this." So I stood up, called the manager over. Manager up, called the manager over. Manager up, called the manager over. Manager came. I said, "Bro, I'm going to pay for came. I said, "Bro, I'm going to pay for came. I said, "Bro, I'm going to pay for all of this. No problem. However, I must all of this. No problem. However, I must all of this. No problem. However, I must give you my feedback. This fried rice is give you my feedback. This fried rice is give you my feedback. This fried rice is the worst fried rice I've ever had in my the worst fried rice I've ever had in my the worst fried rice I've ever had in my life. And these dumplings cannot be life. And these dumplings cannot be life. And these dumplings cannot be eaten because they are burnt." Now, have eaten because they are burnt." Now, have eaten because they are burnt." Now, have you ever while scolding someone, you you ever while scolding someone, you you ever while scolding someone, you start to fall in love with the sound of start to fall in love with the sound of start to fall in love with the sound of your own voice your own voice your own voice and then you go too far? I went too far. and then you go too far? I went too far. and then you go too far? I went too far. I suddenly scolded the guy. I work I suddenly scolded the guy. I work I suddenly scolded the guy. I work myself out in a rage, right? I reached a myself out in a rage, right? I reached a myself out in a rage, right? I reached a point where I said this man, I went too point where I said this man, I went too point where I said this man, I went too far. I said, you know, I am Chinese. far. I said, you know, I am Chinese. far. I said, you know, I am Chinese. I support Chinese businesses, I support Chinese businesses, I support Chinese businesses, but this this cannot be the standard of but this this cannot be the standard of but this this cannot be the standard of Chinese cuisine you present to the Chinese cuisine you present to the Chinese cuisine you present to the world. What the [\h__\h] am I saying? world. What the [\h__\h] am I saying? world. What the [\h__\h] am I saying? Suddenly I become so Chinese. Suddenly I become so Chinese. Suddenly I become so Chinese. I never felt more Chinese in my life. I never felt more Chinese in my life. I never felt more Chinese in my life. You must understand I don't consider You must understand I don't consider You must understand I don't consider myself to be a typical Chinese. I'm not myself to be a typical Chinese. I'm not myself to be a typical Chinese. I'm not a typical Chinese. No, I don't speak a typical Chinese. No, I don't speak a typical Chinese. No, I don't speak Mandin. I speak English. I'm not a Mandin. I speak English. I'm not a Mandin. I speak English. I'm not a typical Chinese. Right? I don't sing kok typical Chinese. Right? I don't sing kok typical Chinese. Right? I don't sing kok belly. I'm not a typical Chinese. belly. I'm not a typical Chinese. belly. I'm not a typical Chinese. I don't have trust from public bank. I'm I don't have trust from public bank. I'm I don't have trust from public bank. I'm not a typical Chinese. not a typical Chinese. not a typical Chinese. I'm not a typical Chinese. I'm not I'm not a typical Chinese. I'm not I'm not a typical Chinese. I'm not racist towards Indian people. Not a racist towards Indian people. Not a racist towards Indian people. Not a typical Chinese. typical Chinese. typical Chinese. My wife is Indian. I'm not a typical My wife is Indian. I'm not a typical My wife is Indian. I'm not a typical Chinese. But the moment I became so Chinese. But the moment I became so Chinese. But the moment I became so Chinese, the food was so [\h__\h] it woke Chinese, the food was so [\h__\h] it woke Chinese, the food was so [\h__\h] it woke the dragon in me. You understand? the dragon in me. You understand? the dragon in me. You understand? I swear when I said this cannot be the I swear when I said this cannot be the I swear when I said this cannot be the standard of Chinese cuisine you present standard of Chinese cuisine you present standard of Chinese cuisine you present to the world. I swear someone founded a to the world. I swear someone founded a to the world. I swear someone founded a gong, gong, gong, dragons flew over, people need lanterns. dragons flew over, people need lanterns. dragons flew over, people need lanterns. That's how Chinese I felt. Okay. That's how Chinese I felt. Okay. That's how Chinese I felt. Okay. And it's so weird when I look at look And it's so weird when I look at look And it's so weird when I look at look back you know because my whole life my back you know because my whole life my back you know because my whole life my education is western my outlook global but my stomach but my stomach but my stomach my stomach 100% shiang right here. So I'm scing the guy schooling the guy. So I'm scing the guy schooling the guy. So I'm scing the guy schooling the guy. Eventually the guy had enough my face. Eventually the guy had enough my face. Eventually the guy had enough my face. So he he ced our meal. My wife and I we So he he ced our meal. My wife and I we So he he ced our meal. My wife and I we left the restaurant in silence. We left the restaurant in silence. We left the restaurant in silence. We walked to the car in silence. We got walked to the car in silence. We got walked to the car in silence. We got into the car. The moment the car doors into the car. The moment the car doors into the car. The moment the car doors closed, my wife turns to me, who the closed, my wife turns to me, who the closed, my wife turns to me, who the [\h__\h] do you think you are? She put me in my place. Who the [\h__\h] do She put me in my place. Who the [\h__\h] do She put me in my place. Who the [\h__\h] do you think you are? Suddenly, you're so you think you are? Suddenly, you're so you think you are? Suddenly, you're so concerned with the standard of Chinese concerned with the standard of Chinese concerned with the standard of Chinese cuisine. I've listened to your entire cuisine. I've listened to your entire cuisine. I've listened to your entire comedy career. Half your jokes are comedy career. Half your jokes are comedy career. Half your jokes are cheating on Chinese people. cheating on Chinese people. cheating on Chinese people. You [\h__\h] on fun show. You [\h__\h] on You [\h__\h] on fun show. You [\h__\h] on You [\h__\h] on fun show. You [\h__\h] on traditional Chinese medicine. You [\h__\h] traditional Chinese medicine. You [\h__\h] traditional Chinese medicine. You [\h__\h] on Hungry Ghost. Suddenly, you're so on Hungry Ghost. Suddenly, you're so on Hungry Ghost. Suddenly, you're so defensive of Chinese cuisine. You're defensive of Chinese cuisine. You're defensive of Chinese cuisine. You're like the defender of Chinese food. Ah, like the defender of Chinese food. Ah, like the defender of Chinese food. Ah, you're a little shishing Ping or Chinese you're a little shishing Ping or Chinese you're a little shishing Ping or Chinese food. Who the [\h__\h] made you the god of food. Who the [\h__\h] made you the god of food. Who the [\h__\h] made you the god of fried rice and dumplings? Who the [\h__\h] fried rice and dumplings? Who the [\h__\h] fried rice and dumplings? Who the [\h__\h] do you think you are? She didn't say do you think you are? She didn't say do you think you are? She didn't say those words, but you get the gist. Okay, those words, but you get the gist. Okay, those words, but you get the gist. Okay, you must understand throughout the whole you must understand throughout the whole you must understand throughout the whole ordeal, right? This was my wife's body ordeal, right? This was my wife's body ordeal, right? This was my wife's body language. Okay, so I've stood up. I'm language. Okay, so I've stood up. I'm language. Okay, so I've stood up. I'm giving out to the manager. My wife is giving out to the manager. My wife is giving out to the manager. My wife is seated down. She has also pushed the seated down. She has also pushed the seated down. She has also pushed the whole plate of uh barely eaten noodles whole plate of uh barely eaten noodles whole plate of uh barely eaten noodles aside. She's folded arms. Okay. Now aside. She's folded arms. Okay. Now aside. She's folded arms. Okay. Now whenever the manager has too much of my whenever the manager has too much of my whenever the manager has too much of my face, he will turn to look at my wife face, he will turn to look at my wife face, he will turn to look at my wife hoping to deal with a ser rational hoping to deal with a ser rational hoping to deal with a ser rational person. But when he looked at my wife, person. But when he looked at my wife, person. But when he looked at my wife, this was my wife reaction. My wife was this was my wife reaction. My wife was this was my wife reaction. My wife was like and then I remembered that I never once and then I remembered that I never once and then I remembered that I never once asked her how were her noodles asked her how were her noodles asked her how were her noodles throughout this whole thing. Never once throughout this whole thing. Never once throughout this whole thing. Never once asked her. So in the car I said, asked her. So in the car I said, asked her. So in the car I said, "Darling, so sorry I never asked you." "Darling, so sorry I never asked you." "Darling, so sorry I never asked you." "Actually, how are your noodles?" My "Actually, how are your noodles?" My "Actually, how are your noodles?" My wife said, "Actually, my noodles are wife said, "Actually, my noodles are wife said, "Actually, my noodles are quite nice." quite nice." quite nice." I said, "Why did you push it aside?" And I said, "Why did you push it aside?" And I said, "Why did you push it aside?" And she goes, "I had to because I have to she goes, "I had to because I have to she goes, "I had to because I have to support your performance. I have to support your performance." I have to support your performance." I have to support your performance." And then she goes on, "Darling, you And then she goes on, "Darling, you And then she goes on, "Darling, you understand how stupid you would have understand how stupid you would have understand how stupid you would have looked looked looked if you are standing up scing the guy if you are standing up scing the guy if you are standing up scing the guy about the quality of the food. about the quality of the food. about the quality of the food. Meanwhile, your wife next to you, Meanwhile, your wife next to you, Meanwhile, your wife next to you, hey d the one I take horrendous." horrendous." horrendous." But yes, we we're trying to settle into But yes, we we're trying to settle into But yes, we we're trying to settle into Perth and my wife actually enrolled our Perth and my wife actually enrolled our Perth and my wife actually enrolled our daughter into uh kindergarten last year daughter into uh kindergarten last year daughter into uh kindergarten last year in Perth. And when we enroll her, in Perth. And when we enroll her, in Perth. And when we enroll her, something happened which threw us off, something happened which threw us off, something happened which threw us off, you know, because we enrolled her and you know, because we enrolled her and you know, because we enrolled her and then the school sent us a letter saying then the school sent us a letter saying then the school sent us a letter saying that we have to take our daughter for an that we have to take our daughter for an that we have to take our daughter for an interview. Wow, four years old. You want interview. Wow, four years old. You want interview. Wow, four years old. You want to interview a 4-year-old? We went for to interview a 4-year-old? We went for to interview a 4-year-old? We went for the interview and it quickly dawned upon the interview and it quickly dawned upon the interview and it quickly dawned upon us that the interview was not for her, us that the interview was not for her, us that the interview was not for her, it's for us. They're trying to sus out it's for us. They're trying to sus out it's for us. They're trying to sus out if you're weirdos or not. Okay. And the if you're weirdos or not. Okay. And the if you're weirdos or not. Okay. And the vice principal, a very nice lady, she vice principal, a very nice lady, she vice principal, a very nice lady, she started um asking a lot of questions started um asking a lot of questions started um asking a lot of questions about the intrinsic values of our child. about the intrinsic values of our child. about the intrinsic values of our child. She was very concerned what's inside our She was very concerned what's inside our She was very concerned what's inside our child like she asked us uh what is her child like she asked us uh what is her child like she asked us uh what is her personality like what are her interests personality like what are her interests personality like what are her interests her hobbies how does how does she her hobbies how does how does she her hobbies how does how does she interact with her grandparents how does interact with her grandparents how does interact with her grandparents how does she play with other kids like a lot of she play with other kids like a lot of she play with other kids like a lot of things to do with what's inside her and things to do with what's inside her and things to do with what's inside her and it threw me off because when it comes to it threw me off because when it comes to it threw me off because when it comes to education I'm quite simple-minded and education I'm quite simple-minded and education I'm quite simple-minded and traditional right when it comes to traditional right when it comes to traditional right when it comes to education as far as I'm concerned education as far as I'm concerned education as far as I'm concerned knowledge is outside my daughter's brain knowledge is outside my daughter's brain knowledge is outside my daughter's brain I pay you money you put the knowledge I pay you money you put the knowledge I pay you money you put the knowledge back. back. back. Why am I so careless what's inside grow Why am I so careless what's inside grow Why am I so careless what's inside grow the tree? Who gives a [\h__\h] the tree? Who gives a [\h__\h] the tree? Who gives a [\h__\h] And I realize now that that incident And I realize now that that incident And I realize now that that incident showed me how out of out of touch I am showed me how out of out of touch I am showed me how out of out of touch I am when it comes to education and schools, when it comes to education and schools, when it comes to education and schools, right? The shifting sense of time, right? The shifting sense of time, right? The shifting sense of time, right? Culture and things change as we right? Culture and things change as we right? Culture and things change as we grow older. The last time I was in grow older. The last time I was in grow older. The last time I was in school school was when I was in school school was when I was in school school was when I was in secondary school, right? Uh in my school secondary school, right? Uh in my school secondary school, right? Uh in my school called Bukit Bintang Boy School. Yeah. called Bukit Bintang Boy School. Yeah. called Bukit Bintang Boy School. Yeah. Uh Biman boy school was in uh PJ and uh Uh Biman boy school was in uh PJ and uh Uh Biman boy school was in uh PJ and uh I was there from the age of 12 to 17. Uh I was there from the age of 12 to 17. Uh I was there from the age of 12 to 17. Uh it was a pretty good school you know I'm it was a pretty good school you know I'm it was a pretty good school you know I'm proud of uh the BB boys. Um when I was proud of uh the BB boys. Um when I was proud of uh the BB boys. Um when I was in school we had this legendary in school we had this legendary in school we had this legendary discipline teacher by the name of Mr. discipline teacher by the name of Mr. discipline teacher by the name of Mr. Agis. In every Malaysian public school Agis. In every Malaysian public school Agis. In every Malaysian public school there is a discipline teacher. Okay. And there is a discipline teacher. Okay. And there is a discipline teacher. Okay. And the role of the disciplined teacher is the role of the disciplined teacher is the role of the disciplined teacher is to physically to physically to physically and psychologically and psychologically and psychologically abuse students to keep the school safe. to keep the school safe. to keep the school safe. Okay. And uh so Mr. August was our Okay. And uh so Mr. August was our Okay. And uh so Mr. August was our discipline teacher. He was very scary. discipline teacher. He was very scary. discipline teacher. He was very scary. Okay. He walked around the whole school Okay. He walked around the whole school Okay. He walked around the whole school banishing a cane, you know, not not not banishing a cane, you know, not not not banishing a cane, you know, not not not sugarce, not walking cane, a cane to sugarce, not walking cane, a cane to sugarce, not walking cane, a cane to whip students. Okay. He had five canes, whip students. Okay. He had five canes, whip students. Okay. He had five canes, you know, and he named those kids can you know, and he named those kids can you know, and he named those kids can Monday, Monday, Monday, Tuesday. Tuesday. Tuesday. Some of the canes have like blood on it, Some of the canes have like blood on it, Some of the canes have like blood on it, normal. normal. normal. And it was a very scary guy. Okay. Now, And it was a very scary guy. Okay. Now, And it was a very scary guy. Okay. Now, let me let me give you a description of let me let me give you a description of let me let me give you a description of him, right? Mr. Ages, when I was in him, right? Mr. Ages, when I was in him, right? Mr. Ages, when I was in school, he was about almost going to be school, he was about almost going to be school, he was about almost going to be 50 years old. He was an Indian man, 50 years old. He was an Indian man, 50 years old. He was an Indian man, medium height, medium built. Okay? But medium height, medium built. Okay? But medium height, medium built. Okay? But his body was lean with a lot of muscles. his body was lean with a lot of muscles. his body was lean with a lot of muscles. Because before Mr. Agis became a Because before Mr. Agis became a Because before Mr. Agis became a teacher, he was an athlete. He teacher, he was an athlete. He teacher, he was an athlete. He represented Malaysia in the Ca Games as represented Malaysia in the Ca Games as represented Malaysia in the Ca Games as a long-distance runner. But when he came a long-distance runner. But when he came a long-distance runner. But when he came you swore he also played golf. you swore he also played golf. you swore he also played golf. The swing was amazing. Okay. He's a very The swing was amazing. Okay. He's a very The swing was amazing. Okay. He's a very scary guy, right? His his reputation scary guy, right? His his reputation scary guy, right? His his reputation always preceded himself, right? And also always preceded himself, right? And also always preceded himself, right? And also you must understand, right? In the you must understand, right? In the you must understand, right? In the Malaysian public school system, the Malaysian public school system, the Malaysian public school system, the title of discipline teacher is not an title of discipline teacher is not an title of discipline teacher is not an official title. You had to be a regular official title. You had to be a regular official title. You had to be a regular teacher first. Then the school would teacher first. Then the school would teacher first. Then the school would force upon you the title discipline force upon you the title discipline force upon you the title discipline teacher to make you do more work. It's teacher to make you do more work. It's teacher to make you do more work. It's not like there's official key not like there's official key not like there's official key performance index for a discipline performance index for a discipline performance index for a discipline teacher. It's not like every quarter the teacher. It's not like every quarter the teacher. It's not like every quarter the headmaster will review. Okay, Mr. Argus, headmaster will review. Okay, Mr. Argus, headmaster will review. Okay, Mr. Argus, how many students did you beat up? how many students did you beat up? how many students did you beat up? 200. Okay, here's the bonus. It's not 200. Okay, here's the bonus. It's not 200. Okay, here's the bonus. It's not that that that which means Mr. Argus came students out which means Mr. Argus came students out which means Mr. Argus came students out of passion. He did it for the love of caning. He did it for the love of caning. He did it for the love of caning. Like I said, his reputation always Like I said, his reputation always Like I said, his reputation always preceded himself. Right? Every morning preceded himself. Right? Every morning preceded himself. Right? Every morning before the bell rang for assembly, all before the bell rang for assembly, all before the bell rang for assembly, all of us boys would be gathered at the of us boys would be gathered at the of us boys would be gathered at the assembly hall. A thousand of us, and we assembly hall. A thousand of us, and we assembly hall. A thousand of us, and we of course we are boys, you know, teenage of course we are boys, you know, teenage of course we are boys, you know, teenage boys be screaming, shouting, making a boys be screaming, shouting, making a boys be screaming, shouting, making a hell of a noise. And every once in a hell of a noise. And every once in a hell of a noise. And every once in a while, this cacophony of noise would while, this cacophony of noise would while, this cacophony of noise would descend into complete silence within descend into complete silence within descend into complete silence within seconds, right? And every boy knew who just arrived. And every boy knew who just arrived. And every boy knew who just arrived. All of us will turn our eyes to the All of us will turn our eyes to the All of us will turn our eyes to the door, the entrance to the hall. And door, the entrance to the hall. And door, the entrance to the hall. And there in the doorway, framed by the there in the doorway, framed by the there in the doorway, framed by the doorway, doorway, doorway, backlit by the sun, backlit by the sun, backlit by the sun, silhouette, silhouette, silhouette, a ball of hay rolling behind him for no a ball of hay rolling behind him for no a ball of hay rolling behind him for no reason, reason, reason, there stood Mr. Agis with his cane like there stood Mr. Agis with his cane like there stood Mr. Agis with his cane like John Wick. Someone's going to die. Someone's going to die. Someone's going to die. And it was very scary because whenever And it was very scary because whenever And it was very scary because whenever he can you, right, right before he can he can you, right, right before he can he can you, right, right before he can you, he would yell at you. He will shove you, he would yell at you. He will shove you, he would yell at you. He will shove his face into your face and give you his face into your face and give you his face into your face and give you your talking too, right? He will shove your talking too, right? He will shove your talking too, right? He will shove his face in your face. How dare you come his face in your face. How dare you come his face in your face. How dare you come to my school and you disobey my rules. to my school and you disobey my rules. to my school and you disobey my rules. Face in your face. But what's even Face in your face. But what's even Face in your face. But what's even scarier is when his face is shoved in scarier is when his face is shoved in scarier is when his face is shoved in your face, you will then clearly see your face, you will then clearly see your face, you will then clearly see that one of his eyes, that one of his eyes, that one of his eyes, one of his eyes don't look straight. one of his eyes look away and you don't one of his eyes look away and you don't one of his eyes look away and you don't know which eye to look at. Till today I know which eye to look at. Till today I know which eye to look at. Till today I don't know which eye is the correct eye. don't know which eye is the correct eye. don't know which eye is the correct eye. It's so scary, right? You're always on It's so scary, right? You're always on It's so scary, right? You're always on the back foot. And so you must the back foot. And so you must the back foot. And so you must understand with the with one of his eyes understand with the with one of his eyes understand with the with one of his eyes looking away at the default setting. looking away at the default setting. looking away at the default setting. Mr. Argase achieves greater peripheral Mr. Argase achieves greater peripheral Mr. Argase achieves greater peripheral vision vision vision to detect mischief. to detect mischief. to detect mischief. People say this is a lazy eye. Mr. I People say this is a lazy eye. Mr. I People say this is a lazy eye. Mr. I guess had the hardest working lazy eye guess had the hardest working lazy eye guess had the hardest working lazy eye ever seen in my life. ever seen in my life. ever seen in my life. So it's very scary because he's shouting So it's very scary because he's shouting So it's very scary because he's shouting in your face and you're on the back in your face and you're on the back in your face and you're on the back foot. Hey, hey, hey, which eye? Which foot. Hey, hey, hey, which eye? Which foot. Hey, hey, hey, which eye? Which eye? Which eye to look at? Which eye? eye? Which eye to look at? Which eye? eye? Which eye to look at? Which eye? There's one legendary story. One day, There's one legendary story. One day, There's one legendary story. One day, Mr. A caught 10 boys trying to escape Mr. A caught 10 boys trying to escape Mr. A caught 10 boys trying to escape school. They had jumped the fence and school. They had jumped the fence and school. They had jumped the fence and start trying to run away from school. start trying to run away from school. start trying to run away from school. Mr. A saw them and caught them very fast Mr. A saw them and caught them very fast Mr. A saw them and caught them very fast because I think he's a sprinter also. because I think he's a sprinter also. because I think he's a sprinter also. He caught the 10 boys. He marched them He caught the 10 boys. He marched them He caught the 10 boys. He marched them in the courtyard. He keed each and every in the courtyard. He keed each and every in the courtyard. He keed each and every one of them. And he had to say this. He one of them. And he had to say this. He one of them. And he had to say this. He said, "If I ever catch you running away said, "If I ever catch you running away said, "If I ever catch you running away from school again, I will cane you from school again, I will cane you from school again, I will cane you twice. From now onwards, I will always twice. From now onwards, I will always twice. From now onwards, I will always keep an eye on you." in a boy school. in a boy school. in a boy school. One boy. Sir, it's okay. It's okay. it's okay. It's okay. it's okay. It's okay. Sir, which I boy is a legend. boy is a legend. boy is a legend. In my school now, there is a statue In my school now, there is a statue In my school now, there is a statue erected in the memory of that student erected in the memory of that student erected in the memory of that student because he died after he died. He died because he died after he died. He died because he died after he died. He died very fast. He died immediately. He died. very fast. He died immediately. He died. very fast. He died immediately. He died. What a tragedy. What a tragedy. What a tragedy. But I have to defend Mr. Argus, right? But I have to defend Mr. Argus, right? But I have to defend Mr. Argus, right? Mr. Argus was a product of his time. He Mr. Argus was a product of his time. He Mr. Argus was a product of his time. He was one of the finest gentlemen I've was one of the finest gentlemen I've was one of the finest gentlemen I've ever met in my life because he really ever met in my life because he really ever met in my life because he really cared for the school. He cared for the cared for the school. He cared for the cared for the school. He cared for the boys, right? His beating was a way of boys, right? His beating was a way of boys, right? His beating was a way of telling you, "I love you." Okay? And the telling you, "I love you." Okay? And the telling you, "I love you." Okay? And the boys loved him too, right? Because of boys loved him too, right? Because of boys loved him too, right? Because of Stockholm syndrome. Okay? But I have to defend him because you see But I have to defend him because you see But I have to defend him because you see the boys in Buki Bintan boy school were the boys in Buki Bintan boy school were the boys in Buki Bintan boy school were quite shitty. Okay? Now again in the quite shitty. Okay? Now again in the quite shitty. Okay? Now again in the Malaysian public school system uh the Malaysian public school system uh the Malaysian public school system uh the school will select some of the better school will select some of the better school will select some of the better behaved boys to be prefects otherwise behaved boys to be prefects otherwise behaved boys to be prefects otherwise known as the school snitches. known as the school snitches. known as the school snitches. So I became a prefect. Uh So I became a prefect. Uh So I became a prefect. Uh but I was no snitch. Okay. I lived in but I was no snitch. Okay. I lived in but I was no snitch. Okay. I lived in service of my fellow students. Okay. So service of my fellow students. Okay. So service of my fellow students. Okay. So this is what we did. Now I don't know this is what we did. Now I don't know this is what we did. Now I don't know whether the prefects after us continue whether the prefects after us continue whether the prefects after us continue this tradition but every once in a while this tradition but every once in a while this tradition but every once in a while the school the teachers will tell us the school the teachers will tell us the school the teachers will tell us that hey prefects later today you're that hey prefects later today you're that hey prefects later today you're going to conduct a spot check and what a going to conduct a spot check and what a going to conduct a spot check and what a spot check is we prefect go to the spot check is we prefect go to the spot check is we prefect go to the classrooms open open up the bags of the classrooms open open up the bags of the classrooms open open up the bags of the students and if inside the bags there students and if inside the bags there students and if inside the bags there were CDs cigarettes handphones illegal were CDs cigarettes handphones illegal were CDs cigarettes handphones illegal items contraband right we will items contraband right we will items contraband right we will confiscate those items lost to the confiscate those items lost to the confiscate those items lost to the students forever okay now what we did students forever okay now what we did students forever okay now what we did was whenever the teachers told us, hey, was whenever the teachers told us, hey, was whenever the teachers told us, hey, there's a spot check. We the prefects there's a spot check. We the prefects there's a spot check. We the prefects will tell our friends who are not will tell our friends who are not will tell our friends who are not prefects that, hey, later there's a spot prefects that, hey, later there's a spot prefects that, hey, later there's a spot check. And if they happen to have check. And if they happen to have check. And if they happen to have illegal items on them that day for a illegal items on them that day for a illegal items on them that day for a very small and reasonable fee, we will take the items first, hide them we will take the items first, hide them we will take the items first, hide them in our prefect room, then conduct the in our prefect room, then conduct the in our prefect room, then conduct the spot check, open up the best. Oh, spot check, open up the best. Oh, spot check, open up the best. Oh, nothing legal. No problem. After school, nothing legal. No problem. After school, nothing legal. No problem. After school, we'll meet our friends in an undisclosed we'll meet our friends in an undisclosed we'll meet our friends in an undisclosed location. We give them back the items location. We give them back the items location. We give them back the items and they give us some money. This was a and they give us some money. This was a and they give us some money. This was a very lucrative side business. very lucrative side business. very lucrative side business. Which means at the age of 16, I was Which means at the age of 16, I was Which means at the age of 16, I was already a corrupted official, Malaysia B. Now, I'm telling all these bits and Now, I'm telling all these bits and Now, I'm telling all these bits and pieces of stories because I'm leading up pieces of stories because I'm leading up pieces of stories because I'm leading up to one of the most epic stories I've to one of the most epic stories I've to one of the most epic stories I've ever had with a teacher. Okay? So the ever had with a teacher. Okay? So the ever had with a teacher. Okay? So the year was 2002. I'm 17 years old. I walk year was 2002. I'm 17 years old. I walk year was 2002. I'm 17 years old. I walk into school one day thinking it's a into school one day thinking it's a into school one day thinking it's a normal school day, a normal Tuesday. I normal school day, a normal Tuesday. I normal school day, a normal Tuesday. I go into the assembly hall and I realize go into the assembly hall and I realize go into the assembly hall and I realize that there are far fewer boys than that there are far fewer boys than that there are far fewer boys than usual. It's like as if half the boys usual. It's like as if half the boys usual. It's like as if half the boys were somewhere else. were somewhere else. were somewhere else. And then I see one boy running around And then I see one boy running around And then I see one boy running around the whole school compound yelling at the the whole school compound yelling at the the whole school compound yelling at the top of his lungs. Mr. A guest wants to top of his lungs. Mr. A guest wants to top of his lungs. Mr. A guest wants to see all the 16year-old and 17 year old see all the 16year-old and 17 year old see all the 16year-old and 17 year old boys in the field now. I was like, "Oh boys in the field now. I was like, "Oh boys in the field now. I was like, "Oh my god, what happened? Has he found out my god, what happened? Has he found out my god, what happened? Has he found out about sad business?" about sad business?" about sad business?" But that's just a perfect thing, right? But that's just a perfect thing, right? But that's just a perfect thing, right? Why would he involve half the school? Why would he involve half the school? Why would he involve half the school? Oh, maybe he found someone doing Oh, maybe he found someone doing Oh, maybe he found someone doing something unforgivable and there's going something unforgivable and there's going something unforgivable and there's going to be like a public beheading. to be like a public beheading. to be like a public beheading. So, I'm actually quite excited. So, I'm actually quite excited. So, I'm actually quite excited. So, I rush down to the school field. So, I rush down to the school field. So, I rush down to the school field. Now, here's the backstory. Our school Now, here's the backstory. Our school Now, here's the backstory. Our school field is quite big. Okay. And every field is quite big. Okay. And every field is quite big. Okay. And every morning we stationed one prefect at the morning we stationed one prefect at the morning we stationed one prefect at the edge of the field to monitor late edge of the field to monitor late edge of the field to monitor late comers. And this morning was my friend comers. And this morning was my friend comers. And this morning was my friend Louvin, a fellow 17-year-old student, my Louvin, a fellow 17-year-old student, my Louvin, a fellow 17-year-old student, my classmate, manning the post. Now, the classmate, manning the post. Now, the classmate, manning the post. Now, the night before there was a car parked night before there was a car parked night before there was a car parked outside the school field. In this car outside the school field. In this car outside the school field. In this car was three fully grown adult gangsters. was three fully grown adult gangsters. was three fully grown adult gangsters. Okay. They drank the whole night. They Okay. They drank the whole night. They Okay. They drank the whole night. They were drunk. The next morning, which is were drunk. The next morning, which is were drunk. The next morning, which is this morning, they woke up hung over. this morning, they woke up hung over. this morning, they woke up hung over. They saw my friend Louvin, a 17-year-old They saw my friend Louvin, a 17-year-old They saw my friend Louvin, a 17-year-old boy minding his own business. They went boy minding his own business. They went boy minding his own business. They went up to Louvin and they physically up to Louvin and they physically up to Louvin and they physically harassed him and one of them bought harassed him and one of them bought harassed him and one of them bought whiskey all over Luin's head. So Luvin whiskey all over Luin's head. So Luvin whiskey all over Luin's head. So Luvin scared out of his mind, he rushes off to scared out of his mind, he rushes off to scared out of his mind, he rushes off to tell Mr. Ages what happened. Mr. Ages tell Mr. Ages what happened. Mr. Ages tell Mr. Ages what happened. Mr. Ages [\h__\h] furious, he rushes down to [\h__\h] furious, he rushes down to [\h__\h] furious, he rushes down to confront these three adult gangsters. confront these three adult gangsters. confront these three adult gangsters. Now Mr. Argus is also a very Now Mr. Argus is also a very Now Mr. Argus is also a very intelligent, strategic, cunning man. He intelligent, strategic, cunning man. He intelligent, strategic, cunning man. He knows he is just one man. He has to confront three adult He has to confront three adult He has to confront three adult gangsters. He's outnumbered. gangsters. He's outnumbered. gangsters. He's outnumbered. So on the way down, he got a boy to get So on the way down, he got a boy to get So on the way down, he got a boy to get him all the 16 year old and 70 year old him all the 16 year old and 70 year old him all the 16 year old and 70 year old boys to meet him in the field. boys to meet him in the field. boys to meet him in the field. So we were not in trouble. We were all So we were not in trouble. We were all So we were not in trouble. We were all going to be part of Mr. Argus' backup going to be part of Mr. Argus' backup going to be part of Mr. Argus' backup army. army. army. It was so epic. It's like Lord of the It was so epic. It's like Lord of the It was so epic. It's like Lord of the Rings, you know. Rings, you know. Rings, you know. Gondor calls for aid and Rohan will Gondor calls for aid and Rohan will Gondor calls for aid and Rohan will answer. The beacons were being lit. answer. The beacons were being lit. answer. The beacons were being lit. Okay. So I rush down to the field. I Okay. So I rush down to the field. I Okay. So I rush down to the field. I reach the field and I see at the edge of reach the field and I see at the edge of reach the field and I see at the edge of the field the horizon 500 the field the horizon 500 the field the horizon 500 of my fellow book bintam boy students my of my fellow book bintam boy students my of my fellow book bintam boy students my classmates my comrade in arms. They had classmates my comrade in arms. They had classmates my comrade in arms. They had surrounded Mr. Agis and also trapped the surrounded Mr. Agis and also trapped the surrounded Mr. Agis and also trapped the three gangsters in a circle like in a three gangsters in a circle like in a three gangsters in a circle like in a gladiatorial arena for combat. Right. gladiatorial arena for combat. Right. gladiatorial arena for combat. Right. Mr. Mr. Argus is shouting at the three Mr. Mr. Argus is shouting at the three Mr. Mr. Argus is shouting at the three gangsters and the three gangsters are gangsters and the three gangsters are gangsters and the three gangsters are not scared of Mr. Argus. There are three not scared of Mr. Argus. There are three not scared of Mr. Argus. There are three of them. They shouted back. But the of them. They shouted back. But the of them. They shouted back. But the longer they waited, you could see the longer they waited, you could see the longer they waited, you could see the worry in their eyes. What the [\h__\h] worry in their eyes. What the [\h__\h] worry in their eyes. What the [\h__\h] Where are these boys coming from? I Where are these boys coming from? I Where are these boys coming from? I don't need to study one. What the [\h__\h] don't need to study one. What the [\h__\h] don't need to study one. What the [\h__\h] school is this? school is this? school is this? Why I be surrounded by all these boys? Why I be surrounded by all these boys? Why I be surrounded by all these boys? So I reached the circle and I can see So I reached the circle and I can see So I reached the circle and I can see the same look of lust for violence in the same look of lust for violence in the same look of lust for violence in all my fellow students all my fellow students all my fellow students because at that morning we all had the because at that morning we all had the because at that morning we all had the same thought at the same time which was same thought at the same time which was same thought at the same time which was please please just one of them please please please just one of them please please please just one of them please just one please just touch Mr. August, just one please just touch Mr. August, just one please just touch Mr. August, just touch him. Just give us the reason just touch him. Just give us the reason just touch him. Just give us the reason to beat the [\h__\h] out of these three to beat the [\h__\h] out of these three to beat the [\h__\h] out of these three gangsters. Because we had done the math. gangsters. Because we had done the math. gangsters. Because we had done the math. We had done the math. 1 2 3 500. I think We had done the math. 1 2 3 500. I think We had done the math. 1 2 3 500. I think we'll win. I think we'll win. Okay. We we'll win. I think we'll win. Okay. We we'll win. I think we'll win. Okay. We were so excited were so excited were so excited because that day was no normal school because that day was no normal school because that day was no normal school day. [\h__\h] math. [\h__\h] biology. Today day. [\h__\h] math. [\h__\h] biology. Today day. [\h__\h] math. [\h__\h] biology. Today we're going to beat the [\h__\h] out of we're going to beat the [\h__\h] out of we're going to beat the [\h__\h] out of three gangsters. three gangsters. three gangsters. So at that moment I turned to look So at that moment I turned to look So at that moment I turned to look towards the school building which I just towards the school building which I just towards the school building which I just came from hoping to see other adult came from hoping to see other adult came from hoping to see other adult teachers coming and rushing to Mr. Agus' teachers coming and rushing to Mr. Agus' teachers coming and rushing to Mr. Agus' aid coming to back Mr. Agus up no aid coming to back Mr. Agus up no aid coming to back Mr. Agus up no teachers came that morning on that field teachers came that morning on that field teachers came that morning on that field was just Mr. Agis and us boys and then I was just Mr. Agis and us boys and then I was just Mr. Agis and us boys and then I see one lone boy running across the see one lone boy running across the see one lone boy running across the whole field right the same boy who was whole field right the same boy who was whole field right the same boy who was shouting just now right he's the last to shouting just now right he's the last to shouting just now right he's the last to the party he's running across the whole the party he's running across the whole the party he's running across the whole field Mr. Argus like come come come come come come come come come come come come come come M M M Mr. Agus and then as he come come M M M Mr. Agus and then as he come come M M M Mr. Agus and then as he got closer we could see that in his got closer we could see that in his got closer we could see that in his right hand he's holding Mr. Agis's kid Mr. Agus Mr. Agus Mr. Agus your cane and all of us were cheering your cane and all of us were cheering your cane and all of us were cheering for the cane half the boys has been for the cane half the boys has been for the cane half the boys has been beaten by the same cane but they're beaten by the same cane but they're beaten by the same cane but they're cheering for the cane because they know cheering for the cane because they know cheering for the cane because they know it's not for them today. Today is not it's not for them today. Today is not it's not for them today. Today is not for them. for them. for them. Mr. Aras, you're can. And the circle Mr. Aras, you're can. And the circle Mr. Aras, you're can. And the circle automatically open automatically open automatically open to let the boy inside. Mr. Aras, your to let the boy inside. Mr. Aras, your to let the boy inside. Mr. Aras, your cane. And Mr. A is so cool. He's facing cane. And Mr. A is so cool. He's facing cane. And Mr. A is so cool. He's facing up the three gangsters. He's being up the three gangsters. He's being up the three gangsters. He's being approached from behind, right? He didn't approached from behind, right? He didn't approached from behind, right? He didn't even turn his head to look behind even turn his head to look behind even turn his head to look behind because his eye can see. I think his eye because his eye can see. I think his eye because his eye can see. I think his eye his eye can see the You can see he just extended his arm he just extended his arm he just extended his arm like Thor receiving the hammer. This is a way cooler image than Jesus on This is a way cooler image than Jesus on This is a way cooler image than Jesus on the triceratops. He just extended his arm, received the He just extended his arm, received the He just extended his arm, received the cane. Mr. cane, grabbed it. He shoved cane. Mr. cane, grabbed it. He shoved cane. Mr. cane, grabbed it. He shoved the cane under the noses. How dare you the cane under the noses. How dare you the cane under the noses. How dare you come to my school and you touch one of come to my school and you touch one of come to my school and you touch one of my boys? And you could see the my boys? And you could see the my boys? And you could see the gangster's eyes like, "Hey, hey, which gangster's eyes like, "Hey, hey, which gangster's eyes like, "Hey, hey, which eye? Which eye? Which [\h__\h] eye? Which eye? Which eye? Which [\h__\h] eye? Which eye? Which eye? Which [\h__\h] eye? Which eye?" eye?" eye?" That was the most epic day I ever had That was the most epic day I ever had That was the most epic day I ever had with a teacher, right? And that will with a teacher, right? And that will with a teacher, right? And that will never be replicated again in today's never be replicated again in today's never be replicated again in today's time. Can you imagine if it happened time. Can you imagine if it happened time. Can you imagine if it happened today? The teacher places students in today? The teacher places students in today? The teacher places students in danger fighting off criminals. He'll be sued immediately. He'll be sued immediately. He'll be sued immediately. And um so I'll be doing this show uh uh And um so I'll be doing this show uh uh And um so I'll be doing this show uh uh uh in Australia and in Melbourne uh uh in Australia and in Melbourne uh uh in Australia and in Melbourne uh after I finished telling the story there after I finished telling the story there after I finished telling the story there was like a gentleman seated three rows was like a gentleman seated three rows was like a gentleman seated three rows deep okay somewhere there every time I deep okay somewhere there every time I deep okay somewhere there every time I mentioned Mr. Argus he reacted quite mentioned Mr. Argus he reacted quite mentioned Mr. Argus he reacted quite loudly he's a 45 year old man my senior loudly he's a 45 year old man my senior loudly he's a 45 year old man my senior right so I said do are you from Bukit right so I said do are you from Bukit right so I said do are you from Bukit Banan boy school he said yeah said uh do Banan boy school he said yeah said uh do Banan boy school he said yeah said uh do you know Mr. Argus he said yes and then you know Mr. Argus he said yes and then you know Mr. Argus he said yes and then he he said loud enough for the whole he he said loud enough for the whole he he said loud enough for the whole room to hear I heard Mr. I guess passed room to hear I heard Mr. I guess passed room to hear I heard Mr. I guess passed away. Now I know he's still alive, away. Now I know he's still alive, away. Now I know he's still alive, but I couldn't help but [\h__\h] with him. but I couldn't help but [\h__\h] with him. but I couldn't help but [\h__\h] with him. Said, "No, actually uh he's still alive. Said, "No, actually uh he's still alive. Said, "No, actually uh he's still alive. In fact, sir, he's just right there." In fact, sir, he's just right there." In fact, sir, he's just right there." Okay. And the guy said, "Huh? Really? Okay. And the guy said, "Huh? Really? Okay. And the guy said, "Huh? Really? He's 45 years old. He's still afraid of He's 45 years old. He's still afraid of He's 45 years old. He's still afraid of Mr. A. Mr. A. Mr. A. He's still afraid of Mr. His but Mr. A guess that story left an but Mr. A guess that story left an but Mr. A guess that story left an indelible mark in in my brain you know indelible mark in in my brain you know indelible mark in in my brain you know because he taught me a lot of lessons because he taught me a lot of lessons because he taught me a lot of lessons right Mr. I guess I've been telling you right Mr. I guess I've been telling you right Mr. I guess I've been telling you stories of when he's been aggressive but stories of when he's been aggressive but stories of when he's been aggressive but he was not always aggressive but when he he was not always aggressive but when he he was not always aggressive but when he was he was very strategic about his was he was very strategic about his was he was very strategic about his aggression which taught me don't be aggression which taught me don't be aggression which taught me don't be unnecessarily aggressive right sometimes unnecessarily aggressive right sometimes unnecessarily aggressive right sometimes in my career I've been unnecessarily in my career I've been unnecessarily in my career I've been unnecessarily aggressive you know I spent a lot of aggressive you know I spent a lot of aggressive you know I spent a lot of time on uh Twitter last time always time on uh Twitter last time always time on uh Twitter last time always picking fights with people on Twitter picking fights with people on Twitter picking fights with people on Twitter you know um not good so I have to leave you know um not good so I have to leave you know um not good so I have to leave Twitter for my mental health and uh I Twitter for my mental health and uh I Twitter for my mental health and uh I now spend a lot of time on Instagram now spend a lot of time on Instagram now spend a lot of time on Instagram which is uh quite nice which is uh quite nice which is uh quite nice you know girls showing booms it's very you know girls showing booms it's very you know girls showing booms it's very nice it's good Oh, nice it's good Oh, nice it's good Oh, but I also noticed now there's a trend but I also noticed now there's a trend but I also noticed now there's a trend of people sharing motivational quotes on of people sharing motivational quotes on of people sharing motivational quotes on Instagram which is quite nice. I enjoy Instagram which is quite nice. I enjoy Instagram which is quite nice. I enjoy it. But every once in a while there will it. But every once in a while there will it. But every once in a while there will come a motivational quote which doesn't come a motivational quote which doesn't come a motivational quote which doesn't make much sense. It just sounds cool. make much sense. It just sounds cool. make much sense. It just sounds cool. But you think about it sounds rubbish. But you think about it sounds rubbish. But you think about it sounds rubbish. This one quote caught my eye recently. This one quote caught my eye recently. This one quote caught my eye recently. I'm sure it reached will reach you I'm sure it reached will reach you I'm sure it reached will reach you through the algorithm one day. The quote through the algorithm one day. The quote through the algorithm one day. The quote goes something. It's not my own but the goes something. It's not my own but the goes something. It's not my own but the quote goes like this. Okay. Because quote goes like this. Okay. Because quote goes like this. Okay. Because better to be a warrior in the garden better to be a warrior in the garden better to be a warrior in the garden than a gardener in a war. This is philosophical. This is philosophical. This is philosophical. It's always shared by men. Always shared It's always shared by men. Always shared It's always shared by men. Always shared by men. Okay. This is the male version by men. Okay. This is the male version by men. Okay. This is the male version of the female. If you can't handle me at of the female. If you can't handle me at of the female. If you can't handle me at my worst, you don't deserve me at my best. Same you don't deserve me at my best. Same you don't deserve me at my best. Same [\h__\h] Same [\h__\h] [\h__\h] Same [\h__\h] [\h__\h] Same [\h__\h] Better to be a warrior in the garden Better to be a warrior in the garden Better to be a warrior in the garden than a gardener in the war, right? than a gardener in the war, right? than a gardener in the war, right? Always shared by men with too much Always shared by men with too much Always shared by men with too much muscles, too few friends, spend too much muscles, too few friends, spend too much muscles, too few friends, spend too much time in the gym, always surrounded by time in the gym, always surrounded by time in the gym, always surrounded by whenever they this they share the quote, whenever they this they share the quote, whenever they this they share the quote, it's always surrounded by photos of it's always surrounded by photos of it's always surrounded by photos of wolves, lions, everything on fire. It's wolves, lions, everything on fire. It's wolves, lions, everything on fire. It's very macho. Okay. Now, I get the very macho. Okay. Now, I get the very macho. Okay. Now, I get the message, right? The message of the quote message, right? The message of the quote message, right? The message of the quote is better to be prepared than is better to be prepared than is better to be prepared than unprepared. I get it. But you put it unprepared. I get it. But you put it unprepared. I get it. But you put it that way, it sounds stupid. It doesn't that way, it sounds stupid. It doesn't that way, it sounds stupid. It doesn't survive surface level analysis. survive surface level analysis. survive surface level analysis. Let's talk about these two people. This Let's talk about these two people. This Let's talk about these two people. This gardener and a warrior. Let's talk about gardener and a warrior. Let's talk about gardener and a warrior. Let's talk about them. Okay. So, there is a war and this them. Okay. So, there is a war and this them. Okay. So, there is a war and this gardener shows up. He's ready to fight gardener shows up. He's ready to fight gardener shows up. He's ready to fight in a war. He knows he's not a warrior. in a war. He knows he's not a warrior. in a war. He knows he's not a warrior. He has no weapons, no armor. Shows up He has no weapons, no armor. Shows up He has no weapons, no armor. Shows up wearing overalls, wearing overalls, wearing overalls, watering can, watering can, watering can, some seeds, but he's ready to fight in a some seeds, but he's ready to fight in a some seeds, but he's ready to fight in a war. I argue it takes more courage to be war. I argue it takes more courage to be war. I argue it takes more courage to be a gardener in a war than a warrior in a gardener in a war than a warrior in a gardener in a war than a warrior in the war. A warrior in the war is just the war. A warrior in the war is just the war. A warrior in the war is just doing his job. A gardener in the war is doing his job. A gardener in the war is doing his job. A gardener in the war is [\h__\h] insane. [\h__\h] insane. [\h__\h] insane. And who's to say gardeners are useless And who's to say gardeners are useless And who's to say gardeners are useless in wars? No. Gardeners are useful. They in wars? No. Gardeners are useful. They in wars? No. Gardeners are useful. They can dig trenches, hide bodies, can dig trenches, hide bodies, can dig trenches, hide bodies, they can plant things and feed the army. they can plant things and feed the army. they can plant things and feed the army. Historically, the number one killer of Historically, the number one killer of Historically, the number one killer of armies on a march is famine and hunger. armies on a march is famine and hunger. armies on a march is famine and hunger. So, ironically, if you want to wage So, ironically, if you want to wage So, ironically, if you want to wage long-distance war, you better bring some long-distance war, you better bring some long-distance war, you better bring some gardeners, man. gardeners, man. gardeners, man. Now, meanwhile, on the other hand, there Now, meanwhile, on the other hand, there Now, meanwhile, on the other hand, there is a war and this warrior is in the is a war and this warrior is in the is a war and this warrior is in the garden. garden. garden. What the [\h__\h] you doing in the garden, What the [\h__\h] you doing in the garden, What the [\h__\h] you doing in the garden, bro? The war is there. There are no wars bro? The war is there. There are no wars bro? The war is there. There are no wars fought in gardens. A warrior in the fought in gardens. A warrior in the fought in gardens. A warrior in the garden is lost. How you got into the garden is lost. How you got into the garden is lost. How you got into the garden? The garden left, right, for the garden? The garden left, right, for the garden? The garden left, right, for the war. war. war. And it's so uninspiring, right? The king And it's so uninspiring, right? The king And it's so uninspiring, right? The king has commanded all his soldiers to defend has commanded all his soldiers to defend has commanded all his soldiers to defend the nation to the death. The fate of the the nation to the death. The fate of the the nation to the death. The fate of the kingdom hangs on the balance of this kingdom hangs on the balance of this kingdom hangs on the balance of this war. His fellow warriors are bleeding on war. His fellow warriors are bleeding on war. His fellow warriors are bleeding on the battleground, giving up their lives the battleground, giving up their lives the battleground, giving up their lives to the nation. This warrior, the roses to the nation. This warrior, the roses to the nation. This warrior, the roses smell nice. What the [\h__\h] And this quote came to my mind recently And this quote came to my mind recently And this quote came to my mind recently because of a very unpleasant incident. because of a very unpleasant incident. because of a very unpleasant incident. Before I tell you about this incident, I Before I tell you about this incident, I Before I tell you about this incident, I have to finish you with a very important have to finish you with a very important have to finish you with a very important note before I tell this story. Important note before I tell this story. Important note before I tell this story. Important for the context of this story. Okay, for the context of this story. Okay, for the context of this story. Okay, I've said it before, I'll say it again. I've said it before, I'll say it again. I've said it before, I'll say it again. My wife is Indian. My wife is Indian. My wife is Indian. Important, huh? Okay, so last year, my Important, huh? Okay, so last year, my Important, huh? Okay, so last year, my wife's cousin, who is also Indian, wife's cousin, who is also Indian, wife's cousin, who is also Indian, she invited us to a house for the she invited us to a house for the she invited us to a house for the birthday party of a 2-year-old son. The birthday party of a 2-year-old son. The birthday party of a 2-year-old son. The son is also Indian. son is also Indian. son is also Indian. So, we go to the party, we have a nice So, we go to the party, we have a nice So, we go to the party, we have a nice time, you know, the party starts to time, you know, the party starts to time, you know, the party starts to dwindle down and I'm outside in the lawn dwindle down and I'm outside in the lawn dwindle down and I'm outside in the lawn striking up the conversation with the striking up the conversation with the striking up the conversation with the boy's father, the host of the party, my boy's father, the host of the party, my boy's father, the host of the party, my Indian wife's Indian cousin's husband Indian wife's Indian cousin's husband Indian wife's Indian cousin's husband who is also Indian. who is also Indian. who is also Indian. So, we're having a good time, two So, we're having a good time, two So, we're having a good time, two fathers bonding. Then he motions for us fathers bonding. Then he motions for us fathers bonding. Then he motions for us to sit down on the chair in the lawn. to sit down on the chair in the lawn. to sit down on the chair in the lawn. So, we sat down and he got two of his So, we sat down and he got two of his So, we sat down and he got two of his other friends to join in. Right. And other friends to join in. Right. And other friends to join in. Right. And these two friends of his are also these two friends of his are also these two friends of his are also Indian. Okay. I like it how every time I Indian. Okay. I like it how every time I Indian. Okay. I like it how every time I say the word Indian the tension in the say the word Indian the tension in the say the word Indian the tension in the room rises. room rises. room rises. I could have easily said I was the only I could have easily said I was the only I could have easily said I was the only one there not Indian but I prefer this one there not Indian but I prefer this one there not Indian but I prefer this method of storytelling. method of storytelling. method of storytelling. So having a quite a nice time and after So having a quite a nice time and after So having a quite a nice time and after a while uh the host of the party I don't a while uh the host of the party I don't a while uh the host of the party I don't want to say his name David want to say his name David want to say his name David that's his real name. So David gets a that's his real name. So David gets a that's his real name. So David gets a notification on his phone. He picks up notification on his phone. He picks up notification on his phone. He picks up the phone. There's a news article about the phone. There's a news article about the phone. There's a news article about Malaysia news. He reads it. He gets Malaysia news. He reads it. He gets Malaysia news. He reads it. He gets really riled up for no reason. He puts really riled up for no reason. He puts really riled up for no reason. He puts the phone back in his pocket. And then the phone back in his pocket. And then the phone back in his pocket. And then when he speaks, you can tell the voice when he speaks, you can tell the voice when he speaks, you can tell the voice has changed. His face is contorted, has changed. His face is contorted, has changed. His face is contorted, right? He's angry now. He says right? He's angry now. He says right? He's angry now. He says rhetorically, you know, this country rhetorically, you know, this country rhetorically, you know, this country Malaysia is going to the dogs. I'm like, Malaysia is going to the dogs. I'm like, Malaysia is going to the dogs. I'm like, bro, why are they so angry? He relax, bro, why are they so angry? He relax, bro, why are they so angry? He relax, man. We're at a party. You know, just man. We're at a party. You know, just man. We're at a party. You know, just calm down, man. We're having a good time calm down, man. We're having a good time calm down, man. We're having a good time here out in the lawn. Relax, bro. We're here out in the lawn. Relax, bro. We're here out in the lawn. Relax, bro. We're all friends here, right? But I didn't all friends here, right? But I didn't all friends here, right? But I didn't say I kept quiet. say I kept quiet. say I kept quiet. Then David Subraman continues. You know why? Because there's too much You know why? Because there's too much You know why? Because there's too much [\h__\h] corruption in Malaysia. Bro, now [\h__\h] corruption in Malaysia. Bro, now [\h__\h] corruption in Malaysia. Bro, now you're using foul language. There are you're using foul language. There are you're using foul language. There are children here. They can hear you. It's children here. They can hear you. It's children here. They can hear you. It's not pleasant. What happened to the nice not pleasant. What happened to the nice not pleasant. What happened to the nice David just now? Right. D aggression, David just now? Right. D aggression, David just now? Right. D aggression, bro. Again, I didn't say this. bro. Again, I didn't say this. bro. Again, I didn't say this. I didn't dare to say anything because I I didn't dare to say anything because I I didn't dare to say anything because I was outnumbered. Okay. So David continues, right? David who So David continues, right? David who So David continues, right? David who works in IT works in IT works in IT office is in Kualalumpo office is in Kualalumpo office is in Kualalumpo and his house is okay. and his house is okay. and his house is okay. So David goes on, you know why there's So David goes on, you know why there's So David goes on, you know why there's so much corruption in Malaysia? It's so much corruption in Malaysia? It's so much corruption in Malaysia? It's because of all these greedy Chinese because of all these greedy Chinese because of all these greedy Chinese people giving bribes. And when he said it like our faces were And when he said it like our faces were And when he said it like our faces were just one arm's length away. I genuinely just one arm's length away. I genuinely just one arm's length away. I genuinely have never seen this like unbridled have never seen this like unbridled have never seen this like unbridled racism in my face. Full blasted racism. racism in my face. Full blasted racism. racism in my face. Full blasted racism. And when it happened, I swear my brain And when it happened, I swear my brain And when it happened, I swear my brain in defense came out with the stupidest in defense came out with the stupidest in defense came out with the stupidest thought I've ever had in my life. thought I've ever had in my life. thought I've ever had in my life. I thought, "Oh my god, have I stopped I thought, "Oh my god, have I stopped I thought, "Oh my god, have I stopped being Chinese? Have I become Indian? Have I become Indian? Have I become Indian? Have I spontaneously changed my race or Have I spontaneously changed my race or Have I spontaneously changed my race or have I somehow established such good have I somehow established such good have I somehow established such good rapport with this guy that he has rapport with this guy that he has rapport with this guy that he has forgotten that I am the member of the forgotten that I am the member of the forgotten that I am the member of the race that he secretly hates? race that he secretly hates? race that he secretly hates? Right? And let's be fair, let's be Right? And let's be fair, let's be Right? And let's be fair, let's be honest. When he said that, it was a very honest. When he said that, it was a very honest. When he said that, it was a very dangerous situation for David. Let's be dangerous situation for David. Let's be dangerous situation for David. Let's be fair, but it was an even more dangerous fair, but it was an even more dangerous fair, but it was an even more dangerous situation for me because I am a situation for me because I am a situation for me because I am a 39year-old Malaysian Chinese comedian. 39year-old Malaysian Chinese comedian. 39year-old Malaysian Chinese comedian. Do you know how many racist Indian jokes Do you know how many racist Indian jokes Do you know how many racist Indian jokes I have in my head? I have in my head? I have in my head? I have a lot, man. Every year I think of I have a lot, man. Every year I think of I have a lot, man. Every year I think of new ones. You understand? And I want to I want to clarify And I want to I want to clarify And I want to I want to clarify something. Okay. I am not racist towards something. Okay. I am not racist towards something. Okay. I am not racist towards Indian people. I just have racist jokes Indian people. I just have racist jokes Indian people. I just have racist jokes about them. Okay? Very different. I am about them. Okay? Very different. I am about them. Okay? Very different. I am not racist towards Indian people. Right? not racist towards Indian people. Right? not racist towards Indian people. Right? I love Indian people. My wife is Indian. I love Indian people. My wife is Indian. I love Indian people. My wife is Indian. My in-laws are Indian. Mr. A is Indian. My in-laws are Indian. Mr. A is Indian. My in-laws are Indian. Mr. A is Indian. All my best friends, they are here All my best friends, they are here All my best friends, they are here today. They're Indian. I grew up with today. They're Indian. I grew up with today. They're Indian. I grew up with Indian people, right? My cello friends Indian people, right? My cello friends Indian people, right? My cello friends are all Indian. I know so much about are all Indian. I know so much about are all Indian. I know so much about Indian culture, Indian life, Indian Indian culture, Indian life, Indian Indian culture, Indian life, Indian heritage, Indian traditions. I know heritage, Indian traditions. I know heritage, Indian traditions. I know about the Indian people's triumphs. I about the Indian people's triumphs. I about the Indian people's triumphs. I know about their struggles. I know know about their struggles. I know know about their struggles. I know Indian people so well. That's why I have Indian people so well. That's why I have Indian people so well. That's why I have so many racist jokes about them. so many racist jokes about them. so many racist jokes about them. Other people's racism comes from hatred Other people's racism comes from hatred Other people's racism comes from hatred and ignorance. Mine comes from love. and ignorance. Mine comes from love. and ignorance. Mine comes from love. My racist jokes come from love. You My racist jokes come from love. You My racist jokes come from love. You understand? understand? understand? But I'm very proud of myself at that But I'm very proud of myself at that But I'm very proud of myself at that moment, my friends. I kept calm. Didn't moment, my friends. I kept calm. Didn't moment, my friends. I kept calm. Didn't say anything. Kept my composure. I was say anything. Kept my composure. I was say anything. Kept my composure. I was like, "Yeah, yeah, Chinese. Yes, yes, like, "Yeah, yeah, Chinese. Yes, yes, like, "Yeah, yeah, Chinese. Yes, yes, Chinese bread. Chinese Chinese bad. Chinese bread. Chinese Chinese bad. Chinese bread. Chinese Chinese bad. Chinese bad." Chinese bad." Chinese bad." Now, David is not an idiot. Okay. He Now, David is not an idiot. Okay. He Now, David is not an idiot. Okay. He knows he [\h__\h] up. So, he tries to knows he [\h__\h] up. So, he tries to knows he [\h__\h] up. So, he tries to change the subject, right? All these change the subject, right? All these change the subject, right? All these greedy Chinese people giving bribes greedy Chinese people giving bribes greedy Chinese people giving bribes today. Very hot, huh? Wow. Wow. What a today. Very hot, huh? Wow. Wow. What a today. Very hot, huh? Wow. Wow. What a seamless transition. But it's okay. I decided to give him the But it's okay. I decided to give him the But it's okay. I decided to give him the out. Right. Play along. Let's get the out. Right. Play along. Let's get the out. Right. Play along. Let's get the [\h__\h] away from this awkward situation. I [\h__\h] away from this awkward situation. I [\h__\h] away from this awkward situation. I like, "Yeah, yeah. Very hot. Very hot." like, "Yeah, yeah. Very hot. Very hot." like, "Yeah, yeah. Very hot. Very hot." Right. Very hot. Yeah. I've been Right. Very hot. Yeah. I've been Right. Very hot. Yeah. I've been sweating, David. I've been sweating. Can sweating, David. I've been sweating. Can sweating, David. I've been sweating. Can you see? I'm sweating just now. I've you see? I'm sweating just now. I've you see? I'm sweating just now. I've been sweating just now. Very, very hot. been sweating just now. Very, very hot. been sweating just now. Very, very hot. And he's the host. He He has to be nice, And he's the host. He He has to be nice, And he's the host. He He has to be nice, right? He saw my daughter playing in the right? He saw my daughter playing in the right? He saw my daughter playing in the distance. He goes, "Ah, Jason, I can distance. He goes, "Ah, Jason, I can distance. He goes, "Ah, Jason, I can tell that Arya, my daughter, Arya is tell that Arya, my daughter, Arya is tell that Arya, my daughter, Arya is going to grow up to be a beautiful going to grow up to be a beautiful going to grow up to be a beautiful girl." I said, "Oh, thank you." The girl." I said, "Oh, thank you." The girl." I said, "Oh, thank you." The moment we go back to that normal level moment we go back to that normal level moment we go back to that normal level of conversation again, the mask slips of conversation again, the mask slips of conversation again, the mask slips again. He goes back to default racist again. He goes back to default racist again. He goes back to default racist mode. He can't help himself. He must say mode. He can't help himself. He must say mode. He can't help himself. He must say this. And I'm sure Arya will get all her this. And I'm sure Arya will get all her this. And I'm sure Arya will get all her beautiful features from her Indian beautiful features from her Indian beautiful features from her Indian mother. Now it's two zero. Who's counting? I am. Who's counting? I am. Who's counting? I am. I am now like Ultra Man in the final I am now like Ultra Man in the final I am now like Ultra Man in the final minutes of a typical Ultra Man episode. minutes of a typical Ultra Man episode. minutes of a typical Ultra Man episode. I'm losing the fight against the I'm losing the fight against the I'm losing the fight against the monster, but my red light is blinking. Say something racist now. So I have to say something racist back. So I have to say something racist back. So I have to say something racist back. Okay, at least one, two, come on. So Okay, at least one, two, come on. So Okay, at least one, two, come on. So quick as a flash I said, "Yeah, I'm sure quick as a flash I said, "Yeah, I'm sure quick as a flash I said, "Yeah, I'm sure Arya will get all the beautiful features Arya will get all the beautiful features Arya will get all the beautiful features from an Indian mother, but I like to from an Indian mother, but I like to from an Indian mother, but I like to think that I will contribute a very think that I will contribute a very think that I will contribute a very important feature as a Chinese father." important feature as a Chinese father." important feature as a Chinese father." And he goes, "What?" And I go, And he goes, "What?" And I go, And he goes, "What?" And I go, "Financial security. I felt so bad the moment it escaped my I felt so bad the moment it escaped my I felt so bad the moment it escaped my list. I felt so bad because you see, I list. I felt so bad because you see, I list. I felt so bad because you see, I tell jokes for a living. I get paid to tell jokes for a living. I get paid to tell jokes for a living. I get paid to tell jokes. I get paid to insult people. tell jokes. I get paid to insult people. tell jokes. I get paid to insult people. This guy is an outmatch opponent. He had This guy is an outmatch opponent. He had This guy is an outmatch opponent. He had no chance. no chance. no chance. He has no verbal skills. He's an IT. He has no verbal skills. He's an IT. He has no verbal skills. He's an IT. And there I am being overly aggressive, And there I am being overly aggressive, And there I am being overly aggressive, pummeling him with my jokes, verbally, pummeling him with my jokes, verbally, pummeling him with my jokes, verbally, being unnecessary aggressive towards him being unnecessary aggressive towards him being unnecessary aggressive towards him in his own house, in his own lawn. I in his own house, in his own lawn. I in his own house, in his own lawn. I have become the warrior in the garden. And now to balance the scales, I'm going And now to balance the scales, I'm going And now to balance the scales, I'm going to make fun of Chinese people. to make fun of Chinese people. to make fun of Chinese people. Now to some of the non-Chinese here they Now to some of the non-Chinese here they Now to some of the non-Chinese here they may not know this but for us Chinese we may not know this but for us Chinese we may not know this but for us Chinese we have a very important pillar in Chinese have a very important pillar in Chinese have a very important pillar in Chinese life and culture which is this idea this life and culture which is this idea this life and culture which is this idea this concept of ancestral worship. Okay. Now concept of ancestral worship. Okay. Now concept of ancestral worship. Okay. Now the idea is that we worship our the idea is that we worship our the idea is that we worship our ancestors so that they may bestow upon ancestors so that they may bestow upon ancestors so that they may bestow upon us blessings and guidance in our lives us blessings and guidance in our lives us blessings and guidance in our lives today. Now I understand the blessings today. Now I understand the blessings today. Now I understand the blessings part. I don't understand the guidance part. I don't understand the guidance part. I don't understand the guidance part. Why do we need to seek guidance part. Why do we need to seek guidance part. Why do we need to seek guidance from people who live and die thousands from people who live and die thousands from people who live and die thousands of years ago on how to live our lives of years ago on how to live our lives of years ago on how to live our lives today? They have no idea how to live today? They have no idea how to live today? They have no idea how to live modern lives. Now to illustrate, I don't modern lives. Now to illustrate, I don't modern lives. Now to illustrate, I don't even ask for much guidance from my own even ask for much guidance from my own even ask for much guidance from my own father. And we're one generation apart. father. And we're one generation apart. father. And we're one generation apart. No, seriously, imagine I ask my dad, 65 No, seriously, imagine I ask my dad, 65 No, seriously, imagine I ask my dad, 65 years old, uh, dad, let me ask you, uh, years old, uh, dad, let me ask you, uh, years old, uh, dad, let me ask you, uh, how would I optimize my social media how would I optimize my social media how would I optimize my social media algorithm algorithm algorithm so that I can sell more tickets? Your so that I can sell more tickets? Your so that I can sell more tickets? Your what algorithm? what algorithm? what algorithm? Oh, you do dancing now. Oh, you do dancing now. Oh, you do dancing now. It's okay. I ask someone else. I ask It's okay. I ask someone else. I ask It's okay. I ask someone else. I ask someone else. Hey, you should ask me, someone else. Hey, you should ask me, someone else. Hey, you should ask me, man. I'm your father. I'm your old man. man. I'm your father. I'm your old man. man. I'm your father. I'm your old man. Don't you know I've eaten more salt Don't you know I've eaten more salt Don't you know I've eaten more salt than you eat rice? than you eat rice? than you eat rice? That's why you have hypertension. That's That's why you have hypertension. That's That's why you have hypertension. That's why you stop stop the salt. one of the biggest crisis of my life. one of the biggest crisis of my life. one of the biggest crisis of my life. Four years ago, my daughter was born and Four years ago, my daughter was born and Four years ago, my daughter was born and when she was 6 months old, she was when she was 6 months old, she was when she was 6 months old, she was always falling ill, not sleeping well, always falling ill, not sleeping well, always falling ill, not sleeping well, not eating well. And the most dangerous not eating well. And the most dangerous not eating well. And the most dangerous sign for her was that her weight was sign for her was that her weight was sign for her was that her weight was dropping off. She was losing weight. dropping off. She was losing weight. dropping off. She was losing weight. Dangerous sign for a six-month old Dangerous sign for a six-month old Dangerous sign for a six-month old infant. Now imagine instead of infant. Now imagine instead of infant. Now imagine instead of consulting modern doctors of the day, consulting modern doctors of the day, consulting modern doctors of the day, pediatricians, instead I consulted my pediatricians, instead I consulted my pediatricians, instead I consulted my ancestors. Imagine there's an ancestor ancestors. Imagine there's an ancestor ancestors. Imagine there's an ancestor hotline hotline hotline for me to call to talk to talk to my for me to call to talk to talk to my for me to call to talk to talk to my ancestors, right? Pick up the phone, ancestors, right? Pick up the phone, ancestors, right? Pick up the phone, dial my ancestors. Okay. Ancestor. 44 dial my ancestors. Okay. Ancestor. 44 dial my ancestors. Okay. Ancestor. 44 444 444 444. Uh, excuse me. Can you please connect me Uh, excuse me. Can you please connect me Uh, excuse me. Can you please connect me to my ancestor? Connect me to my to my ancestor? Connect me to my to my ancestor? Connect me to my ancestor from the Ming dynasty. ancestor from the Ming dynasty. ancestor from the Ming dynasty. Hello, my son. I'm your ancestor from Hello, my son. I'm your ancestor from Hello, my son. I'm your ancestor from from the Ming dynasty. How can I help from the Ming dynasty. How can I help from the Ming dynasty. How can I help you? Uh, hello. My name is Jason. I'm you? Uh, hello. My name is Jason. I'm you? Uh, hello. My name is Jason. I'm from the year 2020. Uh, I'm from from the year 2020. Uh, I'm from from the year 2020. Uh, I'm from Malaysia. Oh, Malaysia. Uh, tomorrow's Malaysia. Oh, Malaysia. Uh, tomorrow's Malaysia. Oh, Malaysia. Uh, tomorrow's lottery number. No, no, no, no, no, lottery number. No, no, no, no, no, lottery number. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Uh, I have a healthcare no, no, no. Uh, I have a healthcare no, no, no. Uh, I have a healthcare medical question. Are you up to it? medical question. Are you up to it? medical question. Are you up to it? Healthcare? Of course. Back in the Ming Healthcare? Of course. Back in the Ming Healthcare? Of course. Back in the Ming dynasty. I lived up to a ripable age of dynasty. I lived up to a ripable age of dynasty. I lived up to a ripable age of 43. Okay. Uh, I have a baby daughter, 6 Okay. Uh, I have a baby daughter, 6 Okay. Uh, I have a baby daughter, 6 months old, very ill, weight dropping months old, very ill, weight dropping months old, very ill, weight dropping off. What is your guidance? This guy, my off. What is your guidance? This guy, my off. What is your guidance? This guy, my ancestor, different type, different ancestor, different type, different ancestor, different type, different culture, different era. culture, different era. culture, different era. Your baby daughter. Yeah, my baby daughter. Oh, then let it Yeah, my baby daughter. Oh, then let it Yeah, my baby daughter. Oh, then let it die. die. die. It's a girl, isn't it? Let it die. Put It's a girl, isn't it? Let it die. Put It's a girl, isn't it? Let it die. Put in a rubbish bin, then make a boy. Don't in a rubbish bin, then make a boy. Don't in a rubbish bin, then make a boy. Don't waste your time with girls. waste your time with girls. waste your time with girls. Historically, I create a job. Don't be Historically, I create a job. Don't be Historically, I create a job. Don't be angry at me. Be angry at the Ming angry at me. Be angry at the Ming angry at me. Be angry at the Ming dynasty. Okay. dynasty. Okay. dynasty. Okay. But to be fair, I don't want this system But to be fair, I don't want this system But to be fair, I don't want this system of ancestor worship to still exist in of ancestor worship to still exist in of ancestor worship to still exist in the future where now I have died. I the future where now I have died. I the future where now I have died. I become an ancestor, right? I'm up there become an ancestor, right? I'm up there become an ancestor, right? I'm up there in atheist heaven enjoying a [\h__\h] from your angel. enjoying a [\h__\h] from your angel. enjoying a [\h__\h] from your angel. The angel also atheist. It's okay. The angel also atheist. It's okay. The angel also atheist. It's okay. Then I get a phone call. Ring ring. Ah, Then I get a phone call. Ring ring. Ah, Then I get a phone call. Ring ring. Ah, [\h__\h] Okay. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. [\h__\h] Okay. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. [\h__\h] Okay. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Yeah. What the [\h__\h] do you want? He's my Yeah. What the [\h__\h] do you want? He's my Yeah. What the [\h__\h] do you want? He's my descendant. Hello ancestor. Uh we are descendant. Hello ancestor. Uh we are descendant. Hello ancestor. Uh we are your descendants from 2,000 years after your descendants from 2,000 years after your descendants from 2,000 years after you died. Uh we are facing a major you died. Uh we are facing a major you died. Uh we are facing a major crisis. Earth is about to be bombarded crisis. Earth is about to be bombarded crisis. Earth is about to be bombarded with 50 different asteroids will split with 50 different asteroids will split with 50 different asteroids will split the planet into two. Mass extinction the planet into two. Mass extinction the planet into two. Mass extinction event. Meanwhile, the radioactive waste event. Meanwhile, the radioactive waste event. Meanwhile, the radioactive waste has spread to 75% of the planet surface. has spread to 75% of the planet surface. has spread to 75% of the planet surface. The oceans are boiling and humanity is The oceans are boiling and humanity is The oceans are boiling and humanity is losing the war against the AI controlled losing the war against the AI controlled losing the war against the AI controlled robots. What is your guidance? robots. What is your guidance? robots. What is your guidance? stand up comedian. stand up comedian. stand up comedian. My guidance. Uh okay. Uh I've always said that it's Uh okay. Uh I've always said that it's Uh okay. Uh I've always said that it's uh better to be a warrior in the garden. Uh hello. Hello. Hello. As a comedian, I I like I said, I travel As a comedian, I I like I said, I travel As a comedian, I I like I said, I travel around the world and sometimes I see around the world and sometimes I see around the world and sometimes I see things in other countries which I wish things in other countries which I wish things in other countries which I wish happened for our country. You know, um happened for our country. You know, um happened for our country. You know, um two years ago, Singapore did a pretty two years ago, Singapore did a pretty two years ago, Singapore did a pretty cool thing. Okay, Singapore, for all cool thing. Okay, Singapore, for all cool thing. Okay, Singapore, for all their faults, did a pretty cool thing. their faults, did a pretty cool thing. their faults, did a pretty cool thing. I'm being serious. Singapore actually I'm being serious. Singapore actually I'm being serious. Singapore actually repealed section 377A of their penal repealed section 377A of their penal repealed section 377A of their penal code. Right now, that law criminalizes code. Right now, that law criminalizes code. Right now, that law criminalizes gay sex. That law is gone now. So, it's gay sex. That law is gone now. So, it's gay sex. That law is gone now. So, it's no longer a crime to be gay in no longer a crime to be gay in no longer a crime to be gay in Singapore. That's very nice, very cool. Singapore. That's very nice, very cool. Singapore. That's very nice, very cool. I'm very happy for my gay friends in I'm very happy for my gay friends in I'm very happy for my gay friends in Singapore. But when I talk to them, they Singapore. But when I talk to them, they Singapore. But when I talk to them, they also say that it's not true equality also say that it's not true equality also say that it's not true equality because uh they've actually made it because uh they've actually made it because uh they've actually made it harder for same-sex marriages to happen harder for same-sex marriages to happen harder for same-sex marriages to happen in Singapore. And that's not true in Singapore. And that's not true in Singapore. And that's not true equality. And I can empathize with that. equality. And I can empathize with that. equality. And I can empathize with that. But when I look at it from the lens of a But when I look at it from the lens of a But when I look at it from the lens of a straight married man, I can't help but straight married man, I can't help but straight married man, I can't help but think that that is a double win. You think that that is a double win. You think that that is a double win. You know what I mean? Think about it. The know what I mean? Think about it. The know what I mean? Think about it. The government says you can have sex but government says you can have sex but government says you can have sex but cannot get married. That is a double cannot get married. That is a double cannot get married. That is a double win, man. win, man. win, man. Like how often do you see married people Like how often do you see married people Like how often do you see married people going, you know what, getting married going, you know what, getting married going, you know what, getting married was the best decision of my life. It was the best decision of my life. It was the best decision of my life. It really happens. Okay? And if you're gay really happens. Okay? And if you're gay really happens. Okay? And if you're gay in Singapore, you're in a uniquely in Singapore, you're in a uniquely in Singapore, you're in a uniquely advantageous position cuz we Asians, advantageous position cuz we Asians, advantageous position cuz we Asians, right? We straight Asians, we have to do right? We straight Asians, we have to do right? We straight Asians, we have to do the whole song and dance, you know, like the whole song and dance, you know, like the whole song and dance, you know, like every time Chinese New Year or a family every time Chinese New Year or a family every time Chinese New Year or a family gathering that you want stupid auntie or gathering that you want stupid auntie or gathering that you want stupid auntie or uncle, no boundaries. Hey, when you uncle, no boundaries. Hey, when you uncle, no boundaries. Hey, when you getting married, when you getting getting married, when you getting getting married, when you getting married, when you getting married and we married, when you getting married and we married, when you getting married and we have to do the whole song and dance, no, have to do the whole song and dance, no, have to do the whole song and dance, no, I'm too old. I don't know. Nobody wants I'm too old. I don't know. Nobody wants I'm too old. I don't know. Nobody wants me. Too ugly. Travel. I want my career. me. Too ugly. Travel. I want my career. me. Too ugly. Travel. I want my career. You you find for me. I don't know. I I You you find for me. I don't know. I I You you find for me. I don't know. I I don't know how to find someone. I don't don't know how to find someone. I don't don't know how to find someone. I don't know. know. know. It's [\h__\h] But if you're gay in It's [\h__\h] But if you're gay in It's [\h__\h] But if you're gay in Singapore, you can go. No, cannot. Singapore, you can go. No, cannot. Singapore, you can go. No, cannot. I'm a law-abiding citizen. In fact, auntie, you ask me to get In fact, auntie, you ask me to get In fact, auntie, you ask me to get married, that is a crime. married, that is a crime. married, that is a crime. Hello, police. Hello, police. Hello, police. My auntie is committed crime of having My auntie is committed crime of having My auntie is committed crime of having no boundaries. no boundaries. no boundaries. And I'm jealous because if you cannot And I'm jealous because if you cannot And I'm jealous because if you cannot get married, you don't have to plan a get married, you don't have to plan a get married, you don't have to plan a wedding. Planning a wedding is the wedding. Planning a wedding is the wedding. Planning a wedding is the biggest pile of [\h__\h] And the biggest pile of [\h__\h] And the biggest pile of [\h__\h] And the biggest pile of [\h__\h] in that pile is biggest pile of [\h__\h] in that pile is biggest pile of [\h__\h] in that pile is planning your pre-wedding photography. planning your pre-wedding photography. planning your pre-wedding photography. Pre-wedding photography is [\h__\h] Pre-wedding photography is [\h__\h] Pre-wedding photography is [\h__\h] man. Where you have to pay thousands of man. Where you have to pay thousands of man. Where you have to pay thousands of ringit to take photos where you will ringit to take photos where you will ringit to take photos where you will never look like that in a million years. never look like that in a million years. never look like that in a million years. I don't recognize any of my friends in I don't recognize any of my friends in I don't recognize any of my friends in their pre-wedding photography. And I'm their pre-wedding photography. And I'm their pre-wedding photography. And I'm so sorry. I love Indian people but so sorry. I love Indian people but so sorry. I love Indian people but Indian people your pre-writtening Indian people your pre-writtening Indian people your pre-writtening photography is the most ridiculous. photography is the most ridiculous. photography is the most ridiculous. I can say this my wife Indian. It's I can say this my wife Indian. It's I can say this my wife Indian. It's okay. Your whole life you're dark. Okay. okay. Your whole life you're dark. Okay. okay. Your whole life you're dark. Okay. Dark is beautiful. It's okay. Your whole Dark is beautiful. It's okay. Your whole Dark is beautiful. It's okay. Your whole life dark. But pity photography suddenly life dark. But pity photography suddenly life dark. But pity photography suddenly you're all glowing with light. Suddenly you're all glowing with light. Suddenly you're all glowing with light. Suddenly you have the albino snowman filter. you have the albino snowman filter. you have the albino snowman filter. You're not that fair. Don't lie to You're not that fair. Don't lie to You're not that fair. Don't lie to yourselves. See the album's shining light in my See the album's shining light in my See the album's shining light in my face. face. face. But it's also [\h__\h] for other races. But it's also [\h__\h] for other races. But it's also [\h__\h] for other races. Okay. 2 years ago, my Chinese friend got Okay. 2 years ago, my Chinese friend got Okay. 2 years ago, my Chinese friend got married. He's my age at the time. married. He's my age at the time. married. He's my age at the time. 30-year-old Chinese man. And all his 30-year-old Chinese man. And all his 30-year-old Chinese man. And all his photos are just of him making ridiculous photos are just of him making ridiculous photos are just of him making ridiculous poses a Chinese 30-y old man should poses a Chinese 30-y old man should poses a Chinese 30-y old man should never do in his life. I made so much fun never do in his life. I made so much fun never do in his life. I made so much fun of him. This is his worst pose. His of him. This is his worst pose. His of him. This is his worst pose. His worst pose. Bro, what the [\h__\h] you doing, bro? Bro, what the [\h__\h] you doing, bro? Bro, what the [\h__\h] you doing, bro? You're a lone shark. You're a lone shark. You're a lone shark. Are you straightening someone with love? Are you straightening someone with love? Are you straightening someone with love? What the [\h__\h] is this? My preing photography. I did it 15 years My preing photography. I did it 15 years My preing photography. I did it 15 years ago. I was on a beach in Pinang. ago. I was on a beach in Pinang. ago. I was on a beach in Pinang. I was wearing a three-piece suit. I was wearing a three-piece suit. I was wearing a three-piece suit. Jacket, pocket square, vest, shirt, tie, Jacket, pocket square, vest, shirt, tie, Jacket, pocket square, vest, shirt, tie, pants, belt, no shoes. pants, belt, no shoes. pants, belt, no shoes. I'm running along the beach carrying my wife carrying my wife carrying my wife at 2:00 in the afternoon. Who does this at 2:00 in the afternoon. Who does this at 2:00 in the afternoon. Who does this [\h__\h] Who does this [\h__\h] Nobody does [\h__\h] Who does this [\h__\h] Nobody does [\h__\h] Who does this [\h__\h] Nobody does this unless you're taking a pre-wedding this unless you're taking a pre-wedding this unless you're taking a pre-wedding photography. photography. photography. I look like a [\h__\h] I look like a [\h__\h] I look like a [\h__\h] right? My body was aching. I was dirty, right? My body was aching. I was dirty, right? My body was aching. I was dirty, thirsty, tired, hungry, sweaty. But I thirsty, tired, hungry, sweaty. But I thirsty, tired, hungry, sweaty. But I paid thousands of ringit, right? I was paid thousands of ringit, right? I was paid thousands of ringit, right? I was in pain, but I had to make it work. My in pain, but I had to make it work. My in pain, but I had to make it work. My whole face was like I hated those photos. I hated all those I hated those photos. I hated all those I hated those photos. I hated all those photos. But every year, Facebook photos. But every year, Facebook photos. But every year, Facebook memories reminds me. memories reminds me. memories reminds me. Every time I look at my period Every time I look at my period Every time I look at my period photography, I thought, "Oh my god, I photography, I thought, "Oh my god, I photography, I thought, "Oh my god, I wish I was gay in Singapore. [\h__\h] this." wish I was gay in Singapore. [\h__\h] this." wish I was gay in Singapore. [\h__\h] this." Uh, what one of my hopes and dreams is Uh, what one of my hopes and dreams is Uh, what one of my hopes and dreams is actually this special. I don't know actually this special. I don't know actually this special. I don't know where he's going to end up, but whatever where he's going to end up, but whatever where he's going to end up, but whatever it is, I hope that he can help my it is, I hope that he can help my it is, I hope that he can help my career, especially in helping to crack career, especially in helping to crack career, especially in helping to crack the American market. You know, I want to the American market. You know, I want to the American market. You know, I want to go do more shows in America. And I can't go do more shows in America. And I can't go do more shows in America. And I can't help but find a role model in our very help but find a role model in our very help but find a role model in our very own Michelle Yo. You know, Michelle is own Michelle Yo. You know, Michelle is own Michelle Yo. You know, Michelle is so amazing. Michelle won an Oscar, best so amazing. Michelle won an Oscar, best so amazing. Michelle won an Oscar, best actress and Oscar. She's so amazing, actress and Oscar. She's so amazing, actress and Oscar. She's so amazing, right? Michelle Yo is so inspirational right? Michelle Yo is so inspirational right? Michelle Yo is so inspirational for all of us Malaysians. She has shown for all of us Malaysians. She has shown for all of us Malaysians. She has shown all of us Malaysians that there's no all of us Malaysians that there's no all of us Malaysians that there's no limit to what you can achieve once you limit to what you can achieve once you limit to what you can achieve once you give up on Malaysia. Misha is amazing, right? It's amazing, Misha is amazing, right? It's amazing, Misha is amazing, right? It's amazing, right? She worked so hard, you know, right? She worked so hard, you know, right? She worked so hard, you know, when she won her first Golden Globe, when she won her first Golden Globe, when she won her first Golden Globe, right? I started doing research into right? I started doing research into right? I started doing research into Michelle's career. So amazing, right? Michelle's career. So amazing, right? Michelle's career. So amazing, right? She was in Crazy Beach Asian. She was in She was in Crazy Beach Asian. She was in She was in Crazy Beach Asian. She was in Shangi. She was kicking ass with Jackie Shangi. She was kicking ass with Jackie Shangi. She was kicking ass with Jackie Chan in Hong Kong movies. She was also a Chan in Hong Kong movies. She was also a Chan in Hong Kong movies. She was also a born girl. She has done everything. Also born girl. She has done everything. Also born girl. She has done everything. Also in Star Trek, it's amazing. 61 years in Star Trek, it's amazing. 61 years in Star Trek, it's amazing. 61 years old. She won one Golden Globe. And I old. She won one Golden Globe. And I old. She won one Golden Globe. And I can't help but compare her to other can't help but compare her to other can't help but compare her to other western actresses, right? Like Jennifer western actresses, right? Like Jennifer western actresses, right? Like Jennifer Lawrence. Jennifer Lawrence, half her Lawrence. Jennifer Lawrence, half her Lawrence. Jennifer Lawrence, half her age, 32 years old, three Golden Globes. age, 32 years old, three Golden Globes. age, 32 years old, three Golden Globes. All Jennifer Lawrence does is play the All Jennifer Lawrence does is play the All Jennifer Lawrence does is play the same character in all her movies. I'm same character in all her movies. I'm same character in all her movies. I'm going to do an impression of Jennifer going to do an impression of Jennifer going to do an impression of Jennifer Lawrence in her movies. Okay, this is Lawrence in her movies. Okay, this is Lawrence in her movies. Okay, this is Jennifer Lawrence in all her movies. Jennifer Lawrence in all her movies. Jennifer Lawrence in all her movies. Ready? Ready? Ready? No. No. No. No. Three golden gloves. three Golden Three golden gloves. three Golden Three golden gloves. three Golden Globes. Globes. Globes. Misha had to work 10 times as hard as to Misha had to work 10 times as hard as to Misha had to work 10 times as hard as to achieve the same thing as a western achieve the same thing as a western achieve the same thing as a western actress, you know. And it got me actress, you know. And it got me actress, you know. And it got me thinking, right? Because the default thinking, right? Because the default thinking, right? Because the default setting of us Asians is that we are setting of us Asians is that we are setting of us Asians is that we are hardworking, right? That's the ethos. We hardworking, right? That's the ethos. We hardworking, right? That's the ethos. We like to work hard. It's our default like to work hard. It's our default like to work hard. It's our default setting, right? And nowadays PC culture, setting, right? And nowadays PC culture, setting, right? And nowadays PC culture, we can't say white people are lazy. No, we can't say white people are lazy. No, we can't say white people are lazy. No, we cannot say that, right? White people we cannot say that, right? White people we cannot say that, right? White people are not lazy. They just love work life are not lazy. They just love work life are not lazy. They just love work life balance. balance. balance. Okay? Nothing wrong with that. We have Okay? Nothing wrong with that. We have Okay? Nothing wrong with that. We have work balance. work balance. work balance. Yes, his work life balance. It's okay. Yes, his work life balance. It's okay. Yes, his work life balance. It's okay. And I asked myself, why is it? Why is it And I asked myself, why is it? Why is it And I asked myself, why is it? Why is it we are default setting? Our default we are default setting? Our default we are default setting? Our default setting is hard work. I think it's setting is hard work. I think it's setting is hard work. I think it's because of the art we consume, the because of the art we consume, the because of the art we consume, the myths, the mythologies, the legends, the myths, the mythologies, the legends, the myths, the mythologies, the legends, the stories we're exposed to. Now, as a stories we're exposed to. Now, as a stories we're exposed to. Now, as a child, I read this legendary Japanese child, I read this legendary Japanese child, I read this legendary Japanese comic, this manga called Dragon Ball Z. comic, this manga called Dragon Ball Z. comic, this manga called Dragon Ball Z. Okay, those you don't know Dragon Ball Okay, those you don't know Dragon Ball Okay, those you don't know Dragon Ball Z, the whole story of Dragon Ball Z is Z, the whole story of Dragon Ball Z is Z, the whole story of Dragon Ball Z is all about working hard. That's it. The all about working hard. That's it. The all about working hard. That's it. The main hero, this boy named Goku, his main hero, this boy named Goku, his main hero, this boy named Goku, his whole story, he's just working hard. He whole story, he's just working hard. He whole story, he's just working hard. He has to train hard to defeat the bad guy. has to train hard to defeat the bad guy. has to train hard to defeat the bad guy. The next bad guy is harder to defeat. The next bad guy is harder to defeat. The next bad guy is harder to defeat. So, he has to train even harder to So, he has to train even harder to So, he has to train even harder to defeat the next bad guy and so on and so defeat the next bad guy and so on and so defeat the next bad guy and so on and so forth. That's his whole life, working forth. That's his whole life, working forth. That's his whole life, working hard. As a child, Goku had to train hard. As a child, Goku had to train hard. As a child, Goku had to train martial arts wearing a 20 kilo turtle martial arts wearing a 20 kilo turtle martial arts wearing a 20 kilo turtle shell on his back. That is child abuse. shell on his back. That is child abuse. shell on his back. That is child abuse. But you got to work hard. But you got to work hard. But you got to work hard. My favorite point in the whole story, My favorite point in the whole story, My favorite point in the whole story, Goku, as an adult, he fights a bad guy. Goku, as an adult, he fights a bad guy. Goku, as an adult, he fights a bad guy. The bad guy kills him. Goku dies. Then The bad guy kills him. Goku dies. Then The bad guy kills him. Goku dies. Then Goku's soul goes to heaven. And there Goku's soul goes to heaven. And there Goku's soul goes to heaven. And there the king of heaven says to Goku who just the king of heaven says to Goku who just the king of heaven says to Goku who just died, "You have to work harder." The king of heaven sends Goku to a The king of heaven sends Goku to a The king of heaven sends Goku to a special training facility in heaven special training facility in heaven special training facility in heaven where Goku can train even harder. And where Goku can train even harder. And where Goku can train even harder. And when Goku has trained hard enough, the when Goku has trained hard enough, the when Goku has trained hard enough, the king of heaven gives him his life back. king of heaven gives him his life back. king of heaven gives him his life back. So Goku goes back to Earth to defeat the So Goku goes back to Earth to defeat the So Goku goes back to Earth to defeat the bad guy. What is the moral of the story bad guy. What is the moral of the story bad guy. What is the moral of the story to all Asian kids reading this manga? to all Asian kids reading this manga? to all Asian kids reading this manga? Even when you die, you have to work Even when you die, you have to work Even when you die, you have to work hard. hard. hard. Death will not liberate you from the Death will not liberate you from the Death will not liberate you from the need to work hard. Right? When need to work hard. Right? When need to work hard. Right? When Westerners die is rest in peace. Westerners die is rest in peace. Westerners die is rest in peace. When Asians die is back to work. Goku had no work life balance. He didn't Goku had no work life balance. He didn't Goku had no work life balance. He didn't have life death balance. Had to work have life death balance. Had to work have life death balance. Had to work hard. hard. hard. And this ethos of hard work is embraced And this ethos of hard work is embraced And this ethos of hard work is embraced in all Asian superheroes, not by the in all Asian superheroes, not by the in all Asian superheroes, not by the western superheroes. Right? Look at the western superheroes. Right? Look at the western superheroes. Right? Look at the MCU. The MCU heroes are all lazy. They MCU. The MCU heroes are all lazy. They MCU. The MCU heroes are all lazy. They don't even work hard to achieve to don't even work hard to achieve to don't even work hard to achieve to attain their superpowers. Look at Bruce attain their superpowers. Look at Bruce attain their superpowers. Look at Bruce Banner. How did Bruce Banner become the Banner. How did Bruce Banner become the Banner. How did Bruce Banner become the Incredible Hulk? How he walk in front of Incredible Hulk? How he walk in front of Incredible Hulk? How he walk in front of the X-ray machine? the X-ray machine? the X-ray machine? Gets blasted by rays. Incredible Hulk. Gets blasted by rays. Incredible Hulk. Gets blasted by rays. Incredible Hulk. One day he's a scrawny scientist. The One day he's a scrawny scientist. The One day he's a scrawny scientist. The next day he's the body of a bodybuilder next day he's the body of a bodybuilder next day he's the body of a bodybuilder with the pecs. The pecs. Didn't do one with the pecs. The pecs. Didn't do one with the pecs. The pecs. Didn't do one push-up for pecs. push-up for pecs. push-up for pecs. No, Jason, you must understand the No, Jason, you must understand the No, Jason, you must understand the struggle is that this character Bruce struggle is that this character Bruce struggle is that this character Bruce Banner is always angry. Hey, [\h__\h] you. Banner is always angry. Hey, [\h__\h] you. Banner is always angry. Hey, [\h__\h] you. I'm also angry. I'm also angry. I'm also angry. Where's my body? Where's my body? Where's my body? If I walk in front of the extreme If I walk in front of the extreme If I walk in front of the extreme machine, I get cancer. What the [\h__\h] How did Peter Parker become Spider-Man? How did Peter Parker become Spider-Man? How did Peter Parker become Spider-Man? How? How? How? >> Bit by a spider. No, no, no. >> Bit by a spider. No, no, no. >> Bit by a spider. No, no, no. Accidentally bit by a spider. He didn't Accidentally bit by a spider. He didn't Accidentally bit by a spider. He didn't even plan to be beaten by a spider. No. even plan to be beaten by a spider. No. even plan to be beaten by a spider. No. No. He's not not that smart. One day No. He's not not that smart. One day No. He's not not that smart. One day he's a nerd getting bullied in school. he's a nerd getting bullied in school. he's a nerd getting bullied in school. The next day he's swinging all over The next day he's swinging all over The next day he's swinging all over Manhattan, gizzing from his hands. G. Manhattan, gizzing from his hands. G. Manhattan, gizzing from his hands. G. Double G's. Come, come, come, come. Double G's. Come, come, come, come. Double G's. Come, come, come, come. So responsible. Didn't clean up his own. So responsible. Didn't clean up his own. So responsible. Didn't clean up his own. Come. Other people clean up. Come. Other people clean up. Come. Other people clean up. didn't even train in gymnastics, didn't even train in gymnastics, didn't even train in gymnastics, swinging all over Manhattan. swinging all over Manhattan. swinging all over Manhattan. How did Steve Rogers become Captain How did Steve Rogers become Captain How did Steve Rogers become Captain America? How? Steroids. That's it. America? How? Steroids. That's it. America? How? Steroids. That's it. There is a scene of them pumping him There is a scene of them pumping him There is a scene of them pumping him with steroids. How on the nose is that? with steroids. How on the nose is that? with steroids. How on the nose is that? How did Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark How did Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark How did Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark become Batman and Iron Man? How? Money. become Batman and Iron Man? How? Money. become Batman and Iron Man? How? Money. >> Money. That's right. Three-step program. Father rich, father die, superhero. So easy. So easy. So easy. The most famous superhero. Superman. How The most famous superhero. Superman. How The most famous superhero. Superman. How did Superman attain his powers? He was did Superman attain his powers? He was did Superman attain his powers? He was born superhero. born superhero. born superhero. He was born Superman. He was born with He was born Superman. He was born with He was born Superman. He was born with all the perks, powers, and privileges. all the perks, powers, and privileges. all the perks, powers, and privileges. He flies to Earth. No paperwork, no He flies to Earth. No paperwork, no He flies to Earth. No paperwork, no visa. visa. visa. Literally and figuratively an illegal Literally and figuratively an illegal Literally and figuratively an illegal alien. alien. alien. But because he's white, But because he's white, But because he's white, widely accepted by the community. Yeah. widely accepted by the community. Yeah. widely accepted by the community. Yeah. Man of steel, our superior be our Man of steel, our superior be our Man of steel, our superior be our champion. So easy. The one that hurts me champion. So easy. The one that hurts me champion. So easy. The one that hurts me the most personally, right, is Dr. the most personally, right, is Dr. the most personally, right, is Dr. Strange. You follow his story. Dr. Strange. You follow his story. Dr. Strange. You follow his story. Dr. Strange actually work hard to become a Strange actually work hard to become a Strange actually work hard to become a neurosurgeon on his own accord. One of neurosurgeon on his own accord. One of neurosurgeon on his own accord. One of the hardest branches of medicine, the hardest branches of medicine, the hardest branches of medicine, neurosurgery. He gets to a car accident, neurosurgery. He gets to a car accident, neurosurgery. He gets to a car accident, hands all [\h__\h] up, can't do surgery. hands all [\h__\h] up, can't do surgery. hands all [\h__\h] up, can't do surgery. Then he does a he does what a lot of Then he does a he does what a lot of Then he does a he does what a lot of white people do when they're sad, right? white people do when they're sad, right? white people do when they're sad, right? He goes backpacking. Okay. He goes backpacking. Okay. He goes backpacking. Okay. to find himself. To find himself, to find himself. To find himself, to find himself. To find himself, he finds himself in exotic country. And he finds himself in exotic country. And he finds himself in exotic country. And how does he get his powers? How does he how does he get his powers? How does he how does he get his powers? How does he train to get his powers? He gets given train to get his powers? He gets given train to get his powers? He gets given his powers. He's given his powers by a his powers. He's given his powers by a his powers. He's given his powers by a white lady pretending to be Asian. white lady pretending to be Asian. white lady pretending to be Asian. One day, his hands all crippled. The One day, his hands all crippled. The One day, his hands all crippled. The next day, he's fighting aliens with CGI. next day, he's fighting aliens with CGI. next day, he's fighting aliens with CGI. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Within one Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Within one Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Within one day, he becomes sorcerer supreme, the day, he becomes sorcerer supreme, the day, he becomes sorcerer supreme, the CEO of the sorcerer world. Straight up. CEO of the sorcerer world. Straight up. CEO of the sorcerer world. Straight up. No internship, no interview. No internship, no interview. No internship, no interview. Straight up sorcerer supreme, the top Straight up sorcerer supreme, the top Straight up sorcerer supreme, the top sorcerer in the whole magic realm. One sorcerer in the whole magic realm. One sorcerer in the whole magic realm. One day, meanwhile, the Asian guy, day, meanwhile, the Asian guy, day, meanwhile, the Asian guy, Sorcerer Wong, who has lived his whole life in the who has lived his whole life in the who has lived his whole life in the temple, he becomes the assistant to the temple, he becomes the assistant to the temple, he becomes the assistant to the white guy. [\h__\h] you, MCU. [\h__\h] you. white guy. [\h__\h] you, MCU. [\h__\h] you. white guy. [\h__\h] you, MCU. [\h__\h] you. The reason I get so riled up is because The reason I get so riled up is because The reason I get so riled up is because um I've been showing some Disney movies um I've been showing some Disney movies um I've been showing some Disney movies to my daughter, hoping that she'll get to my daughter, hoping that she'll get to my daughter, hoping that she'll get some moral lessons because every Disney some moral lessons because every Disney some moral lessons because every Disney movie has a moral lesson, which is nice. movie has a moral lesson, which is nice. movie has a moral lesson, which is nice. But after watching 80 times, I begin to But after watching 80 times, I begin to But after watching 80 times, I begin to see an unhealthy pattern, right? Because see an unhealthy pattern, right? Because see an unhealthy pattern, right? Because I see that Disney movies, they make it I see that Disney movies, they make it I see that Disney movies, they make it so much easier for the white girls to so much easier for the white girls to so much easier for the white girls to become Disney princesses compared to the become Disney princesses compared to the become Disney princesses compared to the Asian girls, right? Now look at the Asian girls, right? Now look at the Asian girls, right? Now look at the movie Cinderella. Okay, Cinderella movie Cinderella. Okay, Cinderella movie Cinderella. Okay, Cinderella starts off a movie doing household starts off a movie doing household starts off a movie doing household chores, right? I don't like I don't like I don't like I want to go party. Cinderella wants to go to the ball to Cinderella wants to go to the ball to Cinderella wants to go to the ball to meet the prince, but she got no money, meet the prince, but she got no money, meet the prince, but she got no money, no dress. So what does she do to no dress. So what does she do to no dress. So what does she do to accomplish this impossible task? What accomplish this impossible task? What accomplish this impossible task? What does she do to accomplish this does she do to accomplish this does she do to accomplish this impossible dream? Nothing. She doesn't impossible dream? Nothing. She doesn't impossible dream? Nothing. She doesn't work hard for no reason. The fairy work hard for no reason. The fairy work hard for no reason. The fairy godmother comes down and gives her godmother comes down and gives her godmother comes down and gives her everything. Everything for free. Free everything. Everything for free. Free everything. Everything for free. Free slippers, free gown, free dress, free slippers, free gown, free dress, free slippers, free gown, free dress, free tiara. Not enough. Free transportation tiara. Not enough. Free transportation tiara. Not enough. Free transportation to the ball. Now here pumpkin carriage to the ball. Now here pumpkin carriage to the ball. Now here pumpkin carriage called Uber for you. called Uber for you. called Uber for you. She goes to the ball, right? This gold She goes to the ball, right? This gold She goes to the ball, right? This gold digger. She meets the prince. They dance. She She meets the prince. They dance. She She meets the prince. They dance. She gets a bit horny. gets a bit horny. gets a bit horny. She lose track of time, right? said, She lose track of time, right? said, She lose track of time, right? said, "Oh, no. 12 minute I have to go back. "Oh, no. 12 minute I have to go back. "Oh, no. 12 minute I have to go back. Bye-bye. Bye-bye." Rushes off. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye." Rushes off. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye." Rushes off. Bye-bye. Everything she forc leaves alone the Everything she forc leaves alone the Everything she forc leaves alone the slipper. It's okay. Rush back. Rack slipper. It's okay. Rush back. Rack slipper. It's okay. Rush back. Rack back. Tell me strikes. Everything back back. Tell me strikes. Everything back back. Tell me strikes. Everything back to normal except the slipper for plot to normal except the slipper for plot to normal except the slipper for plot reasons. reasons. reasons. Prince Charming finds a slipper. I've Prince Charming finds a slipper. I've Prince Charming finds a slipper. I've fallen in love with a woman I just met. fallen in love with a woman I just met. fallen in love with a woman I just met. Can't remember what she looks like. Can't remember what she looks like. Can't remember what she looks like. And now the prince must scour the whole And now the prince must scour the whole And now the prince must scour the whole kingdom behaving like a creepy pervert. kingdom behaving like a creepy pervert. kingdom behaving like a creepy pervert. Show me your food. Show me your food. Show me your food. Show me your food. So, you show me your Show me your food. So, you show me your Show me your food. So, you show me your food. Show me your food. I'm the prince. food. Show me your food. I'm the prince. food. Show me your food. I'm the prince. Show me your food. Show me your food. Show me your food. Prince, find Cinderella. Kiss foil love. Prince, find Cinderella. Kiss foil love. Prince, find Cinderella. Kiss foil love. Happily after this princess. She didn't Happily after this princess. She didn't Happily after this princess. She didn't work hard. She didn't find the prince. work hard. She didn't find the prince. work hard. She didn't find the prince. The prince found her. So passive. The prince found her. So passive. The prince found her. So passive. Snow White. Snow White is saved from the Snow White. Snow White is saved from the Snow White. Snow White is saved from the forest by seven dwarfves. They give her forest by seven dwarfves. They give her forest by seven dwarfves. They give her food, shelter, accommodation, roof over food, shelter, accommodation, roof over food, shelter, accommodation, roof over her head, a bed to lie on. Don't have to her head, a bed to lie on. Don't have to her head, a bed to lie on. Don't have to pay rent. So nice. pay rent. So nice. pay rent. So nice. Towards the end of the movie, Snow White Towards the end of the movie, Snow White Towards the end of the movie, Snow White becomes princess. She marries the becomes princess. She marries the becomes princess. She marries the prince. She becomes royalty. prince. She becomes royalty. prince. She becomes royalty. She's rich now. She goes back to the She's rich now. She goes back to the She's rich now. She goes back to the house of the dwarves on horseback. She house of the dwarves on horseback. She house of the dwarves on horseback. She gets off the horse. She gives all the gets off the horse. She gives all the gets off the horse. She gives all the dwars a hug. And then she gets back on dwars a hug. And then she gets back on dwars a hug. And then she gets back on the horse and [\h__\h] off. the horse and [\h__\h] off. the horse and [\h__\h] off. She never helped the dwarfs. The dwarves She never helped the dwarfs. The dwarves She never helped the dwarfs. The dwarves are still in the same social economic are still in the same social economic are still in the same social economic struggle as when they first met Snow White. as when they first met Snow White. as when they first met Snow White. Imagine how they feel. What an Imagine how they feel. What an Imagine how they feel. What an ungrateful [\h__\h] What the [\h__\h] You ungrateful [\h__\h] What the [\h__\h] You ungrateful [\h__\h] What the [\h__\h] You have to steal mind goal. It's her goal have to steal mind goal. It's her goal have to steal mind goal. It's her goal now. What the [\h__\h] is this? Don't get me started on Sleeping Beauty. Don't get me started on Sleeping Beauty. Don't get me started on Sleeping Beauty. What is the struggle? What is the What is the struggle? What is the What is the struggle? What is the character arc? I'm too beautiful. Sleep. Prince comes kiss her without consent. Prince comes kiss her without consent. Prince comes kiss her without consent. Fall in love. Happily after this Fall in love. Happily after this Fall in love. Happily after this princess. So easy. She didn't do princess. So easy. She didn't do princess. So easy. She didn't do anything in her movie. She literally anything in her movie. She literally anything in her movie. She literally slept through her own movie. slept through her own movie. slept through her own movie. Now you compare these three white women Now you compare these three white women Now you compare these three white women to what Mulan had to do. to what Mulan had to do. to what Mulan had to do. Mulan in the first act of the movie, she Mulan in the first act of the movie, she Mulan in the first act of the movie, she has to serve in the Imperial army, has to serve in the Imperial army, has to serve in the Imperial army, disguised as a man to safeguard her disguised as a man to safeguard her disguised as a man to safeguard her father's honor, save the father's life, father's honor, save the father's life, father's honor, save the father's life, goes into battle with one genius move, goes into battle with one genius move, goes into battle with one genius move, destroys the invading army, saves the destroys the invading army, saves the destroys the invading army, saves the general's life, goes to the palace, general's life, goes to the palace, general's life, goes to the palace, saves the emperor's life, right? She saves the emperor's life, right? She saves the emperor's life, right? She kills the bad guy. She takes up the kills the bad guy. She takes up the kills the bad guy. She takes up the sword of the fallen villain. Gives the sword of the fallen villain. Gives the sword of the fallen villain. Gives the sword to the emperor. The emperor bows sword to the emperor. The emperor bows sword to the emperor. The emperor bows to her. The whole of China bows to her. to her. The whole of China bows to her. to her. The whole of China bows to her. And then only that she becomes a Disney And then only that she becomes a Disney And then only that she becomes a Disney princess. She worked 10 times as hard as princess. She worked 10 times as hard as princess. She worked 10 times as hard as the other white girls to become a Disney the other white girls to become a Disney the other white girls to become a Disney princess. princess. princess. Mulan is the Michelle of Disney Mulan is the Michelle of Disney Mulan is the Michelle of Disney princesses. princesses. princesses. But that's not enough. Towards the end But that's not enough. Towards the end But that's not enough. Towards the end of the movie, her last scene, Mulan goes of the movie, her last scene, Mulan goes of the movie, her last scene, Mulan goes back to her village, goes back to her back to her village, goes back to her back to her village, goes back to her house. She has saved the whole of China. house. She has saved the whole of China. house. She has saved the whole of China. Her mother and her grandmother go, "Ah, Her mother and her grandmother go, "Ah, Her mother and her grandmother go, "Ah, good job." But you see the handsome man you just But you see the handsome man you just But you see the handsome man you just saved. He's outside the house. Invite saved. He's outside the house. Invite saved. He's outside the house. Invite him for dinner. Invite him for dinner. him for dinner. Invite him for dinner. him for dinner. Invite him for dinner. Because for an Asian family, you can Because for an Asian family, you can Because for an Asian family, you can save the whole of China. Your parents save the whole of China. Your parents save the whole of China. Your parents still go when you getting married. still go when you getting married. still go when you getting married. You get married. Don't get married. Ma's You get married. Don't get married. Ma's You get married. Don't get married. Ma's like, "I wish I was gay in Singapore. like, "I wish I was gay in Singapore. like, "I wish I was gay in Singapore. [\h__\h] this. [\h__\h] this. So I was in Perth uh January right So I was in Perth uh January right So I was in Perth uh January right spending time with my family and then spending time with my family and then spending time with my family and then February came along and I had to come February came along and I had to come February came along and I had to come back to KL because my parents still live back to KL because my parents still live back to KL because my parents still live here and it's Chinese New Year, right? here and it's Chinese New Year, right? here and it's Chinese New Year, right? And I flew back from Perth to KL via Air And I flew back from Perth to KL via Air And I flew back from Perth to KL via Air Asia, right? Because the Herbal Life Asia, right? Because the Herbal Life Asia, right? Because the Herbal Life payments haven't come in yet. payments haven't come in yet. payments haven't come in yet. But I also had to work. I had to do some But I also had to work. I had to do some But I also had to work. I had to do some corporate gigs in this uh in this hotel corporate gigs in this uh in this hotel corporate gigs in this uh in this hotel ballroom. So, I entered this hotel's ballroom. So, I entered this hotel's ballroom. So, I entered this hotel's elevator, right? And because it's elevator, right? And because it's elevator, right? And because it's Chinese New Year, there were a lot of Chinese New Year, there were a lot of Chinese New Year, there were a lot of Chinese New Year posters in the Chinese New Year posters in the Chinese New Year posters in the elevator, okay? And the biggest one elevator, okay? And the biggest one elevator, okay? And the biggest one caught my eye, right? So, this is a caught my eye, right? So, this is a caught my eye, right? So, this is a typical Chinese New Year poster typical Chinese New Year poster typical Chinese New Year poster sponsored by a beer company. So, there's sponsored by a beer company. So, there's sponsored by a beer company. So, there's a picture of a beer mug fill up to the a picture of a beer mug fill up to the a picture of a beer mug fill up to the brim with beer and in the middle there's brim with beer and in the middle there's brim with beer and in the middle there's a picture of a plate of yisang. Okay. a picture of a plate of yisang. Okay. a picture of a plate of yisang. Okay. Now, for the benefit of people watching Now, for the benefit of people watching Now, for the benefit of people watching right, who are not from Malaysia, uh right, who are not from Malaysia, uh right, who are not from Malaysia, uh yang is a Chinese tradition. It's a big yang is a Chinese tradition. It's a big yang is a Chinese tradition. It's a big plate of vegetables, some raw fish, some plate of vegetables, some raw fish, some plate of vegetables, some raw fish, some crackers. And the tradition is every crackers. And the tradition is every crackers. And the tradition is every Chinese year we Chinese will gather Chinese year we Chinese will gather Chinese year we Chinese will gather together as a family or a bunch of together as a family or a bunch of together as a family or a bunch of friends we'll take big chopsticks we'll friends we'll take big chopsticks we'll friends we'll take big chopsticks we'll grab the vegetables and throw the grab the vegetables and throw the grab the vegetables and throw the vegetables high up in the air. Okay, vegetables high up in the air. Okay, vegetables high up in the air. Okay, it's very messy. We waste some food but it's very messy. We waste some food but it's very messy. We waste some food but it's okay. No one is starving in this it's okay. No one is starving in this it's okay. No one is starving in this world. world. world. So as you throw the vegetables high up So as you throw the vegetables high up So as you throw the vegetables high up in the air, we'll shout manifestations in the air, we'll shout manifestations in the air, we'll shout manifestations or affirmations like wealth, fortune, or affirmations like wealth, fortune, or affirmations like wealth, fortune, prosperity, prosperity, prosperity, career, good, money, cash, goal, more career, good, money, cash, goal, more career, good, money, cash, goal, more prosperity, more money, and then if you prosperity, more money, and then if you prosperity, more money, and then if you have time, good health. Okay, have time, good health. Okay, have time, good health. Okay, so that's the Chinese New Year tradition so that's the Chinese New Year tradition so that's the Chinese New Year tradition of Isang. So berm isang and the the of Isang. So berm isang and the the of Isang. So berm isang and the the words on the poster was this Chinese new words on the poster was this Chinese new words on the poster was this Chinese new year toss for prosperity toss to o ss year toss for prosperity toss to o ss year toss for prosperity toss to o ss right makes sense because that's the right makes sense because that's the right makes sense because that's the lingo right you want to go for isang we lingo right you want to go for isang we lingo right you want to go for isang we toss isang because we're tossing the toss isang because we're tossing the toss isang because we're tossing the vegetables in the air right to isang vegetables in the air right to isang vegetables in the air right to isang this Chinese new year toss for this Chinese new year toss for this Chinese new year toss for prosperity okay makes sense didn't think prosperity okay makes sense didn't think prosperity okay makes sense didn't think much about it then the doors open and in much about it then the doors open and in much about it then the doors open and in walked in these two American guys okay I walked in these two American guys okay I walked in these two American guys okay I knew the American immediately because I knew the American immediately because I knew the American immediately because I can hear the arrogance They walking like, "Yeah, we're going to They walking like, "Yeah, we're going to They walking like, "Yeah, we're going to save the world." Yeah. See, they walked in and they saw the See, they walked in and they saw the See, they walked in and they saw the poster. These Chinese here toss for poster. These Chinese here toss for poster. These Chinese here toss for prosperity. One says to the other, "Oh prosperity. One says to the other, "Oh prosperity. One says to the other, "Oh my god, these Malaysians, they don't my god, these Malaysians, they don't my god, these Malaysians, they don't even know how to spell toast. even know how to spell toast. even know how to spell toast. It's toast for prosperity, not toss for It's toast for prosperity, not toss for It's toast for prosperity, not toss for prosperity. Oh my god, they don't know prosperity. Oh my god, they don't know prosperity. Oh my god, they don't know how to spell toast." And I got upset. I how to spell toast." And I got upset. I how to spell toast." And I got upset. I had to correct them. Excuse me. This had to correct them. Excuse me. This had to correct them. Excuse me. This poster refers to the Chinese tradition poster refers to the Chinese tradition poster refers to the Chinese tradition of yisang. I thought to myself, how do I of yisang. I thought to myself, how do I of yisang. I thought to myself, how do I quickly explain yisang to Americans? Ah, quickly explain yisang to Americans? Ah, quickly explain yisang to Americans? Ah, yizang. Plate of vegetables, some raw yizang. Plate of vegetables, some raw yizang. Plate of vegetables, some raw fish, some crackers. It's like a salad. fish, some crackers. It's like a salad. fish, some crackers. It's like a salad. So, I said, every Chinese near, we So, I said, every Chinese near, we So, I said, every Chinese near, we Chinese will get together and toss a Chinese will get together and toss a Chinese will get together and toss a salad. salad. salad. Oh, okay. Then the doors open and they Oh, okay. Then the doors open and they Oh, okay. Then the doors open and they walked away. I reached my destination. I walked away. I reached my destination. I walked away. I reached my destination. I tell my friends, "Guys, you won't tell my friends, "Guys, you won't tell my friends, "Guys, you won't believe what just happened in the believe what just happened in the believe what just happened in the elevator." One of my friends said, elevator." One of my friends said, elevator." One of my friends said, "Jason, in American lingo, the phrase "Jason, in American lingo, the phrase "Jason, in American lingo, the phrase tossing salad tossing salad tossing salad refers to the act of putting your tongue refers to the act of putting your tongue refers to the act of putting your tongue into another person's [\h__\h] Auntie, I'm not making this up. Auntie, I'm not making this up. Auntie, I'm not making this up. Auntie, you can Google this. Don't Auntie, you can Google this. Don't Auntie, you can Google this. Don't Google image." I didn't know eating ass in America is I didn't know eating ass in America is I didn't know eating ass in America is tossing salad. tossing salad. tossing salad. So I said to this two American guys, every every every Chinese New Year, Chinese New Year, Chinese New Year, we Chinese we Chinese we Chinese will get together will get together will get together and toss a salad. And I didn't have time to explain And I didn't have time to explain And I didn't have time to explain further. They left at a moment, which further. They left at a moment, which further. They left at a moment, which means for at least a few minutes they means for at least a few minutes they means for at least a few minutes they were thinking, "Oh my god, were thinking, "Oh my god, were thinking, "Oh my god, the Chinese the Chinese the Chinese will do whatever it takes for will do whatever it takes for will do whatever it takes for prosperity." Man, prosperity." Man, prosperity." Man, they are willing to go through a lot of they are willing to go through a lot of they are willing to go through a lot of [\h__\h] for money. [\h__\h] for money. [\h__\h] for money. Didn't have time to explain further. But Didn't have time to explain further. But Didn't have time to explain further. But in hindsight, it's better because if I in hindsight, it's better because if I in hindsight, it's better because if I explain further, it would have sounded explain further, it would have sounded explain further, it would have sounded worse. worse. worse. Every Chinese New Year, we Chinese will Every Chinese New Year, we Chinese will Every Chinese New Year, we Chinese will get together and toss a salad. It's a get together and toss a salad. It's a get together and toss a salad. It's a family affair. family affair. family affair. The children are involved. The children are involved. The children are involved. The grandparents are involved. It's very The grandparents are involved. It's very The grandparents are involved. It's very loud. It's very messy. loud. It's very messy. loud. It's very messy. And we all use chopsticks. That's the show. You guys been amazing. That's the show. You guys been amazing. That's the show. You guys been amazing. Thank you so much. Thank you for your Thank you so much. Thank you for your Thank you so much. Thank you for your support. Thank you. I've done this show I believe 50 times. I've done this show I believe 50 times. I've done this show I believe 50 times. I'm being serious. I've done this show I'm being serious. I've done this show I'm being serious. I've done this show 50 times. This particular performance is 50 times. This particular performance is 50 times. This particular performance is very important for me because I have a very important for me because I have a very important for me because I have a very special guest in attendance. None very special guest in attendance. None very special guest in attendance. None other than my disciplined teacher from other than my disciplined teacher from other than my disciplined teacher from Buki Boy School, Mr. Agis. Mr. Agis is Buki Boy School, Mr. Agis. Mr. Agis is Buki Boy School, Mr. Agis. Mr. Agis is right there. right there. right there. Mr. Ais Mr. Ais Mr. Ais Mr. A. Mr. A. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mr. A is smiling. I'm so Mr. I guess uh two two messages I want Mr. I guess uh two two messages I want Mr. I guess uh two two messages I want to say to you. Number one is the the to say to you. Number one is the the to say to you. Number one is the the stuff about the prefect is just lie. stuff about the prefect is just lie. stuff about the prefect is just lie. Never happened. Never happened. Never happened. But the second message I want to tell But the second message I want to tell But the second message I want to tell you Mr. I guess is that uh I don't know you Mr. I guess is that uh I don't know you Mr. I guess is that uh I don't know about the other book boys but most of us about the other book boys but most of us about the other book boys but most of us from my year we've all turned out to be from my year we've all turned out to be from my year we've all turned out to be pretty okay men in our lives and I think pretty okay men in our lives and I think pretty okay men in our lives and I think it's because of you. Thank you so much it's because of you. Thank you so much it's because of you. Thank you so much Mr. Ais. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Ais. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Ais. Thank you. Thank you. Most importantly, thanks to all of you Most importantly, thanks to all of you Most importantly, thanks to all of you for being here. Thank you very much. for being here. Thank you very much. for being here. Thank you very much. Thank you. Good night. Heat Heat Heat Heat.