Ladies and gentlemen, put your hands
together to welcome to the stage Dr.
Jason Young.
Okay, that was too long.
That was too long. Uh, I'm very happy
you guys are here with me because this
year, ladies and gentlemen, this year
2024, I celebrate 10 years. 10 years of
me quitting my job as a medical doctor
and being a full-time comedian. 10
years, ladies. Yeah. Thank you. Thank
you very much.
Now, every year I tour Australia and
last year an Australian reviewer
summarized my career as medicine's loss
is comedy's loss.
And uh nowadays uh I'm very privileged
because I get to travel and perform
comedy outside of Malaysia. It's very
nice, you know, and sometimes I find
myself in a city surrounded by people
who may not know who I am or what I do
for a living, which can be quite jarring
because back in Malaysia, I'm very
famous.
Hey, [ __ ] you. I'm very famous.
That's the mark of someone truly famous
when he has to say [ __ ] you. I'm famous.
Okay, that's No, but no, this can happen
at the passport control at the airport,
you know, immigration line or in an
Uber, they don't know who I am. And they
ask me quite nicely. They ask me, hey,
what do you do for a living? And after
10 years of doing this, I know the
moment I say I'm a stand-up comedian,
because standup comedy is rare, rare and
unique profession, right? The moment I
say I'm a stand-up comedian, I know the
next 10 minutes will be just [ __ ]
questions which nobody wants to answer.
You know, like, hey, you're a comedian.
You know Russell Peters.
Hey, you're a comedian. You know Uncle
Roger. As if I know these [ __ ] Okay,
just know me enough, right? And the
worst one, the worst one. Hey, you're a
comedian. Tell me a joke.
So, after 10 years of doing this, can I
see the situation about to unfold? I
know the question is coming. I don't
want to talk to them when they ask me,
"Hey, what do you do for a living?"
Immediately I go, "I'm with Herbal Life.
Nobody wants to talk to me.
Here's a passport. Go [ __ ] off."
But yes, uh it's nice to travel. And
last year uh was a nice year for me
because last year I traveled and did
comedy in the United States of America.
That's right. Yeah. It's uh the big
market for comedy, the mecca of comedy.
I did shows in New York, San Francisco,
Los Angeles, and even parts of Canada.
It was very nice. But a very unfortunate
byproduct of the journey is that I met a
lot of American white guys.
And American white guys are a very
special subspecies
of humans
because every single American white guy
I met sincerely believe that they have
the power to make a difference and save
the world. Each one of them himself one
person can make a difference and save
the world. Very optimistic. Very
different from Asian people. You ask any
Asian person, hey bro, you want to make
a difference and save the world? No, no,
no. I want to make money and save for
retirement. Okay, very different.
We got no time to save the world. Very
sorry. Okay, there's a lot of
differences between us, right? But in
that regard, we are the most different.
And I think it's because of our
upbringing. You know uh when children
reach a certain age where they can ask
their parents the existential question.
Mommy, daddy, where did I come from? Now
American parents, you see this in the
media, in the pop culture. American
parents will paint the most beautiful
picture to answer that question. Mommy,
daddy, where did I come from? Oh,
darling, you were born in heaven.
Then the angels wrapped you in the white
cloth. And then the bird, the stalk
picked you up, flew across the sky
through the clouds, came out to our
house and dropped you in our arms. Oh,
so beautiful. Of course, with that kind
of origin story, of course, they can
save the world, right? You're the
prophet. You're the Messiah. Of course.
Think about it. The angels delivered you
from the heavens via birth
to your doorstep.
Same day delivery.
That's amazing. Of course, they can save
the world. You ask Asian parents the
same question. Mommy, daddy, where did I
come from? Chinese parents, we found you
in the rubbish bin.
We found you in the rubbish bin.
And it's not the words that are hurtful
per se. It's the tone.
We found you in the rubbish bin. We
weren't looking for you.
Our lives were full and complete.
One day your mom and I, we went to throw
rubbish.
We walked to the rubbish bin. We opened
up the bin. Hey, you were there inside.
Which means someone else threw you out.
So out of the kindness of our good
hearts, we took you in and loved you as
our own. That's why we Asian kids, we
grow up very neurotic. We have to work
hard, save money, we have to pay back
our parents, right? Every transaction of
fer py is paying back our parents.
Western parents don't have this dynamic,
right? So they can freely say, "Oh, my
kids, they are the apple of my eye."
Asian parents, my kids roi.
Where's the
your childhood is an investment. Where's
the money? I'm waiting for the money.
But of course, my friends, I'm not here
to say that one type of parenting is
better than the other. No. Right?
Because you see this American kids,
Western kids, right? They're very
confident, but inside no knowledge, no
skills,
all hollow.
You see Asian kids like us, right? We
got knowledge, we got skills, but no
confidence. Can't tell a good story,
can't sell ourselves, no good PR. My
daughter is 4 years old now. One day
she'll grow up and she'll ask me,
"Daddy, where did I come from?" I will
say, "Darling, you were born in heaven."
Then the bird pick you up
and drop your rubbish bin. Fair
balance.
No, you're special. Be confident. But
work hard as I need my money, right?
It's very expensive to raise you, you
know?
But of course, it's not fair for me to
say that all Asian people are very
smart, right? Sometimes in commonly we
exaggerate to prove a point, right? I
met some Asian people, [ __ ] stupid.
Last year, I met a new friend in show
business. Uh, I met this guy, his name
is Ray, 21-year-old graphic designer.
Okay, very talented, very stupid.
So, I asked Ray to design a poster for
my comedy shows. He came out the poster
was very nice and we've agreed on a fee
of 500 ringgit right so I texted Ray I
said hey Ray thanks for the poster very
nice please send me an invoice
requesting me for the 500 ringgate so I
can pay you he didn't reply for a month
after a month I I text him again hey Ray
you need to send me an invoice
requesting me for the 500 ringgate so I
can pay you now it turns out Ry didn't
know what an invoice was now he could
have googled or asked a friend but
because Ray's age is also his IQ you.
He took a guess. You know how Ray sent
me his invoice? He called me up. Hey
Jason, this is Ry requesting for the 500
ringit
in my voice.
Your mother, your voice, your mother.
Some of you already know this because
I'm an atheist. I don't believe in God.
I don't practice any religion. Right?
But I have a lot of friends who are
Christians. Unfortunately,
one of my best friends, he's a Christian
and knowing for 20 years, one my one of
my best mates. Okay? And every year my
Christian friend has a house party and
every year I go. So last year for when I
went to his house party, my Christian
friend, he starts talking about
religion, which is fine. Then he starts
talking about the Bible, which is on
brand. And then he starts saying some
pretty outlandish stuff. He start
saying, you know, according to the
Bible, our planet Earth is 5,000 years
old. In day, I'm like,
uh, bro, according to the facts, he cut
me off. I don't care about the facts.
God told us through the Bible, our
planet Earth is 5,000 years old, and
that is good enough for me. I'm like,
bro, the facts. I don't care about the
facts. And by the way, Jason, it is very
disrespectful of you to come to my house
and to tell me otherwise. So things got
a little bit tense and awkward like how
it is now.
And all my other friends, they turned to
give me the look, right? The look that
said, "Jason, you atheist bastard. Every
year you're atheist. Every year he's
Christian.
Every year you come to his house and
every year you do this shit."
So for the sake of friendship, huh?
Friendship more important than being
correct. Okay? His house, his party. I
just let it go. lame we lame have the
last word but the problem is I tend to
hold on to grudges for a very long time
ah that is very Christian on me
so I want to take my revenge and this is
how I got my revenge okay my Christian
friend has a 7-year-old son
relax
that kind of revenge
I'm not that Christian just Thanks.
Now, this how I got my revenge. Okay. Uh
my Asian friend has a 7-year-old son,
and every year I buy this boy a
Christmas present. So, last year for his
present, after that incident, I bought
the son a very big children's book about
dinosaurs.
You see the people who laughed ah these
people read
those who didn't laugh. Okay, [ __ ] Let
me explain.
You see, my friends, every children's
book about dinosaurs will inevitably
have that one line.
Dinosaurs went extinct 65 million years
ago.
And my fantasy is I want my friend to
read the book to his son.
All right, boy. You like dinosaurs?
Okay.
Dinosaurs went extinct. Ah, [ __ ]
Who gave you this book?
Uncle Jason.
He's a horrible comedian.
That's why he has to do her life.
Uh, dinosaurs man think 65 million years
ago. Okay. Dian, finish. Fin finish. Go
say go.
And in my fantasy, I want the son to
reply. But daddy,
you said the earth is 5,000 years old.
That means you are off by 64 million.
995,000
years. That is quite a margin of error,
Daddy.
And yes, my vocabulary is quite advanced
for a 7-year-old child in Jason's
Fantasy, which never happened.
Now, I don't know whether that
conversation will ever take place,
right? But there's a good chance it
might because the book I bought them is
still in their house. Until today, I
wonder what if my friend tries to
reconcile these two things, the earth
being 5,000 years old and the existence
of dinosaurs. He raised the book to his
son. Dinosaurs went extinct 65 million
years ago. And before that, Jesus rode
to battle riding a triceratops
and Moses crossed the Red Sea by
paragliding with a pterodactyl.
Okay, finish. Close it. Close it. Close
it.
That is a true story by the way. Okay. I
mean, not what's in the Bible, but uh
there was a real incident with a real
friend of mine. I've been telling these
stories in preparation for my tour this
year. And so, last year at one of the
shows in Qua Lumpo, my Christian friend
showed up.
He saw me tell the story just as how you
heard it just now. After the show, he
confronted me backstage. Hey, Jason,
good show. I want to talk to you.
said, "Jason, why is it towards the end
of that story you say Jesus rode to
battle riding a triceratops?"
I said, "Well, just a funny idea, you
know." I said, "Hopefully the audience
laughs because yeah, but in the Bible,
Jesus was never involved in any
battles."
I know, but just a funny image, right?
Jesus riding a triceratops
charging into battle.
Moses provide air support. You know what
I mean?
He was very adamant. No, no. Just so you
must understand in the Bible, Jesus was
never involved in any battles. Those are
the facts.
I'm like, I don't care about the facts.
Jesus riding a triceratops. That is
funny to me and that is good enough for
me
and is very disrespectful of you
to come to my show
and to tell me otherwise.
That's um
and that's how I lost a brother in
Christ.
you know, not very not very forgiving
sometimes.
I'm very glad that you guys are here
with me because uh nowadays uh when I'm
on tour, when I'm doing shows like this,
I'm actually away from my family. You
know, just give bit of a domestic
update. Uh since the last time I saw
you, uh my wife uh now works in Perth uh
at Royal Perth uh hospital and my
daughter is with her. So, whenever I do
shows, I'm outside of Perth and that's
why I try to spend as much time as I can
in Perth, you know. And last year in
December, I was in P with my wife and we
wanted to go for date night. Just the
two of us go for dinner. And my wife is
Indian. So sometimes you go for Indian
food, sometimes you go for Chinese food.
This one particular evening, my wife
wanted to go for Chinese food. So we
both went to this restaurant in Perth, a
real restaurant. You can Google this. We
went to this restaurant called Uncle
Billy's Chinese Restaurant. We didn't
know that Uncle Billy's Chinese
restaurant is the shittiest Chinese
restaurant in all of Australia.
Singaporean food tastes better.
Wait, wait, wait. Why are the
Singaporeans upset?
Relax. I said Singaporean food tastes
better
than the shittiest Chinese restaurant in
Australia. Where's the insult? I don't
understand.
Anyway,
so we went to this restaurant, right?
And I ordered fried rice for myself and
a plate of fried dumplings to share my
wife and my wife ordered noodles. Now,
when the food came, have you ever just
by looking at the at the dish, just by
looking at the food, you know the food
is [ __ ] right? The fried rice came, the
rice was pale, barely fried, the egg was
soggy, so appetizing. The aroma was not
there. I know this is [ __ ] but I was
hungry. So, I took one spoonful, I ate
it, and oh my god, it was the shittiest
fried rice I've ever tasted in my life.
Okay, it's like they forgot to put in
flavor and taste. So, I pushed the whole
plate of fried rice aside. I shoved the
spoon inside there. I folded my arms,
sulking, silent protest,
hoping that one of the waiters will see
it and feel sad for themselves. Okay?
And then the dumplings came. Right? Now,
let me try and explain the appearance of
these dumplings. Okay? Now imagine
there's a giant dumpling and then this
giant dumpling shed out smaller
dumplings.
The dumplings look like [ __ ]
They all came black color overfried burn
clump together like what the [ __ ] is
this Asian fusion cuisine? But again I
was hungry. I took one of the fried
fried dumplings right and oh my god it
was like eating charcoal. I could feel
the carbon in my mouth because it was
burnt. So again I was very upset, very
hungry. I pushed the whole plate of
fried dumplings aside and I had it
right. So I told my said, "Darling, so
sorry. I have to do this." So I stood
up, called the manager over. Manager
came. I said, "Bro, I'm going to pay for
all of this. No problem. However, I must
give you my feedback. This fried rice is
the worst fried rice I've ever had in my
life. And these dumplings cannot be
eaten because they are burnt." Now, have
you ever while scolding someone, you
start to fall in love with the sound of
your own voice
and then you go too far? I went too far.
I suddenly scolded the guy. I work
myself out in a rage, right? I reached a
point where I said this man, I went too
far. I said, you know, I am Chinese.
I support Chinese businesses,
but this this cannot be the standard of
Chinese cuisine you present to the
world. What the [ __ ] am I saying?
Suddenly I become so Chinese.
I never felt more Chinese in my life.
You must understand I don't consider
myself to be a typical Chinese. I'm not
a typical Chinese. No, I don't speak
Mandin. I speak English. I'm not a
typical Chinese. Right? I don't sing kok
belly. I'm not a typical Chinese.
I don't have trust from public bank. I'm
not a typical Chinese.
I'm not a typical Chinese. I'm not
racist towards Indian people. Not a
typical Chinese.
My wife is Indian. I'm not a typical
Chinese. But the moment I became so
Chinese, the food was so [ __ ] it woke
the dragon in me. You understand?
I swear when I said this cannot be the
standard of Chinese cuisine you present
to the world. I swear someone founded a
gong,
dragons flew over, people need lanterns.
That's how Chinese I felt. Okay.
And it's so weird when I look at look
back you know because my whole life my
education is western my outlook global
but my stomach
my stomach 100% shiang right here.
So I'm scing the guy schooling the guy.
Eventually the guy had enough my face.
So he he ced our meal. My wife and I we
left the restaurant in silence. We
walked to the car in silence. We got
into the car. The moment the car doors
closed, my wife turns to me, who the
[ __ ] do you think you are?
She put me in my place. Who the [ __ ] do
you think you are? Suddenly, you're so
concerned with the standard of Chinese
cuisine. I've listened to your entire
comedy career. Half your jokes are
cheating on Chinese people.
You [ __ ] on fun show. You [ __ ] on
traditional Chinese medicine. You [ __ ]
on Hungry Ghost. Suddenly, you're so
defensive of Chinese cuisine. You're
like the defender of Chinese food. Ah,
you're a little shishing Ping or Chinese
food. Who the [ __ ] made you the god of
fried rice and dumplings? Who the [ __ ]
do you think you are? She didn't say
those words, but you get the gist. Okay,
you must understand throughout the whole
ordeal, right? This was my wife's body
language. Okay, so I've stood up. I'm
giving out to the manager. My wife is
seated down. She has also pushed the
whole plate of uh barely eaten noodles
aside. She's folded arms. Okay. Now
whenever the manager has too much of my
face, he will turn to look at my wife
hoping to deal with a ser rational
person. But when he looked at my wife,
this was my wife reaction. My wife was
like
and then I remembered that I never once
asked her how were her noodles
throughout this whole thing. Never once
asked her. So in the car I said,
"Darling, so sorry I never asked you."
"Actually, how are your noodles?" My
wife said, "Actually, my noodles are
quite nice."
I said, "Why did you push it aside?" And
she goes, "I had to because I have to
support your performance.
I have to support your performance."
And then she goes on, "Darling, you
understand how stupid you would have
looked
if you are standing up scing the guy
about the quality of the food.
Meanwhile, your wife next to you,
hey d the one I take
horrendous."
But yes, we we're trying to settle into
Perth and my wife actually enrolled our
daughter into uh kindergarten last year
in Perth. And when we enroll her,
something happened which threw us off,
you know, because we enrolled her and
then the school sent us a letter saying
that we have to take our daughter for an
interview. Wow, four years old. You want
to interview a 4-year-old? We went for
the interview and it quickly dawned upon
us that the interview was not for her,
it's for us. They're trying to sus out
if you're weirdos or not. Okay. And the
vice principal, a very nice lady, she
started um asking a lot of questions
about the intrinsic values of our child.
She was very concerned what's inside our
child like she asked us uh what is her
personality like what are her interests
her hobbies how does how does she
interact with her grandparents how does
she play with other kids like a lot of
things to do with what's inside her and
it threw me off because when it comes to
education I'm quite simple-minded and
traditional right when it comes to
education as far as I'm concerned
knowledge is outside my daughter's brain
I pay you money you put the knowledge
back.
Why am I so careless what's inside grow
the tree? Who gives a [ __ ]
And I realize now that that incident
showed me how out of out of touch I am
when it comes to education and schools,
right? The shifting sense of time,
right? Culture and things change as we
grow older. The last time I was in
school school was when I was in
secondary school, right? Uh in my school
called Bukit Bintang Boy School. Yeah.
Uh Biman boy school was in uh PJ and uh
I was there from the age of 12 to 17. Uh
it was a pretty good school you know I'm
proud of uh the BB boys. Um when I was
in school we had this legendary
discipline teacher by the name of Mr.
Agis. In every Malaysian public school
there is a discipline teacher. Okay. And
the role of the disciplined teacher is
to physically
and psychologically
abuse students
to keep the school safe.
Okay. And uh so Mr. August was our
discipline teacher. He was very scary.
Okay. He walked around the whole school
banishing a cane, you know, not not not
sugarce, not walking cane, a cane to
whip students. Okay. He had five canes,
you know, and he named those kids can
Monday,
Tuesday.
Some of the canes have like blood on it,
normal.
And it was a very scary guy. Okay. Now,
let me let me give you a description of
him, right? Mr. Ages, when I was in
school, he was about almost going to be
50 years old. He was an Indian man,
medium height, medium built. Okay? But
his body was lean with a lot of muscles.
Because before Mr. Agis became a
teacher, he was an athlete. He
represented Malaysia in the Ca Games as
a long-distance runner. But when he came
you swore he also played golf.
The swing was amazing. Okay. He's a very
scary guy, right? His his reputation
always preceded himself, right? And also
you must understand, right? In the
Malaysian public school system, the
title of discipline teacher is not an
official title. You had to be a regular
teacher first. Then the school would
force upon you the title discipline
teacher to make you do more work. It's
not like there's official key
performance index for a discipline
teacher. It's not like every quarter the
headmaster will review. Okay, Mr. Argus,
how many students did you beat up?
200. Okay, here's the bonus. It's not
that
which means Mr. Argus came students out
of passion.
He did it for the love of caning.
Like I said, his reputation always
preceded himself. Right? Every morning
before the bell rang for assembly, all
of us boys would be gathered at the
assembly hall. A thousand of us, and we
of course we are boys, you know, teenage
boys be screaming, shouting, making a
hell of a noise. And every once in a
while, this cacophony of noise would
descend into complete silence within
seconds, right?
And every boy knew who just arrived.
All of us will turn our eyes to the
door, the entrance to the hall. And
there in the doorway, framed by the
doorway,
backlit by the sun,
silhouette,
a ball of hay rolling behind him for no
reason,
there stood Mr. Agis with his cane like
John Wick.
Someone's going to die.
And it was very scary because whenever
he can you, right, right before he can
you, he would yell at you. He will shove
his face into your face and give you
your talking too, right? He will shove
his face in your face. How dare you come
to my school and you disobey my rules.
Face in your face. But what's even
scarier is when his face is shoved in
your face, you will then clearly see
that one of his eyes,
one of his eyes don't look straight.
one of his eyes look away and you don't
know which eye to look at. Till today I
don't know which eye is the correct eye.
It's so scary, right? You're always on
the back foot. And so you must
understand with the with one of his eyes
looking away at the default setting.
Mr. Argase achieves greater peripheral
vision
to detect mischief.
People say this is a lazy eye. Mr. I
guess had the hardest working lazy eye
ever seen in my life.
So it's very scary because he's shouting
in your face and you're on the back
foot. Hey, hey, hey, which eye? Which
eye? Which eye to look at? Which eye?
There's one legendary story. One day,
Mr. A caught 10 boys trying to escape
school. They had jumped the fence and
start trying to run away from school.
Mr. A saw them and caught them very fast
because I think he's a sprinter also.
He caught the 10 boys. He marched them
in the courtyard. He keed each and every
one of them. And he had to say this. He
said, "If I ever catch you running away
from school again, I will cane you
twice. From now onwards, I will always
keep an eye on you."
in a boy school.
One boy. Sir,
it's okay. It's okay.
Sir,
which I
boy is a legend.
In my school now, there is a statue
erected in the memory of that student
because he died after he died. He died
very fast. He died immediately. He died.
What a tragedy.
But I have to defend Mr. Argus, right?
Mr. Argus was a product of his time. He
was one of the finest gentlemen I've
ever met in my life because he really
cared for the school. He cared for the
boys, right? His beating was a way of
telling you, "I love you." Okay? And the
boys loved him too, right? Because of
Stockholm syndrome. Okay?
But I have to defend him because you see
the boys in Buki Bintan boy school were
quite shitty. Okay? Now again in the
Malaysian public school system uh the
school will select some of the better
behaved boys to be prefects otherwise
known as the school snitches.
So I became a prefect. Uh
but I was no snitch. Okay. I lived in
service of my fellow students. Okay. So
this is what we did. Now I don't know
whether the prefects after us continue
this tradition but every once in a while
the school the teachers will tell us
that hey prefects later today you're
going to conduct a spot check and what a
spot check is we prefect go to the
classrooms open open up the bags of the
students and if inside the bags there
were CDs cigarettes handphones illegal
items contraband right we will
confiscate those items lost to the
students forever okay now what we did
was whenever the teachers told us, hey,
there's a spot check. We the prefects
will tell our friends who are not
prefects that, hey, later there's a spot
check. And if they happen to have
illegal items on them that day for a
very small and reasonable fee,
we will take the items first, hide them
in our prefect room, then conduct the
spot check, open up the best. Oh,
nothing legal. No problem. After school,
we'll meet our friends in an undisclosed
location. We give them back the items
and they give us some money. This was a
very lucrative side business.
Which means at the age of 16, I was
already a corrupted official,
Malaysia B.
Now, I'm telling all these bits and
pieces of stories because I'm leading up
to one of the most epic stories I've
ever had with a teacher. Okay? So the
year was 2002. I'm 17 years old. I walk
into school one day thinking it's a
normal school day, a normal Tuesday. I
go into the assembly hall and I realize
that there are far fewer boys than
usual. It's like as if half the boys
were somewhere else.
And then I see one boy running around
the whole school compound yelling at the
top of his lungs. Mr. A guest wants to
see all the 16year-old and 17 year old
boys in the field now. I was like, "Oh
my god, what happened? Has he found out
about sad business?"
But that's just a perfect thing, right?
Why would he involve half the school?
Oh, maybe he found someone doing
something unforgivable and there's going
to be like a public beheading.
So, I'm actually quite excited.
So, I rush down to the school field.
Now, here's the backstory. Our school
field is quite big. Okay. And every
morning we stationed one prefect at the
edge of the field to monitor late
comers. And this morning was my friend
Louvin, a fellow 17-year-old student, my
classmate, manning the post. Now, the
night before there was a car parked
outside the school field. In this car
was three fully grown adult gangsters.
Okay. They drank the whole night. They
were drunk. The next morning, which is
this morning, they woke up hung over.
They saw my friend Louvin, a 17-year-old
boy minding his own business. They went
up to Louvin and they physically
harassed him and one of them bought
whiskey all over Luin's head. So Luvin
scared out of his mind, he rushes off to
tell Mr. Ages what happened. Mr. Ages
[ __ ] furious, he rushes down to
confront these three adult gangsters.
Now Mr. Argus is also a very
intelligent, strategic, cunning man. He
knows he is just one man.
He has to confront three adult
gangsters. He's outnumbered.
So on the way down, he got a boy to get
him all the 16 year old and 70 year old
boys to meet him in the field.
So we were not in trouble. We were all
going to be part of Mr. Argus' backup
army.
It was so epic. It's like Lord of the
Rings, you know.
Gondor calls for aid and Rohan will
answer. The beacons were being lit.
Okay. So I rush down to the field. I
reach the field and I see at the edge of
the field the horizon 500
of my fellow book bintam boy students my
classmates my comrade in arms. They had
surrounded Mr. Agis and also trapped the
three gangsters in a circle like in a
gladiatorial arena for combat. Right.
Mr. Mr. Argus is shouting at the three
gangsters and the three gangsters are
not scared of Mr. Argus. There are three
of them. They shouted back. But the
longer they waited, you could see the
worry in their eyes. What the [ __ ]
Where are these boys coming from? I
don't need to study one. What the [ __ ]
school is this?
Why I be surrounded by all these boys?
So I reached the circle and I can see
the same look of lust for violence in
all my fellow students
because at that morning we all had the
same thought at the same time which was
please please just one of them please
just one please just touch Mr. August,
just touch him. Just give us the reason
to beat the [ __ ] out of these three
gangsters. Because we had done the math.
We had done the math. 1 2 3 500. I think
we'll win. I think we'll win. Okay. We
were so excited
because that day was no normal school
day. [ __ ] math. [ __ ] biology. Today
we're going to beat the [ __ ] out of
three gangsters.
So at that moment I turned to look
towards the school building which I just
came from hoping to see other adult
teachers coming and rushing to Mr. Agus'
aid coming to back Mr. Agus up no
teachers came that morning on that field
was just Mr. Agis and us boys and then I
see one lone boy running across the
whole field right the same boy who was
shouting just now right he's the last to
the party he's running across the whole
field Mr. Argus like come come come come
come come come come come come come come
come come M M M Mr. Agus and then as he
got closer we could see that in his
right hand he's holding Mr. Agis's kid
Mr. Agus
your cane and all of us were cheering
for the cane half the boys has been
beaten by the same cane but they're
cheering for the cane because they know
it's not for them today. Today is not
for them.
Mr. Aras, you're can. And the circle
automatically open
to let the boy inside. Mr. Aras, your
cane. And Mr. A is so cool. He's facing
up the three gangsters. He's being
approached from behind, right? He didn't
even turn his head to look behind
because his eye can see. I think his eye
his eye can see the You can see
he just extended his arm
like Thor receiving the hammer.
This is a way cooler image than Jesus on
the triceratops.
He just extended his arm, received the
cane. Mr. cane, grabbed it. He shoved
the cane under the noses. How dare you
come to my school and you touch one of
my boys? And you could see the
gangster's eyes like, "Hey, hey, which
eye? Which eye? Which [ __ ] eye? Which
eye?"
That was the most epic day I ever had
with a teacher, right? And that will
never be replicated again in today's
time. Can you imagine if it happened
today? The teacher places students in
danger fighting off criminals.
He'll be sued immediately.
And um so I'll be doing this show uh uh
uh in Australia and in Melbourne uh
after I finished telling the story there
was like a gentleman seated three rows
deep okay somewhere there every time I
mentioned Mr. Argus he reacted quite
loudly he's a 45 year old man my senior
right so I said do are you from Bukit
Banan boy school he said yeah said uh do
you know Mr. Argus he said yes and then
he he said loud enough for the whole
room to hear I heard Mr. I guess passed
away. Now I know he's still alive,
but I couldn't help but [ __ ] with him.
Said, "No, actually uh he's still alive.
In fact, sir, he's just right there."
Okay. And the guy said, "Huh? Really?
He's 45 years old. He's still afraid of
Mr. A.
He's still afraid of Mr. His
but Mr. A guess that story left an
indelible mark in in my brain you know
because he taught me a lot of lessons
right Mr. I guess I've been telling you
stories of when he's been aggressive but
he was not always aggressive but when he
was he was very strategic about his
aggression which taught me don't be
unnecessarily aggressive right sometimes
in my career I've been unnecessarily
aggressive you know I spent a lot of
time on uh Twitter last time always
picking fights with people on Twitter
you know um not good so I have to leave
Twitter for my mental health and uh I
now spend a lot of time on Instagram
which is uh quite nice
you know girls showing booms it's very
nice it's good Oh,
but I also noticed now there's a trend
of people sharing motivational quotes on
Instagram which is quite nice. I enjoy
it. But every once in a while there will
come a motivational quote which doesn't
make much sense. It just sounds cool.
But you think about it sounds rubbish.
This one quote caught my eye recently.
I'm sure it reached will reach you
through the algorithm one day. The quote
goes something. It's not my own but the
quote goes like this. Okay. Because
better to be a warrior in the garden
than a gardener in a war.
This is philosophical.
It's always shared by men. Always shared
by men. Okay. This is the male version
of the female. If you can't handle me at
my worst,
you don't deserve me at my best. Same
[ __ ] Same [ __ ]
Better to be a warrior in the garden
than a gardener in the war, right?
Always shared by men with too much
muscles, too few friends, spend too much
time in the gym, always surrounded by
whenever they this they share the quote,
it's always surrounded by photos of
wolves, lions, everything on fire. It's
very macho. Okay. Now, I get the
message, right? The message of the quote
is better to be prepared than
unprepared. I get it. But you put it
that way, it sounds stupid. It doesn't
survive surface level analysis.
Let's talk about these two people. This
gardener and a warrior. Let's talk about
them. Okay. So, there is a war and this
gardener shows up. He's ready to fight
in a war. He knows he's not a warrior.
He has no weapons, no armor. Shows up
wearing overalls,
watering can,
some seeds, but he's ready to fight in a
war. I argue it takes more courage to be
a gardener in a war than a warrior in
the war. A warrior in the war is just
doing his job. A gardener in the war is
[ __ ] insane.
And who's to say gardeners are useless
in wars? No. Gardeners are useful. They
can dig trenches, hide bodies,
they can plant things and feed the army.
Historically, the number one killer of
armies on a march is famine and hunger.
So, ironically, if you want to wage
long-distance war, you better bring some
gardeners, man.
Now, meanwhile, on the other hand, there
is a war and this warrior is in the
garden.
What the [ __ ] you doing in the garden,
bro? The war is there. There are no wars
fought in gardens. A warrior in the
garden is lost. How you got into the
garden? The garden left, right, for the
war.
And it's so uninspiring, right? The king
has commanded all his soldiers to defend
the nation to the death. The fate of the
kingdom hangs on the balance of this
war. His fellow warriors are bleeding on
the battleground, giving up their lives
to the nation. This warrior, the roses
smell nice. What the [ __ ]
And this quote came to my mind recently
because of a very unpleasant incident.
Before I tell you about this incident, I
have to finish you with a very important
note before I tell this story. Important
for the context of this story. Okay,
I've said it before, I'll say it again.
My wife is Indian.
Important, huh? Okay, so last year, my
wife's cousin, who is also Indian,
she invited us to a house for the
birthday party of a 2-year-old son. The
son is also Indian.
So, we go to the party, we have a nice
time, you know, the party starts to
dwindle down and I'm outside in the lawn
striking up the conversation with the
boy's father, the host of the party, my
Indian wife's Indian cousin's husband
who is also Indian.
So, we're having a good time, two
fathers bonding. Then he motions for us
to sit down on the chair in the lawn.
So, we sat down and he got two of his
other friends to join in. Right. And
these two friends of his are also
Indian. Okay. I like it how every time I
say the word Indian the tension in the
room rises.
I could have easily said I was the only
one there not Indian but I prefer this
method of storytelling.
So having a quite a nice time and after
a while uh the host of the party I don't
want to say his name David
that's his real name. So David gets a
notification on his phone. He picks up
the phone. There's a news article about
Malaysia news. He reads it. He gets
really riled up for no reason. He puts
the phone back in his pocket. And then
when he speaks, you can tell the voice
has changed. His face is contorted,
right? He's angry now. He says
rhetorically, you know, this country
Malaysia is going to the dogs. I'm like,
bro, why are they so angry? He relax,
man. We're at a party. You know, just
calm down, man. We're having a good time
here out in the lawn. Relax, bro. We're
all friends here, right? But I didn't
say I kept quiet.
Then David Subraman continues.
You know why? Because there's too much
[ __ ] corruption in Malaysia. Bro, now
you're using foul language. There are
children here. They can hear you. It's
not pleasant. What happened to the nice
David just now? Right. D aggression,
bro. Again, I didn't say this.
I didn't dare to say anything because I
was outnumbered. Okay.
So David continues, right? David who
works in IT
office is in Kualalumpo
and his house is okay.
So David goes on, you know why there's
so much corruption in Malaysia? It's
because of all these greedy Chinese
people giving bribes.
And when he said it like our faces were
just one arm's length away. I genuinely
have never seen this like unbridled
racism in my face. Full blasted racism.
And when it happened, I swear my brain
in defense came out with the stupidest
thought I've ever had in my life.
I thought, "Oh my god, have I stopped
being Chinese?
Have I become Indian?
Have I spontaneously changed my race or
have I somehow established such good
rapport with this guy that he has
forgotten that I am the member of the
race that he secretly hates?
Right? And let's be fair, let's be
honest. When he said that, it was a very
dangerous situation for David. Let's be
fair, but it was an even more dangerous
situation for me because I am a
39year-old Malaysian Chinese comedian.
Do you know how many racist Indian jokes
I have in my head?
I have a lot, man. Every year I think of
new ones. You understand?
And I want to I want to clarify
something. Okay. I am not racist towards
Indian people. I just have racist jokes
about them. Okay? Very different. I am
not racist towards Indian people. Right?
I love Indian people. My wife is Indian.
My in-laws are Indian. Mr. A is Indian.
All my best friends, they are here
today. They're Indian. I grew up with
Indian people, right? My cello friends
are all Indian. I know so much about
Indian culture, Indian life, Indian
heritage, Indian traditions. I know
about the Indian people's triumphs. I
know about their struggles. I know
Indian people so well. That's why I have
so many racist jokes about them.
Other people's racism comes from hatred
and ignorance. Mine comes from love.
My racist jokes come from love. You
understand?
But I'm very proud of myself at that
moment, my friends. I kept calm. Didn't
say anything. Kept my composure. I was
like, "Yeah, yeah, Chinese. Yes, yes,
Chinese bread. Chinese Chinese bad.
Chinese bad."
Now, David is not an idiot. Okay. He
knows he [ __ ] up. So, he tries to
change the subject, right? All these
greedy Chinese people giving bribes
today. Very hot, huh? Wow. Wow. What a
seamless transition.
But it's okay. I decided to give him the
out. Right. Play along. Let's get the
[ __ ] away from this awkward situation. I
like, "Yeah, yeah. Very hot. Very hot."
Right. Very hot. Yeah. I've been
sweating, David. I've been sweating. Can
you see? I'm sweating just now. I've
been sweating just now. Very, very hot.
And he's the host. He He has to be nice,
right? He saw my daughter playing in the
distance. He goes, "Ah, Jason, I can
tell that Arya, my daughter, Arya is
going to grow up to be a beautiful
girl." I said, "Oh, thank you." The
moment we go back to that normal level
of conversation again, the mask slips
again. He goes back to default racist
mode. He can't help himself. He must say
this. And I'm sure Arya will get all her
beautiful features from her Indian
mother.
Now it's two zero.
Who's counting? I am.
I am now like Ultra Man in the final
minutes of a typical Ultra Man episode.
I'm losing the fight against the
monster, but my red light is blinking.
Say something racist now.
So I have to say something racist back.
Okay, at least one, two, come on. So
quick as a flash I said, "Yeah, I'm sure
Arya will get all the beautiful features
from an Indian mother, but I like to
think that I will contribute a very
important feature as a Chinese father."
And he goes, "What?" And I go,
"Financial security.
I felt so bad the moment it escaped my
list. I felt so bad because you see, I
tell jokes for a living. I get paid to
tell jokes. I get paid to insult people.
This guy is an outmatch opponent. He had
no chance.
He has no verbal skills. He's an IT.
And there I am being overly aggressive,
pummeling him with my jokes, verbally,
being unnecessary aggressive towards him
in his own house, in his own lawn. I
have become the warrior in the garden.
And now to balance the scales, I'm going
to make fun of Chinese people.
Now to some of the non-Chinese here they
may not know this but for us Chinese we
have a very important pillar in Chinese
life and culture which is this idea this
concept of ancestral worship. Okay. Now
the idea is that we worship our
ancestors so that they may bestow upon
us blessings and guidance in our lives
today. Now I understand the blessings
part. I don't understand the guidance
part. Why do we need to seek guidance
from people who live and die thousands
of years ago on how to live our lives
today? They have no idea how to live
modern lives. Now to illustrate, I don't
even ask for much guidance from my own
father. And we're one generation apart.
No, seriously, imagine I ask my dad, 65
years old, uh, dad, let me ask you, uh,
how would I optimize my social media
algorithm
so that I can sell more tickets? Your
what algorithm?
Oh, you do dancing now.
It's okay. I ask someone else. I ask
someone else. Hey, you should ask me,
man. I'm your father. I'm your old man.
Don't you know I've eaten more salt
than you eat rice?
That's why you have hypertension. That's
why you stop stop the salt.
one of the biggest crisis of my life.
Four years ago, my daughter was born and
when she was 6 months old, she was
always falling ill, not sleeping well,
not eating well. And the most dangerous
sign for her was that her weight was
dropping off. She was losing weight.
Dangerous sign for a six-month old
infant. Now imagine instead of
consulting modern doctors of the day,
pediatricians, instead I consulted my
ancestors. Imagine there's an ancestor
hotline
for me to call to talk to talk to my
ancestors, right? Pick up the phone,
dial my ancestors. Okay. Ancestor. 44
444 444 444.
Uh, excuse me. Can you please connect me
to my ancestor? Connect me to my
ancestor from the Ming dynasty.
Hello, my son. I'm your ancestor from
from the Ming dynasty. How can I help
you? Uh, hello. My name is Jason. I'm
from the year 2020. Uh, I'm from
Malaysia. Oh, Malaysia. Uh, tomorrow's
lottery number. No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no. Uh, I have a healthcare
medical question. Are you up to it?
Healthcare? Of course. Back in the Ming
dynasty. I lived up to a ripable age of
43.
Okay. Uh, I have a baby daughter, 6
months old, very ill, weight dropping
off. What is your guidance? This guy, my
ancestor, different type, different
culture, different era.
Your baby daughter.
Yeah, my baby daughter. Oh, then let it
die.
It's a girl, isn't it? Let it die. Put
in a rubbish bin, then make a boy. Don't
waste your time with girls.
Historically, I create a job. Don't be
angry at me. Be angry at the Ming
dynasty. Okay.
But to be fair, I don't want this system
of ancestor worship to still exist in
the future where now I have died. I
become an ancestor, right? I'm up there
in atheist heaven
enjoying a [ __ ] from your angel.
The angel also atheist. It's okay.
Then I get a phone call. Ring ring. Ah,
[ __ ] Okay. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop.
Yeah. What the [ __ ] do you want? He's my
descendant. Hello ancestor. Uh we are
your descendants from 2,000 years after
you died. Uh we are facing a major
crisis. Earth is about to be bombarded
with 50 different asteroids will split
the planet into two. Mass extinction
event. Meanwhile, the radioactive waste
has spread to 75% of the planet surface.
The oceans are boiling and humanity is
losing the war against the AI controlled
robots. What is your guidance?
stand up comedian.
My guidance.
Uh okay. Uh I've always said that it's
uh better to be a warrior in the garden.
Uh hello. Hello. Hello.
As a comedian, I I like I said, I travel
around the world and sometimes I see
things in other countries which I wish
happened for our country. You know, um
two years ago, Singapore did a pretty
cool thing. Okay, Singapore, for all
their faults, did a pretty cool thing.
I'm being serious. Singapore actually
repealed section 377A of their penal
code. Right now, that law criminalizes
gay sex. That law is gone now. So, it's
no longer a crime to be gay in
Singapore. That's very nice, very cool.
I'm very happy for my gay friends in
Singapore. But when I talk to them, they
also say that it's not true equality
because uh they've actually made it
harder for same-sex marriages to happen
in Singapore. And that's not true
equality. And I can empathize with that.
But when I look at it from the lens of a
straight married man, I can't help but
think that that is a double win. You
know what I mean? Think about it. The
government says you can have sex but
cannot get married. That is a double
win, man.
Like how often do you see married people
going, you know what, getting married
was the best decision of my life. It
really happens. Okay? And if you're gay
in Singapore, you're in a uniquely
advantageous position cuz we Asians,
right? We straight Asians, we have to do
the whole song and dance, you know, like
every time Chinese New Year or a family
gathering that you want stupid auntie or
uncle, no boundaries. Hey, when you
getting married, when you getting
married, when you getting married and we
have to do the whole song and dance, no,
I'm too old. I don't know. Nobody wants
me. Too ugly. Travel. I want my career.
You you find for me. I don't know. I I
don't know how to find someone. I don't
know.
It's [ __ ] But if you're gay in
Singapore, you can go. No, cannot.
I'm a law-abiding citizen.
In fact, auntie, you ask me to get
married, that is a crime.
Hello, police.
My auntie is committed crime of having
no boundaries.
And I'm jealous because if you cannot
get married, you don't have to plan a
wedding. Planning a wedding is the
biggest pile of [ __ ] And the
biggest pile of [ __ ] in that pile is
planning your pre-wedding photography.
Pre-wedding photography is [ __ ]
man. Where you have to pay thousands of
ringit to take photos where you will
never look like that in a million years.
I don't recognize any of my friends in
their pre-wedding photography. And I'm
so sorry. I love Indian people but
Indian people your pre-writtening
photography is the most ridiculous.
I can say this my wife Indian. It's
okay. Your whole life you're dark. Okay.
Dark is beautiful. It's okay. Your whole
life dark. But pity photography suddenly
you're all glowing with light. Suddenly
you have the albino snowman filter.
You're not that fair. Don't lie to
yourselves.
See the album's shining light in my
face.
But it's also [ __ ] for other races.
Okay. 2 years ago, my Chinese friend got
married. He's my age at the time.
30-year-old Chinese man. And all his
photos are just of him making ridiculous
poses a Chinese 30-y old man should
never do in his life. I made so much fun
of him. This is his worst pose. His
worst pose.
Bro, what the [ __ ] you doing, bro?
You're a lone shark.
Are you straightening someone with love?
What the [ __ ] is this?
My preing photography. I did it 15 years
ago. I was on a beach in Pinang.
I was wearing a three-piece suit.
Jacket, pocket square, vest, shirt, tie,
pants, belt, no shoes.
I'm running along the beach
carrying my wife
at 2:00 in the afternoon. Who does this
[ __ ] Who does this [ __ ] Nobody does
this unless you're taking a pre-wedding
photography.
I look like a [ __ ]
right? My body was aching. I was dirty,
thirsty, tired, hungry, sweaty. But I
paid thousands of ringit, right? I was
in pain, but I had to make it work. My
whole face was like
I hated those photos. I hated all those
photos. But every year, Facebook
memories reminds me.
Every time I look at my period
photography, I thought, "Oh my god, I
wish I was gay in Singapore. [ __ ] this."
Uh, what one of my hopes and dreams is
actually this special. I don't know
where he's going to end up, but whatever
it is, I hope that he can help my
career, especially in helping to crack
the American market. You know, I want to
go do more shows in America. And I can't
help but find a role model in our very
own Michelle Yo. You know, Michelle is
so amazing. Michelle won an Oscar, best
actress and Oscar. She's so amazing,
right? Michelle Yo is so inspirational
for all of us Malaysians. She has shown
all of us Malaysians that there's no
limit to what you can achieve once you
give up on Malaysia.
Misha is amazing, right? It's amazing,
right? She worked so hard, you know,
when she won her first Golden Globe,
right? I started doing research into
Michelle's career. So amazing, right?
She was in Crazy Beach Asian. She was in
Shangi. She was kicking ass with Jackie
Chan in Hong Kong movies. She was also a
born girl. She has done everything. Also
in Star Trek, it's amazing. 61 years
old. She won one Golden Globe. And I
can't help but compare her to other
western actresses, right? Like Jennifer
Lawrence. Jennifer Lawrence, half her
age, 32 years old, three Golden Globes.
All Jennifer Lawrence does is play the
same character in all her movies. I'm
going to do an impression of Jennifer
Lawrence in her movies. Okay, this is
Jennifer Lawrence in all her movies.
Ready?
No.
Three golden gloves. three Golden
Globes.
Misha had to work 10 times as hard as to
achieve the same thing as a western
actress, you know. And it got me
thinking, right? Because the default
setting of us Asians is that we are
hardworking, right? That's the ethos. We
like to work hard. It's our default
setting, right? And nowadays PC culture,
we can't say white people are lazy. No,
we cannot say that, right? White people
are not lazy. They just love work life
balance.
Okay? Nothing wrong with that. We have
work balance.
Yes, his work life balance. It's okay.
And I asked myself, why is it? Why is it
we are default setting? Our default
setting is hard work. I think it's
because of the art we consume, the
myths, the mythologies, the legends, the
stories we're exposed to. Now, as a
child, I read this legendary Japanese
comic, this manga called Dragon Ball Z.
Okay, those you don't know Dragon Ball
Z, the whole story of Dragon Ball Z is
all about working hard. That's it. The
main hero, this boy named Goku, his
whole story, he's just working hard. He
has to train hard to defeat the bad guy.
The next bad guy is harder to defeat.
So, he has to train even harder to
defeat the next bad guy and so on and so
forth. That's his whole life, working
hard. As a child, Goku had to train
martial arts wearing a 20 kilo turtle
shell on his back. That is child abuse.
But you got to work hard.
My favorite point in the whole story,
Goku, as an adult, he fights a bad guy.
The bad guy kills him. Goku dies. Then
Goku's soul goes to heaven. And there
the king of heaven says to Goku who just
died, "You have to work harder."
The king of heaven sends Goku to a
special training facility in heaven
where Goku can train even harder. And
when Goku has trained hard enough, the
king of heaven gives him his life back.
So Goku goes back to Earth to defeat the
bad guy. What is the moral of the story
to all Asian kids reading this manga?
Even when you die, you have to work
hard.
Death will not liberate you from the
need to work hard. Right? When
Westerners die is rest in peace.
When Asians die is back to work.
Goku had no work life balance. He didn't
have life death balance. Had to work
hard.
And this ethos of hard work is embraced
in all Asian superheroes, not by the
western superheroes. Right? Look at the
MCU. The MCU heroes are all lazy. They
don't even work hard to achieve to
attain their superpowers. Look at Bruce
Banner. How did Bruce Banner become the
Incredible Hulk? How he walk in front of
the X-ray machine?
Gets blasted by rays. Incredible Hulk.
One day he's a scrawny scientist. The
next day he's the body of a bodybuilder
with the pecs. The pecs. Didn't do one
push-up for pecs.
No, Jason, you must understand the
struggle is that this character Bruce
Banner is always angry. Hey, [ __ ] you.
I'm also angry.
Where's my body?
If I walk in front of the extreme
machine, I get cancer. What the [ __ ]
How did Peter Parker become Spider-Man?
How?
Bit by a spider. No, no, no.
Accidentally bit by a spider. He didn't
even plan to be beaten by a spider. No.
No. He's not not that smart. One day
he's a nerd getting bullied in school.
The next day he's swinging all over
Manhattan, gizzing from his hands. G.
Double G's. Come, come, come, come.
So responsible. Didn't clean up his own.
Come. Other people clean up.
didn't even train in gymnastics,
swinging all over Manhattan.
How did Steve Rogers become Captain
America? How? Steroids. That's it.
There is a scene of them pumping him
with steroids. How on the nose is that?
How did Bruce Wayne and Tony Stark
become Batman and Iron Man? How? Money.
Money. That's right. Three-step program.
Father rich, father die, superhero.
So easy.
The most famous superhero. Superman. How
did Superman attain his powers? He was
born superhero.
He was born Superman. He was born with
all the perks, powers, and privileges.
He flies to Earth. No paperwork, no
visa.
Literally and figuratively an illegal
alien.
But because he's white,
widely accepted by the community. Yeah.
Man of steel, our superior be our
champion. So easy. The one that hurts me
the most personally, right, is Dr.
Strange. You follow his story. Dr.
Strange actually work hard to become a
neurosurgeon on his own accord. One of
the hardest branches of medicine,
neurosurgery. He gets to a car accident,
hands all [ __ ] up, can't do surgery.
Then he does a he does what a lot of
white people do when they're sad, right?
He goes backpacking. Okay.
to find himself. To find himself,
he finds himself in exotic country. And
how does he get his powers? How does he
train to get his powers? He gets given
his powers. He's given his powers by a
white lady pretending to be Asian.
One day, his hands all crippled. The
next day, he's fighting aliens with CGI.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Within one
day, he becomes sorcerer supreme, the
CEO of the sorcerer world. Straight up.
No internship, no interview.
Straight up sorcerer supreme, the top
sorcerer in the whole magic realm. One
day, meanwhile, the Asian guy,
Sorcerer Wong,
who has lived his whole life in the
temple, he becomes the assistant to the
white guy. [ __ ] you, MCU. [ __ ] you.
The reason I get so riled up is because
um I've been showing some Disney movies
to my daughter, hoping that she'll get
some moral lessons because every Disney
movie has a moral lesson, which is nice.
But after watching 80 times, I begin to
see an unhealthy pattern, right? Because
I see that Disney movies, they make it
so much easier for the white girls to
become Disney princesses compared to the
Asian girls, right? Now look at the
movie Cinderella. Okay, Cinderella
starts off a movie doing household
chores, right?
I don't like
I want to go party.
Cinderella wants to go to the ball to
meet the prince, but she got no money,
no dress. So what does she do to
accomplish this impossible task? What
does she do to accomplish this
impossible dream? Nothing. She doesn't
work hard for no reason. The fairy
godmother comes down and gives her
everything. Everything for free. Free
slippers, free gown, free dress, free
tiara. Not enough. Free transportation
to the ball. Now here pumpkin carriage
called Uber for you.
She goes to the ball, right? This gold
digger.
She meets the prince. They dance. She
gets a bit horny.
She lose track of time, right? said,
"Oh, no. 12 minute I have to go back.
Bye-bye. Bye-bye." Rushes off. Bye-bye.
Everything she forc leaves alone the
slipper. It's okay. Rush back. Rack
back. Tell me strikes. Everything back
to normal except the slipper for plot
reasons.
Prince Charming finds a slipper. I've
fallen in love with a woman I just met.
Can't remember what she looks like.
And now the prince must scour the whole
kingdom behaving like a creepy pervert.
Show me your food. So, you show me your
food. Show me your food. I'm the prince.
Show me your food.
Prince, find Cinderella. Kiss foil love.
Happily after this princess. She didn't
work hard. She didn't find the prince.
The prince found her. So passive.
Snow White. Snow White is saved from the
forest by seven dwarfves. They give her
food, shelter, accommodation, roof over
her head, a bed to lie on. Don't have to
pay rent. So nice.
Towards the end of the movie, Snow White
becomes princess. She marries the
prince. She becomes royalty.
She's rich now. She goes back to the
house of the dwarves on horseback. She
gets off the horse. She gives all the
dwars a hug. And then she gets back on
the horse and [ __ ] off.
She never helped the dwarfs. The dwarves
are still in the same social economic
struggle
as when they first met Snow White.
Imagine how they feel. What an
ungrateful [ __ ] What the [ __ ] You
have to steal mind goal. It's her goal
now. What the [ __ ] is this?
Don't get me started on Sleeping Beauty.
What is the struggle? What is the
character arc? I'm too beautiful. Sleep.
Prince comes kiss her without consent.
Fall in love. Happily after this
princess. So easy. She didn't do
anything in her movie. She literally
slept through her own movie.
Now you compare these three white women
to what Mulan had to do.
Mulan in the first act of the movie, she
has to serve in the Imperial army,
disguised as a man to safeguard her
father's honor, save the father's life,
goes into battle with one genius move,
destroys the invading army, saves the
general's life, goes to the palace,
saves the emperor's life, right? She
kills the bad guy. She takes up the
sword of the fallen villain. Gives the
sword to the emperor. The emperor bows
to her. The whole of China bows to her.
And then only that she becomes a Disney
princess. She worked 10 times as hard as
the other white girls to become a Disney
princess.
Mulan is the Michelle of Disney
princesses.
But that's not enough. Towards the end
of the movie, her last scene, Mulan goes
back to her village, goes back to her
house. She has saved the whole of China.
Her mother and her grandmother go, "Ah,
good job."
But you see the handsome man you just
saved. He's outside the house. Invite
him for dinner. Invite him for dinner.
Because for an Asian family, you can
save the whole of China. Your parents
still go when you getting married.
You get married. Don't get married. Ma's
like, "I wish I was gay in Singapore.
[ __ ] this. [ __ ] this.
So I was in Perth uh January right
spending time with my family and then
February came along and I had to come
back to KL because my parents still live
here and it's Chinese New Year, right?
And I flew back from Perth to KL via Air
Asia, right? Because the Herbal Life
payments haven't come in yet.
But I also had to work. I had to do some
corporate gigs in this uh in this hotel
ballroom. So, I entered this hotel's
elevator, right? And because it's
Chinese New Year, there were a lot of
Chinese New Year posters in the
elevator, okay? And the biggest one
caught my eye, right? So, this is a
typical Chinese New Year poster
sponsored by a beer company. So, there's
a picture of a beer mug fill up to the
brim with beer and in the middle there's
a picture of a plate of yisang. Okay.
Now, for the benefit of people watching
right, who are not from Malaysia, uh
yang is a Chinese tradition. It's a big
plate of vegetables, some raw fish, some
crackers. And the tradition is every
Chinese year we Chinese will gather
together as a family or a bunch of
friends we'll take big chopsticks we'll
grab the vegetables and throw the
vegetables high up in the air. Okay,
it's very messy. We waste some food but
it's okay. No one is starving in this
world.
So as you throw the vegetables high up
in the air, we'll shout manifestations
or affirmations like wealth, fortune,
prosperity,
career, good, money, cash, goal, more
prosperity, more money, and then if you
have time, good health. Okay,
so that's the Chinese New Year tradition
of Isang. So berm isang and the the
words on the poster was this Chinese new
year toss for prosperity toss to o ss
right makes sense because that's the
lingo right you want to go for isang we
toss isang because we're tossing the
vegetables in the air right to isang
this Chinese new year toss for
prosperity okay makes sense didn't think
much about it then the doors open and in
walked in these two American guys okay I
knew the American immediately because I
can hear the arrogance
They walking like, "Yeah, we're going to
save the world." Yeah.
See, they walked in and they saw the
poster. These Chinese here toss for
prosperity. One says to the other, "Oh
my god, these Malaysians, they don't
even know how to spell toast.
It's toast for prosperity, not toss for
prosperity. Oh my god, they don't know
how to spell toast." And I got upset. I
had to correct them. Excuse me. This
poster refers to the Chinese tradition
of yisang. I thought to myself, how do I
quickly explain yisang to Americans? Ah,
yizang. Plate of vegetables, some raw
fish, some crackers. It's like a salad.
So, I said, every Chinese near, we
Chinese will get together and toss a
salad.
Oh, okay. Then the doors open and they
walked away. I reached my destination. I
tell my friends, "Guys, you won't
believe what just happened in the
elevator." One of my friends said,
"Jason, in American lingo, the phrase
tossing salad
refers to the act of putting your tongue
into another person's [ __ ]
Auntie, I'm not making this up.
Auntie, you can Google this. Don't
Google image."
I didn't know eating ass in America is
tossing salad.
So I said to this two American guys,
every
Chinese New Year,
we Chinese
will get together
and toss a salad.
And I didn't have time to explain
further. They left at a moment, which
means for at least a few minutes they
were thinking, "Oh my god,
the Chinese
will do whatever it takes for
prosperity." Man,
they are willing to go through a lot of
[ __ ] for money.
Didn't have time to explain further. But
in hindsight, it's better because if I
explain further, it would have sounded
worse.
Every Chinese New Year, we Chinese will
get together and toss a salad. It's a
family affair.
The children are involved.
The grandparents are involved. It's very
loud. It's very messy.
And we all use chopsticks.
That's the show. You guys been amazing.
Thank you so much. Thank you for your
support. Thank you.
I've done this show I believe 50 times.
I'm being serious. I've done this show
50 times. This particular performance is
very important for me because I have a
very special guest in attendance. None
other than my disciplined teacher from
Buki Boy School, Mr. Agis. Mr. Agis is
right there.
Mr. Ais
Mr. A. Mr. A.
Okay. Mr. A is smiling. I'm so
Mr. I guess uh two two messages I want
to say to you. Number one is the the
stuff about the prefect is just lie.
Never happened.
But the second message I want to tell
you Mr. I guess is that uh I don't know
about the other book boys but most of us
from my year we've all turned out to be
pretty okay men in our lives and I think
it's because of you. Thank you so much
Mr. Ais. Thank you. Thank you.
Most importantly, thanks to all of you
for being here. Thank you very much.
Thank you. Good night.
Heat
Heat.
