>> Oh, hey. Hi. How are you? Welcome. When >> Oh, hey. Hi. How are you? Welcome. When >> Oh, hey. Hi. How are you? Welcome. When did you get here? Anyway, doesn't did you get here? Anyway, doesn't did you get here? Anyway, doesn't matter. I'm glad you're here. matter. I'm glad you're here. matter. I'm glad you're here. First time here? My name's Fiddlin' First time here? My name's Fiddlin' First time here? My name's Fiddlin' John. It's my fiddle channel and magic John. It's my fiddle channel and magic John. It's my fiddle channel and magic product review. And today, we are product review. And today, we are product review. And today, we are reviewing Joel Anthony's Hung, Drawn, reviewing Joel Anthony's Hung, Drawn, reviewing Joel Anthony's Hung, Drawn, and Quartered Reimagined. and Quartered Reimagined. and Quartered Reimagined. Now, there's other things out there that Now, there's other things out there that Now, there's other things out there that get lots of hype. Many things that fly a get lots of hype. Many things that fly a get lots of hype. Many things that fly a little bit under the radar screen. little bit under the radar screen. little bit under the radar screen. So, let me put this on your radar So, let me put this on your radar So, let me put this on your radar screen. screen. screen. Let's get right into the review. All right, let's go ahead and talk about All right, let's go ahead and talk about All right, let's go ahead and talk about Hung, Drawn, and Quartered Reimagined by Hung, Drawn, and Quartered Reimagined by Hung, Drawn, and Quartered Reimagined by Joel Anthony. Joel Anthony. Joel Anthony. I'm going to go on a little bit of a I'm going to go on a little bit of a I'm going to go on a little bit of a binge here for a second. Feel like binge here for a second. Feel like binge here for a second. Feel like certain products right now are just certain products right now are just certain products right now are just super hyped. super hyped. super hyped. And maybe it's deserved. And maybe it's deserved. And maybe it's deserved. I think one of them this week I think one of them this week I think one of them this week Oh, now I'm forgetting the name of it. Oh, now I'm forgetting the name of it. Oh, now I'm forgetting the name of it. But it feels like it's everywhere. And But it feels like it's everywhere. And But it feels like it's everywhere. And certain products just get really hyped, certain products just get really hyped, certain products just get really hyped, while other ones kind of while other ones kind of while other ones kind of come out rather quietly. Maybe doesn't come out rather quietly. Maybe doesn't come out rather quietly. Maybe doesn't get quite the promotion as some other get quite the promotion as some other get quite the promotion as some other ones. And I feel like this is one of ones. And I feel like this is one of ones. And I feel like this is one of them. It may be running under your radar them. It may be running under your radar them. It may be running under your radar screen. Not for everybody. But it will screen. Not for everybody. But it will screen. Not for everybody. But it will be, I think, some people's cup of tea be, I think, some people's cup of tea be, I think, some people's cup of tea and will be really interesting to them. and will be really interesting to them. and will be really interesting to them. All right, enough of that. Ranting about All right, enough of that. Ranting about All right, enough of that. Ranting about like certain products get lots of like certain products get lots of like certain products get lots of attention, while others go simply attention, while others go simply attention, while others go simply invisible. And I want to make sure some invisible. And I want to make sure some invisible. And I want to make sure some things get on your radar screen. All things get on your radar screen. All things get on your radar screen. All right, Hung, Drawn, and Quartered right, Hung, Drawn, and Quartered right, Hung, Drawn, and Quartered Reimagined by Joel Anthony. What is it? Reimagined by Joel Anthony. What is it? Reimagined by Joel Anthony. What is it? It's actually technically not a first It's actually technically not a first It's actually technically not a first release. It's actually the reimagined. release. It's actually the reimagined. release. It's actually the reimagined. So, it's the 2.0 version. I don't think So, it's the 2.0 version. I don't think So, it's the 2.0 version. I don't think it was all that long ago, maybe 2 years it was all that long ago, maybe 2 years it was all that long ago, maybe 2 years ago, ago, ago, if that, uh that the original was uh if that, uh that the original was uh if that, uh that the original was uh released. This is an updated version released. This is an updated version released. This is an updated version with more routines on it, um which I do with more routines on it, um which I do with more routines on it, um which I do think uh improves, it gives you more think uh improves, it gives you more think uh improves, it gives you more options. options. options. What is it? At the core, it is card to What is it? At the core, it is card to What is it? At the core, it is card to impossible location. And the specifics impossible location. And the specifics impossible location. And the specifics in this one is card to signed card to uh in this one is card to signed card to uh in this one is card to signed card to uh key ring. Um key ring. Um key ring. Um and that your card ends up on a key and that your card ends up on a key and that your card ends up on a key ring. Um I'll go through uh the other ring. Um I'll go through uh the other ring. Um I'll go through uh the other variations here shortly. But that is the variations here shortly. But that is the variations here shortly. But that is the core card to core card to core card to uh impossible location. Uh but you can uh impossible location. Uh but you can uh impossible location. Uh but you can also do color-changing card with it. You also do color-changing card with it. You also do color-changing card with it. You can do a printing card with it where it can do a printing card with it where it can do a printing card with it where it shows blank and then make it printed. shows blank and then make it printed. shows blank and then make it printed. Um and uh yeah, that's sort of the the Um and uh yeah, that's sort of the the Um and uh yeah, that's sort of the the essence of it. All right, let's talk essence of it. All right, let's talk essence of it. All right, let's talk about about about in this little package, what are you in this little package, what are you in this little package, what are you going to get? All right, so um you're going to get? All right, so um you're going to get? All right, so um you're going to get going to get going to get two key rings, and they're very specific two key rings, and they're very specific two key rings, and they're very specific key rings. They are flat key rings. I'm key rings. They are flat key rings. I'm key rings. They are flat key rings. I'm only showing you one of them only showing you one of them only showing you one of them uh here because I think the other one is uh here because I think the other one is uh here because I think the other one is next to where I keep the rest of my next to where I keep the rest of my next to where I keep the rest of my keys. Uh but they come in two different keys. Uh but they come in two different keys. Uh but they come in two different sizes, and they come in two different sizes, and they come in two different sizes, and they come in two different sizes specifically for different like sizes specifically for different like sizes specifically for different like finger sizes. So that as you perform it, finger sizes. So that as you perform it, finger sizes. So that as you perform it, it's usually done while um holding the it's usually done while um holding the it's usually done while um holding the card on your finger. And if you got big card on your finger. And if you got big card on your finger. And if you got big fat sausage fingers, fat sausage fingers, fat sausage fingers, you have the bigger one so it fits your you have the bigger one so it fits your you have the bigger one so it fits your fingers. Almost doesn't matter because fingers. Almost doesn't matter because fingers. Almost doesn't matter because if you don't like it, just go out and if you don't like it, just go out and if you don't like it, just go out and buy one that fits your fat sausage buy one that fits your fat sausage buy one that fits your fat sausage fingers. Uh but I think for most folks, fingers. Uh but I think for most folks, fingers. Uh but I think for most folks, the it'll be just fine. If it matters to the it'll be just fine. If it matters to the it'll be just fine. If it matters to folks, one is 25 mm, and the other is 28 folks, one is 25 mm, and the other is 28 folks, one is 25 mm, and the other is 28 mm. mm. mm. All right. So you're going to get uh two All right. So you're going to get uh two All right. So you're going to get uh two of those uh of those uh of those uh uh uh uh finger rings. Uh you're going to get 20 finger rings. Uh you're going to get 20 finger rings. Uh you're going to get 20 pre-prepared pre-prepared pre-prepared uh and I'll tell you up front uh and I'll tell you up front uh and I'll tell you up front pre-scored cards. So, you're going to pre-scored cards. So, you're going to pre-scored cards. So, you're going to get 20 uh get 20 uh get 20 uh Bicycle Rider Back blue and red uh Bicycle Rider Back blue and red uh Bicycle Rider Back blue and red uh cards. Don't imagine they're going to cards. Don't imagine they're going to cards. Don't imagine they're going to come pre-hole punched, so you don't have come pre-hole punched, so you don't have come pre-hole punched, so you don't have to hole-punch them. And they'll come to hole-punch them. And they'll come to hole-punch them. And they'll come scored because you'll do I'll just scored because you'll do I'll just scored because you'll do I'll just reveal part of it. You're going to be reveal part of it. You're going to be reveal part of it. You're going to be doing Well, if you know that they have doing Well, if you know that they have doing Well, if you know that they have to be scored, to be scored, to be scored, um you might be able to figure it out. um you might be able to figure it out. um you might be able to figure it out. So, um So, um So, um that's what you're getting. Re- regular that's what you're getting. Re- regular that's what you're getting. Re- regular cards that you could do all the cards that you could do all the cards that you could do all the gimmicking yourself, quite frankly. So, gimmicking yourself, quite frankly. So, gimmicking yourself, quite frankly. So, that when you are done with these, it that when you are done with these, it that when you are done with these, it doesn't matter. Just use doesn't matter. Just use doesn't matter. Just use uh your other cards and do the same and uh your other cards and do the same and uh your other cards and do the same and you are good to go. They are consumable, you are good to go. They are consumable, you are good to go. They are consumable, though, because though, because though, because each performance, essentially, a card each performance, essentially, a card each performance, essentially, a card gets signed and destroyed. Um you gets signed and destroyed. Um you gets signed and destroyed. Um you wouldn't use it after that. Uh it is a wouldn't use it after that. Uh it is a wouldn't use it after that. Uh it is a handout, and so uh just know that it's handout, and so uh just know that it's handout, and so uh just know that it's that type of a uh release. Okay. that type of a uh release. Okay. that type of a uh release. Okay. Still talking about what are you going Still talking about what are you going Still talking about what are you going to get? to get? to get? Um Okay, and you're also going to get um Um Okay, and you're also going to get um Um Okay, and you're also going to get um let's see. You're going to get a total let's see. You're going to get a total let's see. You're going to get a total of four gimmicks um that are two red and of four gimmicks um that are two red and of four gimmicks um that are two red and two blue card gimmicks. two blue card gimmicks. two blue card gimmicks. Um And in essence, of the four, two of Um And in essence, of the four, two of Um And in essence, of the four, two of them them them are gimmicked in a certain way. And so, are gimmicked in a certain way. And so, are gimmicked in a certain way. And so, um just know that. It's pretty um just know that. It's pretty um just know that. It's pretty straightforward uh gimmicks that are straightforward uh gimmicks that are straightforward uh gimmicks that are there. Okay, so you're going to get those four Okay, so you're going to get those four Okay, so you're going to get those four gimmicked cards gimmicked cards gimmicked cards and those four gimmicked cards are the and those four gimmicked cards are the and those four gimmicked cards are the ones that go on your keychain. Um all ones that go on your keychain. Um all ones that go on your keychain. Um all right, and you're also, probably most right, and you're also, probably most right, and you're also, probably most importantly, the uh downloadable video, importantly, the uh downloadable video, importantly, the uh downloadable video, which is on Vimeo, and it is 48 minutes which is on Vimeo, and it is 48 minutes which is on Vimeo, and it is 48 minutes in length. All right, that's what you're in length. All right, that's what you're in length. All right, that's what you're getting. Your consumables, uh your getting. Your consumables, uh your getting. Your consumables, uh your gimmicks, etc. How is the tutorial? It's gimmicks, etc. How is the tutorial? It's gimmicks, etc. How is the tutorial? It's good. Is it amazing? Fantastic? Out of good. Is it amazing? Fantastic? Out of good. Is it amazing? Fantastic? Out of this world? No, but it's good. It does this world? No, but it's good. It does this world? No, but it's good. It does the job. It is taught by Joe Anthony, uh the job. It is taught by Joe Anthony, uh the job. It is taught by Joe Anthony, uh the creator of these routines, uh and he the creator of these routines, uh and he the creator of these routines, uh and he does a great job. It's multi-camera and does a great job. It's multi-camera and does a great job. It's multi-camera and uh paced perfectly. And at 48 minutes, uh paced perfectly. And at 48 minutes, uh paced perfectly. And at 48 minutes, you get all that you need to be able to you get all that you need to be able to you get all that you need to be able to uh per- to perform it. So, simple as uh per- to perform it. So, simple as uh per- to perform it. So, simple as that. that. that. Um let me talk about what are the Um let me talk about what are the Um let me talk about what are the specific routines that are taught on it specific routines that are taught on it specific routines that are taught on it uh and it. So, you're going to get four uh and it. So, you're going to get four uh and it. So, you're going to get four routines. There's a confabulation, and routines. There's a confabulation, and routines. There's a confabulation, and I'll read some of the ad copy for you I'll read some of the ad copy for you I'll read some of the ad copy for you It's a confabulation. It's a fantastic It's a confabulation. It's a fantastic It's a confabulation. It's a fantastic confabulation routine for the mentalist confabulation routine for the mentalist confabulation routine for the mentalist out there. Use your own very own out there. Use your own very own out there. Use your own very own business card and have a prediction business card and have a prediction business card and have a prediction ready and pierced on your keyring that ready and pierced on your keyring that ready and pierced on your keyring that matches the spectator's matches the spectator's matches the spectator's word or picture. The other one that's uh word or picture. The other one that's uh word or picture. The other one that's uh taught is the Chicago drawn and taught is the Chicago drawn and taught is the Chicago drawn and quartered. Basically, it's Joel's take quartered. Basically, it's Joel's take quartered. Basically, it's Joel's take on the Chicago style opener, where the on the Chicago style opener, where the on the Chicago style opener, where the back of the signed card changes color back of the signed card changes color back of the signed card changes color before turning completely blank and before turning completely blank and before turning completely blank and their card appearing on your keyring. their card appearing on your keyring. their card appearing on your keyring. There's the original, which is uh Joel's There's the original, which is uh Joel's There's the original, which is uh Joel's own drawn and quartered routine, where own drawn and quartered routine, where own drawn and quartered routine, where the signed card is pierced on your the signed card is pierced on your the signed card is pierced on your keyring and it's ripped off to be handed keyring and it's ripped off to be handed keyring and it's ripped off to be handed out to the spectator. And the final one out to the spectator. And the final one out to the spectator. And the final one is the color changes. Show a prediction is the color changes. Show a prediction is the color changes. Show a prediction on your keyring that is the wrong color on your keyring that is the wrong color on your keyring that is the wrong color card with a different back design, wave card with a different back design, wave card with a different back design, wave your hand over it, change the card to your hand over it, change the card to your hand over it, change the card to match the deck, and rip it off to show match the deck, and rip it off to show match the deck, and rip it off to show your spectator's signed card. Those are your spectator's signed card. Those are your spectator's signed card. Those are all really solid routines. Those are all really solid routines. Those are all really solid routines. Those are worker routines, I think, for those who worker routines, I think, for those who worker routines, I think, for those who are workers and uh probably doing are workers and uh probably doing are workers and uh probably doing walk-around or close-up style. Um walk-around or close-up style. Um walk-around or close-up style. Um They're solid solid uh effects and They're solid solid uh effects and They're solid solid uh effects and time-tested. All right, uh let's talk time-tested. All right, uh let's talk time-tested. All right, uh let's talk about Normally, I would talk about how about Normally, I would talk about how about Normally, I would talk about how is the gimmick? There's not much to say is the gimmick? There's not much to say is the gimmick? There's not much to say here other than they're standard Bicycle here other than they're standard Bicycle here other than they're standard Bicycle cards that have been pre-hole punched cards that have been pre-hole punched cards that have been pre-hole punched for you and scored. for you and scored. for you and scored. Um Um Um you're getting the keyrings. Um there is you're getting the keyrings. Um there is you're getting the keyrings. Um there is something special about one of the something special about one of the something special about one of the keyrings, but you can just go to your keyrings, but you can just go to your keyrings, but you can just go to your local hardware store and purchase local hardware store and purchase local hardware store and purchase another one if you lost it or wanted a another one if you lost it or wanted a another one if you lost it or wanted a different size. And let's see. different size. And let's see. different size. And let's see. I think that's it. There's nothing like, I think that's it. There's nothing like, I think that's it. There's nothing like, will this last or anything. will this last or anything. will this last or anything. They're basically cards and key rings. They're basically cards and key rings. They're basically cards and key rings. Nothing else. Nothing else. Nothing else. Well, a little bit with the Well, a little bit with the Well, a little bit with the with one of them, but it's insignificant with one of them, but it's insignificant with one of them, but it's insignificant to even mention. All right, so the to even mention. All right, so the to even mention. All right, so the takeaway, gimmicks are fine, okay? takeaway, gimmicks are fine, okay? takeaway, gimmicks are fine, okay? What's the skill level? What's the skill level? What's the skill level? I say this a lot, but I mean it strongly I say this a lot, but I mean it strongly I say this a lot, but I mean it strongly with this one. This is a beginner level, with this one. This is a beginner level, with this one. This is a beginner level, but does require practice for it to look but does require practice for it to look but does require practice for it to look good. good. good. You're not going to be able to get it, You're not going to be able to get it, You're not going to be able to get it, and you could start performing it right and you could start performing it right and you could start performing it right away, but I would say put in a little away, but I would say put in a little away, but I would say put in a little bit of practice time to just get your bit of practice time to just get your bit of practice time to just get your card graph moves looking really nice. card graph moves looking really nice. card graph moves looking really nice. Let's go over sort of the stuff like, if Let's go over sort of the stuff like, if Let's go over sort of the stuff like, if I were you and I was sitting on that I were you and I was sitting on that I were you and I was sitting on that side of the screen, what would I care side of the screen, what would I care side of the screen, what would I care about? So, the first thing I'll say is about? So, the first thing I'll say is about? So, the first thing I'll say is like, if you like EDC, everyday carry, like, if you like EDC, everyday carry, like, if you like EDC, everyday carry, this is great for the casual performer. this is great for the casual performer. this is great for the casual performer. In fact, I In fact, I In fact, I This is my regular key ring that I use This is my regular key ring that I use This is my regular key ring that I use everyday. It's got a what do you call everyday. It's got a what do you call everyday. It's got a what do you call it, carabiner on it, and then I just it, carabiner on it, and then I just it, carabiner on it, and then I just keep my card keep my card keep my card on its key ring, attach it to the on its key ring, attach it to the on its key ring, attach it to the carabiner on the rest of my carabiner on the rest of my carabiner on the rest of my key chain, and I'm ready to go. And I key chain, and I'm ready to go. And I key chain, and I'm ready to go. And I just throw this into my pocket. I just throw this into my pocket. I just throw this into my pocket. I sometimes think, oh, this is getting sometimes think, oh, this is getting sometimes think, oh, this is getting really beaten up. So far, so good. And I really beaten up. So far, so good. And I really beaten up. So far, so good. And I keep this in my pocket all day. And then keep this in my pocket all day. And then keep this in my pocket all day. And then some days if I don't want to, I just some days if I don't want to, I just some days if I don't want to, I just simply pull it off of here, and um simply pull it off of here, and um simply pull it off of here, and um don't need to bring it with me. So, don't need to bring it with me. So, don't need to bring it with me. So, it's my long-winded way of saying it's it's my long-winded way of saying it's it's my long-winded way of saying it's great everyday carry great everyday carry great everyday carry with you. All you need then is your own with you. All you need then is your own with you. All you need then is your own deck of cards to carry with you, and deck of cards to carry with you, and deck of cards to carry with you, and you're all you are good to go. you're all you are good to go. you're all you are good to go. I will talk about what the negative I will talk about what the negative I will talk about what the negative thing is here. And this is really me and thing is here. And this is really me and thing is here. And this is really me and my experience, and others may my experience, and others may my experience, and others may [clears throat] not have this same or [clears throat] not have this same or [clears throat] not have this same or shared experience. There's a move that shared experience. There's a move that shared experience. There's a move that happens, happens, happens, and the move is where essentially the and the move is where essentially the and the move is where essentially the magic happens. As a magician, I don't magic happens. As a magician, I don't magic happens. As a magician, I don't think I can help but look at it and go, think I can help but look at it and go, think I can help but look at it and go, "Oh, there's the move. That's when it's "Oh, there's the move. That's when it's "Oh, there's the move. That's when it's happening." Um, I happening." Um, I happening." Um, I feel a little awkward doing the move, feel a little awkward doing the move, feel a little awkward doing the move, quite honestly, because my magician quite honestly, because my magician quite honestly, because my magician brain goes, "There is no way in heck I'm brain goes, "There is no way in heck I'm brain goes, "There is no way in heck I'm going to get away with this." And to be going to get away with this." And to be going to get away with this." And to be frank, frank, frank, I look clumsy doing it. It's one of the I look clumsy doing it. It's one of the I look clumsy doing it. It's one of the reasons I didn't put up a demo of it, reasons I didn't put up a demo of it, reasons I didn't put up a demo of it, and maybe I'll have already put up or and maybe I'll have already put up or and maybe I'll have already put up or will put up um the trailer for it uh or will put up um the trailer for it uh or will put up um the trailer for it uh or pieces of it. But, um pieces of it. But, um pieces of it. But, um I feel clumsy doing it, and sometimes I I feel clumsy doing it, and sometimes I I feel clumsy doing it, and sometimes I don't want to put stuff up if it's just don't want to put stuff up if it's just don't want to put stuff up if it's just too obvious. Um, and I'm doing it too obvious. Um, and I'm doing it too obvious. Um, and I'm doing it clumsy. And the truth is, I kind of do clumsy. And the truth is, I kind of do clumsy. And the truth is, I kind of do it a little bit clumsy. Um, will Muggles it a little bit clumsy. Um, will Muggles it a little bit clumsy. Um, will Muggles notice it? notice it? notice it? No. It My own experience shows like when No. It My own experience shows like when No. It My own experience shows like when I have moves like this, and I think I have moves like this, and I think I have moves like this, and I think there's no way I'm going to get away there's no way I'm going to get away there's no way I'm going to get away with it, with it, with it, I do. I do. I do. The regular public, non-magicians, don't The regular public, non-magicians, don't The regular public, non-magicians, don't know these moves. They don't understand know these moves. They don't understand know these moves. They don't understand what's happening. There might be some go what's happening. There might be some go what's happening. There might be some go like, "I think that's where something like, "I think that's where something like, "I think that's where something happened." But, they wouldn't know happened." But, they wouldn't know happened." But, they wouldn't know [clears throat] anything past that. So, [clears throat] anything past that. So, [clears throat] anything past that. So, I I say that just to share what my own I I say that just to share what my own I I say that just to share what my own experience is. experience is. experience is. Um, Um, Um, the for magicians, you'll see the move a the for magicians, you'll see the move a the for magicians, you'll see the move a mile away. Um, but it shouldn't dissuade mile away. Um, but it shouldn't dissuade mile away. Um, but it shouldn't dissuade you, I think, from consideration you, I think, from consideration you, I think, from consideration um of it because the effects are really um of it because the effects are really um of it because the effects are really solid effects. They are workers, in solid effects. They are workers, in solid effects. They are workers, in fact. So, fact. So, fact. So, um it's not the sort of effect I'm um it's not the sort of effect I'm um it's not the sort of effect I'm honestly going to be performing on a honestly going to be performing on a honestly going to be performing on a regular basis, mostly because it's not regular basis, mostly because it's not regular basis, mostly because it's not exactly my style. Yeah, I do carry it exactly my style. Yeah, I do carry it exactly my style. Yeah, I do carry it with me. Uh so that when opportunity with me. Uh so that when opportunity with me. Uh so that when opportunity arises, I'm ready to go. But, I probably arises, I'm ready to go. But, I probably arises, I'm ready to go. But, I probably won't be performing it on a regular won't be performing it on a regular won't be performing it on a regular basis, but I know others who will basis, but I know others who will basis, but I know others who will immediately look at this and go, "Oh, immediately look at this and go, "Oh, immediately look at this and go, "Oh, that fits me perfectly." that fits me perfectly." that fits me perfectly." And um will be no issues for them. So, And um will be no issues for them. So, And um will be no issues for them. So, um this is where I would say, "Watch the um this is where I would say, "Watch the um this is where I would say, "Watch the trailer." trailer." trailer." The trailer's are very accurate. If you The trailer's are very accurate. If you The trailer's are very accurate. If you like what you see um and how it looks, like what you see um and how it looks, like what you see um and how it looks, it's well worth consideration. So, it's well worth consideration. So, it's well worth consideration. So, but I do want to say that like just off but I do want to say that like just off but I do want to say that like just off the top of my head, like I see the the top of my head, like I see the the top of my head, like I see the movement and I'm like, movement and I'm like, movement and I'm like, "Golly, that'll be noticed from a mile "Golly, that'll be noticed from a mile "Golly, that'll be noticed from a mile away." And I'm always wrong on that. All away." And I'm always wrong on that. All away." And I'm always wrong on that. All right. I think I I think I I think I probably already said it. This is a probably already said it. This is a probably already said it. This is a really good It's a good close-up piece. really good It's a good close-up piece. really good It's a good close-up piece. It resets in seconds. If you're doing It resets in seconds. If you're doing It resets in seconds. If you're doing walk around in particular walk around in particular walk around in particular and you're gigging with it, easy from and you're gigging with it, easy from and you're gigging with it, easy from one table to the next to reset. Nobody one table to the next to reset. Nobody one table to the next to reset. Nobody sees anything. sees anything. sees anything. Literally in seconds. And also one of the nice things about And also one of the nice things about And also one of the nice things about this, you don't have to switch out for this, you don't have to switch out for this, you don't have to switch out for another deck. Just continue using it another deck. Just continue using it another deck. Just continue using it once you've done this effect and you once you've done this effect and you once you've done this effect and you want to perform more card effects, want to perform more card effects, want to perform more card effects, you're using a regular deck. So, you're using a regular deck. So, you're using a regular deck. So, continue with your regular card effects continue with your regular card effects continue with your regular card effects with it. If you don't like signed card with it. If you don't like signed card with it. If you don't like signed card routines as the way to prove stuff, routines as the way to prove stuff, routines as the way to prove stuff, maybe this isn't for you. But the nice maybe this isn't for you. But the nice maybe this isn't for you. But the nice thing is you can have them sign the card thing is you can have them sign the card thing is you can have them sign the card and the signed card is what will and the signed card is what will and the signed card is what will give you the appearance of coming off give you the appearance of coming off give you the appearance of coming off the key ring and handing right back to the key ring and handing right back to the key ring and handing right back to them. them. them. There's no bad angles on this at all. There's no bad angles on this at all. There's no bad angles on this at all. And it's nice at the end, you pretty And it's nice at the end, you pretty And it's nice at the end, you pretty much end clean. You hand them their much end clean. You hand them their much end clean. You hand them their signed card, you hand them the deck of signed card, you hand them the deck of signed card, you hand them the deck of cards and they can fully examine all of cards and they can fully examine all of cards and they can fully examine all of those. At this point, of course, I put those. At this point, of course, I put those. At this point, of course, I put away my key ring, but um away my key ring, but um away my key ring, but um yeah, yeah, yeah, there's nothing for them to see. So, there's nothing for them to see. So, there's nothing for them to see. So, it's nice in that respect. All right, it's nice in that respect. All right, it's nice in that respect. All right, how much does this cost? This costs $35. how much does this cost? This costs $35. how much does this cost? This costs $35. I think that's a very reasonable price I think that's a very reasonable price I think that's a very reasonable price for the consumables that you're getting for the consumables that you're getting for the consumables that you're getting here. Could it be a download? Yes, this here. Could it be a download? Yes, this here. Could it be a download? Yes, this could be a download only and then you could be a download only and then you could be a download only and then you could get the consumables yourself. I could get the consumables yourself. I could get the consumables yourself. I personally like that they include it at personally like that they include it at personally like that they include it at least for the at least the first round least for the at least the first round least for the at least the first round for you. Like I've got 20 performances for you. Like I've got 20 performances for you. Like I've got 20 performances that are right out of the box ready to that are right out of the box ready to that are right out of the box ready to go before I need to go into my own cards go before I need to go into my own cards go before I need to go into my own cards Uh, and use the decks that I use to Uh, and use the decks that I use to Uh, and use the decks that I use to destroy cards while performing. So, destroy cards while performing. So, destroy cards while performing. So, um um um where can you get it? You can it's where can you get it? You can it's where can you get it? You can it's produced by uh, Pocket Miracles, but produced by uh, Pocket Miracles, but produced by uh, Pocket Miracles, but it's available through any Murphy's it's available through any Murphy's it's available through any Murphy's Magic retailer. You can get it at Magic retailer. You can get it at Magic retailer. You can get it at Penguin. Penguin. Penguin. You can get it at Alakazam. So, you You can get it at Alakazam. So, you You can get it at Alakazam. So, you should be able to get this at most of should be able to get this at most of should be able to get this at most of your major magic retailers. Um, all your major magic retailers. Um, all your major magic retailers. Um, all right. That's it. I hope this was right. That's it. I hope this was right. That's it. I hope this was helpful. I want today to bring something helpful. I want today to bring something helpful. I want today to bring something that may not be on your radar screen that may not be on your radar screen that may not be on your radar screen that hasn't had the hype behind it like that hasn't had the hype behind it like that hasn't had the hype behind it like other other other effects are because you're getting effects are because you're getting effects are because you're getting something new and fancy gimmick. This is something new and fancy gimmick. This is something new and fancy gimmick. This is just good solid magic with everyday just good solid magic with everyday just good solid magic with everyday objects that you would carry with you. objects that you would carry with you. objects that you would carry with you. And the effects are solid. Simple as And the effects are solid. Simple as And the effects are solid. Simple as that. that. that. Um, Um, Um, the only thing I don't like is the one the only thing I don't like is the one the only thing I don't like is the one move, but um, that's because I've got move, but um, that's because I've got move, but um, that's because I've got magician thinking going on. Outside magician thinking going on. Outside magician thinking going on. Outside that, I think it's a really good that, I think it's a really good that, I think it's a really good product. All right. Thank you so much product. All right. Thank you so much product. All right. Thank you so much for watching everyone. I really do for watching everyone. I really do for watching everyone. I really do appreciate it. Make sure that you leave appreciate it. Make sure that you leave appreciate it. Make sure that you leave a comment down below if you have the a comment down below if you have the a comment down below if you have the original or this one, what you think of original or this one, what you think of original or this one, what you think of it, maybe something I missed in it. Uh, it, maybe something I missed in it. Uh, it, maybe something I missed in it. Uh, hit that subscribe button if you haven't hit that subscribe button if you haven't hit that subscribe button if you haven't yet subscribed. Thank you for all the yet subscribed. Thank you for all the yet subscribed. Thank you for all the subscribers. I really appreciate it. I'd subscribers. I really appreciate it. I'd subscribers. I really appreciate it. I'd love to boost up the number of love to boost up the number of love to boost up the number of subscribers I have cuz it helps with the subscribers I have cuz it helps with the subscribers I have cuz it helps with the algorithm. And at bare minimum, it is algorithm. And at bare minimum, it is algorithm. And at bare minimum, it is free to hit that like button. If you free to hit that like button. If you free to hit that like button. If you could hit that like button, I really could hit that like button, I really could hit that like button, I really genuinely would appreciate it. Again, it genuinely would appreciate it. Again, it genuinely would appreciate it. Again, it just helps the channel. I know we all just helps the channel. I know we all just helps the channel. I know we all say that on YouTube. But we really do say that on YouTube. But we really do say that on YouTube. But we really do appreciate it. I know I do. All right. appreciate it. I know I do. All right. appreciate it. I know I do. All right. Thank you so much for being here. I'm Thank you so much for being here. I'm Thank you so much for being here. I'm Fiddlin Johnny and remember to keep Fiddlin Johnny and remember to keep Fiddlin Johnny and remember to keep fiddlin around with your magic. I'll see fiddlin around with your magic. I'll see fiddlin around with your magic. I'll see you all next time. Bye-bye. >> [music] >> Oh.