Look Lappu, son Paplu, tomorrow we will go on a picnic, bring Look Lappu, son Paplu, tomorrow we will go on a picnic, bring Look Lappu, son Paplu, tomorrow we will go on a picnic, bring ₹100, okay, okay, ₹100, okay, okay, what happened friend, what happened friend, what happened friend, my mother will not give me ₹100, my mother will not give me ₹100, my mother will not give me ₹100, friend, this is your usual drama, you bring 90, 90, friend, this is your usual drama, you bring 90, 90, friend, this is your usual drama, you bring 90, 90, yes 90, now if you are not able to bring even this much then all yes 90, now if you are not able to bring even this much then all yes 90, now if you are not able to bring even this much then all three of us will go, now if you are not three of us will go, now if you are not three of us will go, now if you are not able to bring even this much then all three of us will go, don't follow able to bring even this much then all three of us will go, don't follow able to bring even this much then all three of us will go, don't follow me, don't drive me crazy, me, don't drive me crazy, me, don't drive me crazy, hey mom, give it to me, it is just a matter of ₹100, hey mom, give it to me, it is just a matter of ₹100, hey mom, give it to me, it is just a matter of ₹100, in our times, two pairs of clothes could be bought for ₹100.  They must be in our times, two pairs of clothes could be bought for ₹100.  They must be in our times, two pairs of clothes could be bought for ₹100.  They must be coming mom, now only coming mom, now only coming mom, now only 40 chocolates come.  You want to eat 40 chocolates. 40 chocolates come.  You want to eat 40 chocolates. 40 chocolates come.  You want to eat 40 chocolates. Come, I will get it from the shop next door. Come, I will get it from the shop next door. Oh no, mom, please give me the money.  Look, Oh no, mom, please give me the money.  Look, Oh no, mom, please give me the money.  Look, I will not give you the money.  Go and ask your father. I will not give you the money.  Go and ask your father. I will not give you the money.  Go and ask your father. Dad to mom, Dad to mom, Dad to mom, dad will not give. dad will not give. dad will not give. You know that. You know that. You know that. Why is this calculator not working? Yes, Yes, Yes, what happened? what happened? what happened? Nothing, dad. Nothing, dad. Nothing, dad. Tell me quickly, don't bother me. Tell me quickly, don't bother me. Tell me quickly, don't bother me. Papa, I needed those ₹100. Papa, I needed those ₹100. Papa, I needed those ₹100. No, no, it is not necessary like that.  Don't give meaning. No, no, it is not necessary like that.  Don't give meaning. Not 100.  If you want 50 then tell me.   Are Not 100.  If you want 50 then tell me.   Are Not 100.  If you want 50 then tell me.   Are ?  If you want 50 then tell me.   If it's ?  If you want 50 then tell me.   If it's ?  If you want 50 then tell me.   If it's not done, let it be. not done, let it be. not done, let it be. Yes, now you will not be able to bring even this much, all three of us will leave. Yes, now you will not be able to bring even this much, all three of us will leave. Okay listen, Okay listen, Okay listen, yes dad.  I have a torn ₹100 note.  If you want to yes dad.  I have a torn ₹100 note.  If you want to yes dad.  I have a torn ₹100 note.  If you want to drive, drive it. Yes, Chhotu, tell me Yes, Chhotu, tell me Yes, Chhotu, tell me brother, give me a 10 rupee Dairy Milk. brother, give me a 10 rupee Dairy Milk. brother, give me a 10 rupee Dairy Milk. Chhotu, give me a dairy milk. What more do you want? What more do you want? What more do you want? What else do you want, little one? What else do you want, little one? What else do you want, little one?