Today again there is a wedding on our set of Tafu Today again there is a wedding on our set of Tafu Today again there is a wedding on our set of Tafu Bhai, so the wedding preparations are going on, it felt Bhai, so the wedding preparations are going on, it felt Bhai, so the wedding preparations are going on, it felt great, you have dressed up completely brother, it great, you have dressed up completely brother, it great, you have dressed up completely brother, it is right to wear the dressing clothes and is right to wear the dressing clothes and is right to wear the dressing clothes and see, this is Manje, Sanchak, you can say whatever you want, see, this is Manje, Sanchak, you can say whatever you want, see, this is Manje, Sanchak, you can say whatever you want, you have worn a yellow dress and I am also showing you Nausha, it is you have worn a yellow dress and I am also showing you Nausha, it is nothing, it is not a wedding, that Sanchak nothing, it is not a wedding, that Sanchak nothing, it is not a wedding, that Sanchak Manje says something, that is a scene, what is Manje says something, that is a scene, what is Manje says something, that is a scene, what is Khada Manja called, I did Khada Manja called, I did Khada Manja called, I did not understand, what does Manja do while standing, not understand, what does Manja do while standing, not understand, what does Manja do while standing, I also do not know brother, if I had known about that wedding also, then I also do not know brother, if I had known about that wedding also, then how would it have been if he had said Khada Khada Manja, he said Khadke how would it have been if he had said Khada Khada Manja, he said Khadke how would it have been if he had said Khada Khada Manja, he said Khadke Khadke sitting, that is secondary, but we should have done the whole one Khadke sitting, that is secondary, but we should have done the whole one because earlier we used to do five to six Manjas, a because earlier we used to do five to six Manjas, a because earlier we used to do five to six Manjas, a day before the wedding, or after seeing a gap of one day, we did only day before the wedding, or after seeing a gap of one day, we did only day before the wedding, or after seeing a gap of one day, we did only one Manja, one Manja, one Manja, Azam, how many Manjas did you have, oh there is nothing to Azam, how many Manjas did you have, oh there is nothing to Azam, how many Manjas did you have, oh there is nothing to say, that is not Khada Manja, say, that is not Khada Manja, say, that is not Khada Manja, that Khada Manja is Aara Sanchak, that that Khada Manja is Aara Sanchak, that that Khada Manja is Aara Sanchak, that Assalamu Alaikum brother, it has been 40 years since my marriage, so Assalamu Alaikum brother, it has been 40 years since my marriage, so what is there to say for me, Khada Manje is that what is there to say for me, Khada Manje is that what is there to say for me, Khada Manje is that which is done all at one time.  He should become skilled and which is done all at one time.  He should become skilled and which is done all at one time.  He should become skilled and also a communicator.  But mine was not like that.  I was also a communicator.  But mine was not like that.  I was sitting on four floors for four days.  Then I became a Sanchak.   I have had sitting on four floors for four days.  Then I became a Sanchak.   I have had sitting on four floors for four days.  Then I became a Sanchak.   I have had two marriages.  Tuffu Bhai is also getting his two marriages.  Tuffu Bhai is also getting his two marriages.  Tuffu Bhai is also getting his second child.  So who all are saying that second child.  So who all are saying that second child.  So who all are saying that our Anwar Bhai should also get married for the second time our Anwar Bhai should also get married for the second time our Anwar Bhai should also get married for the second time ?  Please comment. ?  Please comment. ?  Please comment. Brother, kind brother, Brother, kind brother, Brother, kind brother, where are you falling madam? where are you falling madam? where are you falling madam? Where are you falling?  Where are you falling? Where are you falling?  Where are you falling? Where are you falling?  Where are you falling? Chinese understood.   If you Chinese understood.   If you Chinese understood.   If you want, Mangesh has tea.  Imran Bhai is our want, Mangesh has tea.  Imran Bhai is our want, Mangesh has tea.  Imran Bhai is our special guest today playing the character of uncle. special guest today playing the character of uncle. special guest today playing the character of uncle. So look brother, the character, the title, the So look brother, the character, the title, the So look brother, the character, the title, the story has reached this stage that story has reached this stage that story has reached this stage that Tafu Bhai and Ahmed Bhai are getting married again, Tafu Bhai and Ahmed Bhai are getting married again, Tafu Bhai and Ahmed Bhai are getting married again, before the marriage, it is the Takreeb ritual or the Haldi before the marriage, it is the Takreeb ritual or the Haldi before the marriage, it is the Takreeb ritual or the Haldi ritual is being performed, everyone is seen wearing yellow ritual is being performed, everyone is seen wearing yellow ritual is being performed, everyone is seen wearing yellow clothes, it looks like Ama, the clothes, it looks like Ama, the clothes, it looks like Ama, the school bus is looking yellow, but the flies and school bus is looking yellow, but the flies and school bus is looking yellow, but the flies and mosquitoes are looking wet, mosquitoes are looking wet, mosquitoes are looking wet, everyone is wearing yellow clothes, everyone is wearing yellow clothes, everyone is wearing yellow clothes, what is happening with that yellow, where do the flies come, where do the mosquitoes what is happening with that yellow, where do the flies come, where do the mosquitoes what is happening with that yellow, where do the flies come, where do the mosquitoes come, it feels like that, I am come, it feels like that, I am come, it feels like that, I am also yellow but mine is of natural turmeric. also yellow but mine is of natural turmeric. also yellow but mine is of natural turmeric. These clothes were new.  I had a white kurta.  There These clothes were new.  I had a white kurta.  There These clothes were new.  I had a white kurta.  There was an urgent need for a kurta.  So was an urgent need for a kurta.  So was an urgent need for a kurta.  So I applied turmeric and I applied turmeric and I applied turmeric and wore a yellow kurta naturally. wore a yellow kurta naturally. wore a yellow kurta naturally. Assalam Walekum brother.  What do you want to say Assalam Walekum brother.  What do you want to say Assalam Walekum brother.  What do you want to say today? today? today? Today I just had tea brother.  I didn't Today I just had tea brother.  I didn't Today I just had tea brother.  I didn't see anything anymore.  If I saw anything, I would tell you. see anything anymore.  If I saw anything, I would tell you. see anything anymore.  If I saw anything, I would tell you. Hey, preparations are going on for Tafeem Bhai's second marriage. Hey, preparations are going on for Tafeem Bhai's second marriage. Salim Bhai, Salim Bhai, Salim Bhai, looking at the same kurta, it seems that looking at the same kurta, it seems that looking at the same kurta, it seems that he is getting married for the second time.  But what he is getting married for the second time.  But what he is getting married for the second time.  But what happens now?  What will come?  Biryanis, Taharis, happens now?  What will come?  Biryanis, Taharis, happens now?  What will come?  Biryanis, Taharis, Shami Parathas, I used to Shami Parathas, I used to Shami Parathas, I used to order Biryani from the hotel after asking each and every person There is still a shop on the shooting order Biryani from the hotel after asking each and every person There is still a shop on the shooting order Biryani from the hotel after asking each and every person There is still a shop on the shooting set set Yes, in the afternoon we used to order Chirandiya, these snacks etc. Yes, in the afternoon we used to order Chirandiya, these snacks etc. Grocery shops are Grocery shops are Grocery shops are closed, so I told many people from the shoot that I am closed, so I told many people from the shoot that I am closed, so I told many people from the shoot that I am on dieting Biryani is not outside food, it is the on dieting Biryani is not outside food, it is the on dieting Biryani is not outside food, it is the best Dal Chawal, Talawa Meat, Khatta Dal, if you make it like this then make it, otherwise best Dal Chawal, Talawa Meat, Khatta Dal, if you make it like this then make it, otherwise best Dal Chawal, Talawa Meat, Khatta Dal, if you make it like this then make it, otherwise bring it from outside, bring it from outside, bring it from outside, do it directly with a broom Move aside brother, it was a lot of fun meeting you, pay brother, it was a lot of fun meeting you, pay brother, it was a lot of fun meeting you, pay ₹800 for the shooting and get a shirt worth ₹400 ₹800 for the shooting and get a shirt worth ₹400 ₹800 for the shooting and get a shirt worth ₹400 What's the matter What's the matter What's the matter brother, it's brother, it's brother, it's awesome, awesome, awesome, now I will get you married again What is there in it, if now I will get you married again What is there in it, if now I will get you married again What is there in it, if you keep it then you are yours You were saying that gold is a you keep it then you are yours You were saying that gold is a you keep it then you are yours You were saying that gold is a thing, once mother has taken it, thing, once mother has taken it, yes yes it would have been like that, it is yes yes it would have been like that, it is yes yes it would have been like that, it is yours too I am learning a lesson by seeing you yours too I am learning a lesson by seeing you yours too I am learning a lesson by seeing you I am not starting here, you are going I am not starting here, you are going I am not starting here, you are going as we were going, not there Bhabhi, I was about to go, as we were going, not there Bhabhi, I was about to go, as we were going, not there Bhabhi, I was about to go, what happened brother, what is the shoot, what happened brother, what is the shoot, what happened brother, what is the shoot, what is the what is the what is the shoot, come here shoot, come here shoot, come here Fu, I was completely disappointed with life, so that's why on the Fu, I was completely disappointed with life, so that's why on the Fu, I was completely disappointed with life, so that's why on the shoot, only the shoot is less  There is shoot, only the shoot is less  There is shoot, only the shoot is less  There is more of pederasty here, how is it, we have more of pederasty here, how is it, we have more of pederasty here, how is it, we have more more more men who are afraid of women, women are men who are afraid of women, women are men who are afraid of women, women are afraid of men, they come here and enjoy, they explain and tell us to live well, live well, live well, live our life with a wife, we our life with a wife, we raise issues on almost everything here.  Pappu, not a single statement is being made here, raise issues on almost everything here.  Pappu, not a single statement is being made here, raise issues on almost everything here.  Pappu, not a single statement is being made here, so so so brother, I have a question for the public, brother, I have a question for the public, brother, I have a question for the public, tag the number of the person who gave the girl to Tafeem Bhai, tag the number of the person who gave the girl to Tafeem Bhai, tag the number of the person who gave the girl to Tafeem Bhai, in this they just in this they just in this they just gave the girl, no one did not gave the girl, no one did not gave the girl, no one did not give it, when oh give it, when oh give it, when oh this has happened, what is this, there is not this has happened, what is this, there is not one in my blog, one in my blog, one in my blog, this wrong wrong wrong, this wrong wrong wrong, this wrong wrong wrong, finished, finished, no, no, finished, finished, no, no, finished, finished, no, no, this decision will be taken by the audience, this decision will be taken by the audience, this decision will be taken by the audience, comment and say, comment and say, comment and say, whoever is giving the girl to Tafeem Bhai, if they are letting them come, then whoever is giving the girl to Tafeem Bhai, if they are letting them come, then whoever is giving the girl to Tafeem Bhai, if they are letting them come, then comment below and say, comment below and say, comment below and say, this is very good, this has to be posted, this this is very good, this has to be posted, this this is very good, this has to be posted, this [laughs] has to be posted, this has to be posted, this would not have happened, there was a [laughs] has to be posted, this has to be posted, this would not have happened, there was a [laughs] has to be posted, this has to be posted, this would not have happened, there was a scene, scene, scene, that too would have had to be cut, that too would have had to be cut, that too would have had to be cut, two would have had to be cut, I two would have had to be cut, I two would have had to be cut, I want to say something, Anwar Bhai, you want to say something, Anwar Bhai, you want to say something, Anwar Bhai, you see, brother, being scared even at home is a different kind of fun, being see, brother, being scared even at home is a different kind of fun, being see, brother, being scared even at home is a different kind of fun, being scared of your wife is a different kind of fun, scared of your wife is a different kind of fun, scared of your wife is a different kind of fun, please don't be scared, if your wife calls, I am scared, I am saying, I am not scared, no, please don't be scared, if your wife calls, I am scared, I am saying, I am not scared, no, please don't be scared, if your wife calls, I am scared, I am saying, I am not scared, no, Bond said, I am not scared, Bond said, I am not scared, Bond said, I am not scared, now what would have been their condition, if they had gone to the house, they would have now what would have been their condition, if they had gone to the house, they would have now what would have been their condition, if they had gone to the house, they would have known about the known about the known about the wife, wife, wife, yes, absolutely, now I have come to the block, I am scared of my yes, absolutely, now I have come to the block, I am scared of my yes, absolutely, now I have come to the block, I am scared of my wife  I am not scared of my family, I am wife  I am not scared of my family, I am wife  I am not scared of my family, I am not scared of my wife, he said, now after he has gone, not scared of my wife, he said, now after he has gone, not scared of my wife, he said, now after he has gone, hide in the house, look hide in the house, look hide in the house, look what is happening Bhabhi, Salman Bhai is looking all mousy today, are what is happening Bhabhi, Salman Bhai is looking all mousy today, are what is happening Bhabhi, Salman Bhai is looking all mousy today, are you angry, it is you angry, it is you angry, it is just a happy time, if I am with you people I am just a happy time, if I am with you people I am just a happy time, if I am with you people I am always happy, we always happy, we can see stay happy, our Tahir Bhai is working very hard, brother, can see stay happy, our Tahir Bhai is working very hard, brother, can see stay happy, our Tahir Bhai is working very hard, brother, what happened on the set, brother, Salman Bhai has gone, what happened on the set, brother, Salman Bhai has gone, Salman Bhai, Salman Bhai, Salman Bhai, how does such noise sound, if you saw the police, you would have left, how does such noise sound, if you saw the police, you would have left, how does such noise sound, if you saw the police, you would have left, he must have got a call from home, he must have got a call from home, he must have got a call from home, yes death yes death yes death Alhamdulillah, it was a great drink brother, Salman Bhai, he ate it, Alhamdulillah, it was a great drink brother, Salman Bhai, he ate it, Alhamdulillah, it was a great drink brother, Salman Bhai, he ate it, Salman Bhai is our player, he made us Salman Bhai is our player, he made us Salman Bhai is our player, he made us drink tea, now Tahir Bhai, I don't know who is going to sing, drink tea, now Tahir Bhai, I don't know who is going to sing, our shooting set became like this, earlier our shooting set became like this, earlier our shooting set became like this, earlier in childhood we used to listen to stories, I gave Chunnu a little, I gave in childhood we used to listen to stories, I gave Chunnu a little, I gave in childhood we used to listen to stories, I gave Chunnu a little, I gave Munnu a little, when my stomach was full, then it became like this Munnu a little, when my stomach was full, then it became like this