Imagine if uncle and aunty are not at home.
Mummy surprise.
HAPPY [screaming]
Uncle.
Happy to you. [laughter]
Long live the birthday. Keep living. Thank you.
Friend, you gave me a surprise.
Hey, it was Papa's birthday, how could you leave it like this
?
I might die [music] because of your laughter.
Yours,
good morning. How are you all? Now you can
see how tense I am. It is
6:00 in the morning. As soon as we
got up, Malan Sahib immediately saw a big rat
in our room. This rat was
in our room earlier. I came out of the room and straight
into the drawing room. Now I am so stressed
that for three years we have never had a rat in our house. There was so much
relief, there was so much relief. Now ever since I
saw the rat, I am getting tensed. At
6:00 in the morning I am
making bread for the rat. That too made of desi ghee so that the
brother gets trapped quickly with the smell of desi ghee. I got worried. You see,
I have messed up the entire drawing room so
that the rat can be seen. But I can't
see it anywhere. Don't know where he went. I
mean, the worrying thing is that this is a completely open
area. If he goes down the stairs to the
basement then it will be a very bad
situation. Where will we find him? It was a very
fat rat. Now I have
ordered that rat feed from Blinkit and also made roti.
But where should I put it? He will not get caught.
I am feeling tensed since morning. Now I know
today is Malan Saheb's birthday. I
thought so much last night that I will do this, I will do that, I will do that.
Ever since I woke up, the rat has been on my mind.
How do I catch it? Look, it has come, I have
ordered such a big rat trap. My hands are
trembling. I removed the curtain there too,
he was behind the curtain and got stuck here.
Now let me tell you the truth,
I have not used a rat trap for so many years. It's been 3 years,
touch wood, no rat has ever come here.
Today when I saw it, I was stunned.
But I don't even know how to apply it. To
tell you the truth. There were rats in that house, so she used to
kill them. But there was never any
need here. It doesn't even seem to be working for me. I do
n't understand how to apply it.
After struggling to catch the rat, we have
reached the waiting room. Everyone tell sir.
Happy birthday sir. Thank
you. Thank you.
Happy Birthday. Look at this. Here is God
's blessing. This is
for our Kanha ji.
Kanha ji has given it for you.
For Kanha ji.
God has said Happy Birthday to you.
This is from our side Kanha ji.
So it means sir's birthday is today. So today we
make a cake for them. There are
no children. Then I don't know what I will do today. There
were a lot of plans but when I told you this in the morning, my
entire mood got spoiled. So let's
make the cake first. I am going to
make the cake without eggs, without flour,
without sugar and without cream. Meaning,
not everyone likes cream cake. So we
will make a cake without cream. So let's make
it. Our eggless cake is ready.
Without egg, without flour, without sugar. The cake
is ready.
Meanwile. Hello guys, so today is 10th August and
we had come to Rajasthan to shoot a video.
But it's Papa's birthday and
he thinks we're coming back on the 12th.
But we're at 4:30 in the morning right now
if you guys can
see the time. We are going to be here at 4:30 after
wrapping up the shoot etc.
Get home and this is going to be a surprise for mom and dad.
This birthday party must be making
them think that we will sleep now.
He doesn't call until 3:00.
By then we will
reach every home. So let's see if there are any surprises or
not.
I feel like all of us owls have
come together on the same team. Because we
leave at night wherever we have to go. I
know the best time to go out is at night.
Zero traffic.
Agreed. The entire road is empty. The car is running great.
We are unable to sleep.
Walking while humming. I am
singing loudly and I am also feeling hungry. La la
la [song voice] la la la la la
Recent Update Guys driver change
let's go
oh ji back to the basics
heavy driver AB
back to the basics
actually Harshit ji ko thodi thodi pata lag gayi thi
so now Nishara is driving by the way
this is a manual car yes
guys I am driving a manual car
after five years but you know once you are loving it always is it just took
me like 1 minute
you will get some sleep then give it to me then I do
n't want it [laughs] I do
n't want extra large.
If we are all owls then I am the owl among owls.
I'm the king of the owls.
Yes, I am just that. I can't sleep
brother.
Now if Nisha falls asleep then
Harshit will start driving again.
Sing By The Way Another Day Another Morning. Now I have
realised one thing. That we are not outs.
We are morning people because we
sleep only after seeing the morning sun.
What's the matter,
what's the matter. It's a matter, it's a matter. Let's
play a song on this topic.
Thanks. Hey [laughs] there was a
lot of motivation, brother.
Thanks. No no, don't wake up brother. You are a
good person. You should sleep at the right time and
wake up at the right time. There is some problem within us.
No, there is something wrong with us. That's
correct. That's correct. That's
correct. Have been awake the
whole night. I have just
taken the first stop. It's 7:30 something. There's nothing.
We are stopping at the third place.
And there is no food here either because we have come
so early in the morning. I am very hungry.
Everyone is hangry. We are also just
angry. And how is Harshad feeling? Had
fun. Now we will have a nice cup of coffee
and then we will go straight to Gurgaon.
Or
what happened? She was
asking how are you feeling? Got something to eat
brother, we are staying at the third place. I
swear brother, everywhere is closed, wherever you are going, you are
closed there.
All these friends say early morning early
morning. Now look, it's 8:00. We are
up. All this is closed.
Tell me, I should get up in the morning. Why should one get up?
Brother, when everything is closed, everything opens only at night, so
that's why we wake up late. We
ordered whatever we could find and now
we are just satisfying our hunger. It
is important, very important.
Look at him, he is
absolutely a zombie. She has become
completely like a zombie. I have
n't slept. I slept for a long time and forgot everything.
Great brother.
Hey you are samosas. He is also very good. After having
food and drinks, we left again. It's
showing 3 hours and the weather looks
like it's going to rain. it is warm and sunny. The
weather is pleasant
and Harshit has once again taken over the command of the car. I have taken it. The
driver switched again. Now we will meet directly at home.
Two hours later
arrived.
Think that uncle and aunty might fall.
Mummy has a surprise.
Happy birthday.
Happy Uncle Ji
Happy
[laughs] May you live long, may you live long,
thank you, I was just
telling you that I feel that he has
either left or is about to leave
from there [laughs]
Hello Happy Birthday to your husband,
this is a surprise,
oh mom, sit down Happy Birthday to
your husband [laughs] Your
father-in-law,
Happy Birthday to you, friend,
you have given me a surprise.
Hey, it was Papa's birthday, how could you leave it like this
?
I am telling you. When I told you that the bill for the coffee was
345, I said,
it means it has definitely been settled. He must have been
drinking coffee somewhere on the way and was feeling sleepy.
So you said that the bill was settled, so I
calculated it. I said it took 7 hours at 10:00 and I would
come by 5:30.
Oh no, it's
4 o'clock at night.
Hey, really, when I looked at it, the bill just came for Rs
13,000. So I said it
probably means they have come out now. But I had this doubt that after
drinking coffee he had left from here also.
I have given complete details in the vlog.
Where is the coming vogue coming from? On Good Insaan
Channel. I
know Papa's call is coming. I am holding it in my hand and I am
getting a call from Papa. What should I do? If I
pick it up, you will know. [laughter]
I said if I reach there in an hour then I will
give you a surprise. If you pick up the call directly,
they will understand in the car. So don't get up, don't get up.
I was calculating that [laughs] we will
reach at this time. It is not a big thing. I
just made the payment for the hotel building there, so
I thought we would reach there only by evening.
Brother, when we left from there at 4:00, no
one was awake even in the hotel.
I said yes and said, I will like you, please make the bill in the morning.
We will do UPI in the morning. Now
everything is done online, so he said, okay,
you go and pay the bill on the way.
Papa told me that a rat had entered the house.
Hi brother, I am very worried. A rat and that too so much.
Hey, leave the rat alone, friend.
And it is right where you sit. Hey,
forget the mouse, today Mr. Elephant himself,
elephant giant, huge, he is massive, like not by, I am
saying his status is like a lion,
elephant has status in the jungle, even the lion is
afraid, he is ours, it is his birthday,
happy birthday baba,
thank you
for your birthday, I said, I said
no, if we sleep here now, we will be
very late by the time we reach home, brother, it is
father's birthday, so let's reach early. I had assumed
that Nanu would definitely come
but I had
not expected how early he would come,
I had also thought that I would reach home by 10 o'clock
but when that message came to pay the hotel bill,
I said no, it means
pay him in the morning,
when we wished Papa at night, do you
know what Papa said to us specially, now
you should not do this, finish the shoot and
leave at night [laughs]
and we will not do this, we will not do this, we will go to sleep
what [laughs] the thing is, you are not going to do this at all,
we got lured by Papa's birthday party. Otherwise Papa doesn't leave the house early.
Yes, that's right. Today we will
go out for a party. Yes, we will go out from
today.
Bhe I am ready. I am always ready.
Vai nice. Look,
brother, I have brought a technique to catch rats. They are saying that
we can also trap you. Let's see brother. I have been
worried since morning. I actually even
put the medicine in. A cage was also installed. The rat is just
not coming out from here. I couldn't understand it.
It is possible that when we went for a walk, it might have
entered somewhere. Don't know. But let's see
what brother says to this?
Trap
Glue Traps. Let's try a
glue trap. Come on, something will happen.
Mr. Ruchika came early in the morning and
gave me a surprise. I had just
come out of the bath. We are just going to the temple. So we bow down to
God only.
One means everyone's birthday. Sawan from above. It is the
Monday of Sawan that I have to
take blessings from God.
Om Namah Shivay.
Har Har Mahadev Shambhu, there are a total of 12
Shivlingas built here. Came back from the temple.
I thought we would cut the cake after coming back from the temple.
But now Ruchika and Nishchay have also come. I have just
told him that brother, you should take some rest
because you have been awake the whole night. So right now
he is resting. When we
wake up we will cut the cake. Let's wait for him now. The
children have come from
so far away after staying awake the whole night to celebrate a special birthday. Now we will
cut the cake with them.
A Few Moments Later.
Both of them have woken up after sleeping and are now
going to buy a gift for father. I am going to
get a surprise gift. Plane
Papa knows we're going. [laughter]
They're saying, oh no, there's
no need for formalities. I don't want any gift.
We said we are not going to
get the gift. We're going to go for a walk [laughs]. I have just returned from a trip. The
weather is great. It is still raining. It was
very sunny when we came. The
weather is nice. Right now there
is one advantage of shifting to Gurgaon. There are three-four malls
right in front of the house. So we do
n't have to go very far. Every time we
go into the past and bring gifts. So I am going now
for Papa. We will
take shoes because Dad wanted his running shoes.
Papa had
told me something casual like this a long time ago, so I remembered it. So I will
buy shoes now.
We are deciding which one to take?
This one is the one we liked. Its size itself
is not available. So right now we are looking at the second one. And we are
deciding here also. So I'll
get one running shoe and one of these
lifestyle [music] shoes. We
like this one. This is also looking good.
This too. It's not it looks good.
Brother is trying it on. She looks smart.
Papa likes it. If
you like it, Papa will definitely like it.
That's why I have brought you here. We are currently
billing the shoes. Came in Miniso.
We took more gifts from here. And now we will go
home. There's just been a glitch. We
went to that Essex showroom so I
left my car keys there. So definitely
he has just gone to get it. Look, when I am determined,
I don't use my brain
cells. I have two brain cells and they also
go into rest mode. So that's not me, that's
him justifying my brain cells
behavior. I am honestly saying this, when
you are with your husband, some how
your brain goes into shutdown mode.
And it just stops working. And this happens to me all the time.
I am very
conscious about everything. But when I am
with Nischay, I become so
careless that he
is there anyway, he will take care of everything, poor guy, should I hold it? No, no, if it
feels good then
take it, we go
shopping with so much difficulty, one
day pick up the bag for two minutes, come on friend, give me not just one,
then hold all of them, no, no, no, one, all of them, then what is the harm
in holding this bag so lightly, if I have to take then take
all of them, how much is it in one bag, okay, we have
taken all the gifts, we will go home and
now we are going for dinner also. Polu ji has
already done all the bookings etc. So let's
go. Now I will have to go home and get ready quickly.
We have come home.
Happy Birthday.
Happy birthday to you. He wo
n't agree, child.
This is from all the children.
Happy
to you. Just
look at it.
So many t-shirts were still so far behind here.
Who will buy that T-shirt from us? So who will wear it? I
know these are shoes.
Happy birthday
to you. Thank
you. Thank you. Did you
like it?
Oh, that's great. There is light also. Good. very
good. Thank you. I did
not bring a T-shirt for you. I have
brought the jersey.
Hey athlete.
To the park in the morning?
Athlete.
You love wearing those jersey t-shirts, right?
Proud to be Indian. Let's
go. That's
correct. The morning park will be accounted for.
And there is another gift for you. [laughter]
What is this, brother?
Penguin playing cricket. He
plays cricket
and he is wearing a cap because you also
wear a cap.
Okay, thank you sir. Thank you.
Thank you very much. You all are crocodiles.
How did the shoes look? The
shoes are great.
Whose choice are they?
Happy Birthday.
Thank you brother. Thank you. Thank you.
Happy birthday papa.
God bless you. Keep giving like this. It is a gift to
me.
Ok.
Later that same evening. It is
evening now. Look, I am ready.
I am always ready anyway. Everyone says there
is a sale of Ever Ready. She is ready whenever I see her. It's too
late to say it once. I had to
go to the temple in the morning so I had to wear a red suit. Now I have to go to the
party. I am wearing a black suit.
Well, I haven't eaten anything. I am
fasting. Still I am ready first.
And look, the person whose birthday it is here is
always on the phone. And just like this, I am hanging around and
waiting for him. What else should I do brother?
Whose? Of
Nishchay and Ruchika. The
cake is waiting for you there.
He has come first.
Yes. So the birthday boy should come first.
Everything else comes later. The birthday boy should be
first.
Look, I am wearing a black suit. Are you
watching again? Then who is the copy cat? He
always says this to me. I was ready earlier.
My cake is also ready. Should I show you? I had
made the cake. Look at this. This is an oat cake.
Absolutely healthy. Oats with almonds.
Look at it. How much I care for my
husband. This cake is also ready. We are all ready.
Whose butt is getting wet? Only only only
Nishchay Malhan and Ruchika and you know
last time when we went for dinner the full
family Nishchay was not there, right, I
missed Nishchay, today we are going again so today we are
missing Abhishek, when he had gone
he had said that I will come back on 10th, it is
Papa's birthday so I will come back at any cost
but when he went there doing on
field work, he saw
that the situation was worse than worst.
So right now I don't know, I don't know the name of the
place he has gone to. So even there I was saying
that so many families need me. There is
still on-field work to be done there, so
he did not come back today. No problem, he is
also doing good work. Isn't it?
We will have dinner together some other time. But the thing is
that the entire family cannot get together at one time. Dont know
why.
Happy [singing voice]
to me. Happy
to me.
Vogue starts and Papa's phone rings.
Inspiration.
I made this home made cake.
Not this one, that one. This cream cake.
You eat this. I will eat this. It will become like this. It took
a year. Just enough time
to light 10 small candles.
To me. Tell me whose cake is this
Yes, I'll tell you by smelling it It's a
carrot cake Carrot
cake I do
n't know something like that
Come right now it's birthday Aunty Aish is singing a song Come
happy birthday one who has come
One who has come He has brought a cake for you
Happy birthday to you Come sit down You will cut the
cake
You were cutting the cake without me I have been waiting since morning to
cut your cake One more
cake of yours
Oh thank you Open it now open it take it out
Kanha ji you also cut it Keshav put your hand on it
Birthday gift come on
what are you trying to show off Come on
cut the cake it's all melted Oh come on
blow on
this small one Blow on this
cut the cake later
Happy birthday happy you Happy cut it cut it
then cut it
Happy
to [song voice] you Happy to
[song voice] to you Happy to me
Kanha ji
Papa look here one you had the blue one empty
Maybe
you should call Nanu first And who will call Nanu
Happy Birthday to you It's
good It's
good
brother taste it and this is a
very healthy cake which you eat healthy. Thank you, I
eat unhealthy food also.
Happy Birthday
Thank You This is also a good healthy cake.
I will also tell my brother that I will eat it.
My favourite Happy Birthday to Button
Now you tell me your work is done
from where it is done
How is it brother tell me
very tasty
good
yes
Happy Birthday Papa [laughs]
What about Abbu
Abbu should not be missed Papa no I don't
like it sometimes even a little
Abhishek came yesterday
Abbu deserves one friend
this is not Abbu's share Papa Papa Happy
Birthday. Thank
you. I thought he was feeding me.
You feed me a lot. Yes, take him inside.
I will also feed you. It's not
my birthday. It belongs to the
one who gave birth to you [laughs]. I
know how much you fed me. It was
your birthday.
Happy birthday Papa ji.
Kanha ji's
happy birthday papa ji. Happy Birthday in
advance. Mr. Kanha.
What don't you want to eat? Not anymore. The
food was bread.
I did not want to eat any food. I want to eat
cake, I want to eat
cake, whoever wants to
eat cake, no, it is not
cake,
friends, today a new achievement has been unlocked,
Mummy has invented a new way out of the 100 billion ways to hurt herself, her
finger got stuck in the tripod stand of the phone,
she is 55 years old, by the way, that usher is
sitting in that car,
how can someone get hurt by getting his finger stuck in the tripod stand of the phone, how does it
look like this
Mummy brother,
Mummy's whole tears came out, I don't have such a small
finger, and tell me
why were you putting your finger in the tripod?
I was just taking out my F.
F
Never mind, never mind. Everyone is
leaving for dinner now. The cake cutting is done.
Chat and House Guys.
Here you go sir.
Mom had recorded you so well while
eating Golgappa. Miss Ho [laughs] There
he is.
I am mom, will
you do it to me now?
I stopped.
How will you eat? You are not breaking down.
I'll just eat yogurt.
Yogurt speaks.
Come on, turn off the camera. I will eat after myself.
Okay.
What is this?
Mushroom Galoji.
I had made rajma with mushrooms. Rajma
Galauti.
This brother specially said that you should eat this.
You will like it. You try it.
How is the Karo test? Tell.
Mom has got your drink. Here you go.
Galaxy Mocktail. It's fun. It's
pineapple. It's
pineapple. But how is it red? How did pineapple turn red
? There
is cranberry.
Yes, I ordered it myself and forgot it myself.
Oh, what a thing. Cranberry, pineapple,
strawberry
all in the family man. I have
reached.
Now up here on top of the AC.
Abu Mama is above the AC.
Horns started blowing while mom was recording the video. What is that new thing?
Mummy, the bell also rings. F
F also sounds. Horns also sound. No
one should keep ringing. Play it.
We have eaten food. Now everyone is saying bye-bye. The
decision to eat food on notes is good. The
food was good, I
enjoyed it a lot.
Enjoyed very much. Bye bye.
Bye Guys. Good night. Take care.
I also have a by-election.
Bye-bye.
You guys please come along.
You are with us.
I said maybe I'm
taking you along too, bye. How are you feeling
?
Visibility 200% [laughs]
So you can see it?
Oh absolutely clear.
How much is this?
Do the fingers. [laughter]
Got it? Thank you.
Happy birthday papa. Thank you for such a nice
party.
Thank you son. Thank you.
Good night. Love you. Happy Birthday. Thank
you. I
love you Papa ji. Good night.
Yes, good night. Good night. Good night. Give
us a party like this every year. Thank
you.
Ok. Bye-bye.
Bye-by good night. Bye bye good night
good night bye bye
good night oh we are going together
thanks for watching bye
thanks for watching [music]
oh my love
