Imagine if uncle and aunty are not at home. Imagine if uncle and aunty are not at home. Mummy surprise. HAPPY [screaming] Uncle. Uncle. Uncle. Happy to you.  [laughter] Happy to you.  [laughter] Happy to you.  [laughter] Long live the birthday.  Keep living.  Thank you. Long live the birthday.  Keep living.  Thank you. Long live the birthday.  Keep living.  Thank you. Friend, you gave me a surprise. Friend, you gave me a surprise. Friend, you gave me a surprise. Hey, it was Papa's birthday, how could you leave it like this Hey, it was Papa's birthday, how could you leave it like this Hey, it was Papa's birthday, how could you leave it like this ? ? ? I might die [music] because of your laughter. I might die [music] because of your laughter. I might die [music] because of your laughter. Yours, Yours, Yours, good morning.  How are you all?  Now you can good morning.  How are you all?  Now you can good morning.  How are you all?  Now you can see how tense I am.  It is see how tense I am.  It is see how tense I am.  It is 6:00 in the morning.  As soon as we 6:00 in the morning.  As soon as we 6:00 in the morning.  As soon as we got up, Malan Sahib immediately saw a big rat got up, Malan Sahib immediately saw a big rat got up, Malan Sahib immediately saw a big rat in our room.  This rat was in our room.  This rat was in our room.  This rat was in our room earlier.  I came out of the room and straight in our room earlier.  I came out of the room and straight in our room earlier.  I came out of the room and straight into the drawing room.  Now I am so stressed into the drawing room.  Now I am so stressed into the drawing room.  Now I am so stressed that for three years we have never had a rat in our house.  There was so much that for three years we have never had a rat in our house.  There was so much that for three years we have never had a rat in our house.  There was so much relief, there was so much relief.  Now ever since I relief, there was so much relief.  Now ever since I relief, there was so much relief.  Now ever since I saw the rat, I am getting tensed.  At saw the rat, I am getting tensed.  At saw the rat, I am getting tensed.  At 6:00 in the morning I am 6:00 in the morning I am 6:00 in the morning I am making bread for the rat.  That too made of desi ghee so that the making bread for the rat.  That too made of desi ghee so that the brother gets trapped quickly with the smell of desi ghee.  I got worried.  You see, brother gets trapped quickly with the smell of desi ghee.  I got worried.  You see, brother gets trapped quickly with the smell of desi ghee.  I got worried.  You see, I have messed up the entire drawing room so I have messed up the entire drawing room so I have messed up the entire drawing room so that the rat can be seen.  But I can't that the rat can be seen.  But I can't that the rat can be seen.  But I can't see it anywhere.  Don't know where he went.  I see it anywhere.  Don't know where he went.  I see it anywhere.  Don't know where he went.  I mean, the worrying thing is that this is a completely open mean, the worrying thing is that this is a completely open mean, the worrying thing is that this is a completely open area.  If he goes down the stairs to the area.  If he goes down the stairs to the area.  If he goes down the stairs to the basement then it will be a very bad basement then it will be a very bad basement then it will be a very bad situation.  Where will we find him?  It was a very situation.  Where will we find him?  It was a very situation.  Where will we find him?  It was a very fat rat.  Now I have fat rat.  Now I have fat rat.  Now I have ordered that rat feed from Blinkit and also made roti. ordered that rat feed from Blinkit and also made roti. ordered that rat feed from Blinkit and also made roti. But where should I put it?  He will not get caught. But where should I put it?  He will not get caught. But where should I put it?  He will not get caught. I am feeling tensed since morning.  Now I know I am feeling tensed since morning.  Now I know I am feeling tensed since morning.  Now I know today is Malan Saheb's birthday.  I today is Malan Saheb's birthday.  I today is Malan Saheb's birthday.  I thought so much last night that I will do this, I will do that, I will do that. thought so much last night that I will do this, I will do that, I will do that. thought so much last night that I will do this, I will do that, I will do that. Ever since I woke up, the rat has been on my mind. Ever since I woke up, the rat has been on my mind. Ever since I woke up, the rat has been on my mind. How do I catch it?  Look, it has come, I have How do I catch it?  Look, it has come, I have How do I catch it?  Look, it has come, I have ordered such a big rat trap.  My hands are ordered such a big rat trap.  My hands are ordered such a big rat trap.  My hands are trembling.  I removed the curtain there too, trembling.  I removed the curtain there too, trembling.  I removed the curtain there too, he was behind the curtain and got stuck here. he was behind the curtain and got stuck here. he was behind the curtain and got stuck here. Now let me tell you the truth, Now let me tell you the truth, Now let me tell you the truth, I have not used a rat trap for so many years.  It's been 3 years, I have not used a rat trap for so many years.  It's been 3 years, I have not used a rat trap for so many years.  It's been 3 years, touch wood, no rat has ever come here. touch wood, no rat has ever come here. touch wood, no rat has ever come here. Today when I saw it, I was stunned. Today when I saw it, I was stunned. Today when I saw it, I was stunned. But I don't even know how to apply it.  To But I don't even know how to apply it.  To But I don't even know how to apply it.  To tell you the truth.  There were rats in that house, so she used to tell you the truth.  There were rats in that house, so she used to tell you the truth.  There were rats in that house, so she used to kill them.  But there was never any kill them.  But there was never any kill them.  But there was never any need here.  It doesn't even seem to be working for me.  I do need here.  It doesn't even seem to be working for me.  I do need here.  It doesn't even seem to be working for me.  I do n't understand how to apply it. n't understand how to apply it. n't understand how to apply it. After struggling to catch the rat, we have After struggling to catch the rat, we have After struggling to catch the rat, we have reached the waiting room.  Everyone tell sir. reached the waiting room.  Everyone tell sir. reached the waiting room.  Everyone tell sir. Happy birthday sir.   Thank Happy birthday sir.   Thank Happy birthday sir.   Thank you.  Thank you. you.  Thank you. you.  Thank you. Happy Birthday.  Look at this.  Here is God Happy Birthday.  Look at this.  Here is God Happy Birthday.  Look at this.  Here is God 's blessing.   This is 's blessing.   This is 's blessing.   This is for our Kanha ji. for our Kanha ji. for our Kanha ji. Kanha ji has given it for you. Kanha ji has given it for you. Kanha ji has given it for you. For Kanha ji. For Kanha ji. For Kanha ji. God has said Happy Birthday to you. God has said Happy Birthday to you. God has said Happy Birthday to you. This is from our side Kanha ji. This is from our side Kanha ji. This is from our side Kanha ji. So it means sir's birthday is today.  So today we So it means sir's birthday is today.  So today we So it means sir's birthday is today.  So today we make a cake for them.  There are make a cake for them.  There are make a cake for them.  There are no children.  Then I don't know what I will do today.   There no children.  Then I don't know what I will do today.   There no children.  Then I don't know what I will do today.   There were a lot of plans but when I told you this in the morning, my were a lot of plans but when I told you this in the morning, my were a lot of plans but when I told you this in the morning, my entire mood got spoiled.  So let's entire mood got spoiled.  So let's entire mood got spoiled.  So let's make the cake first.  I am going to make the cake first.  I am going to make the cake first.  I am going to make the cake without eggs, without flour, make the cake without eggs, without flour, make the cake without eggs, without flour, without sugar and without cream.  Meaning, without sugar and without cream.  Meaning, without sugar and without cream.  Meaning, not everyone likes cream cake.  So we not everyone likes cream cake.  So we not everyone likes cream cake.  So we will make a cake without cream.  So let's make will make a cake without cream.  So let's make will make a cake without cream.  So let's make it.  Our eggless cake is ready. it.  Our eggless cake is ready. it.  Our eggless cake is ready. Without egg, without flour, without sugar.  The cake Without egg, without flour, without sugar.  The cake Without egg, without flour, without sugar.  The cake is ready. is ready. is ready. Meanwile.  Hello guys, so today is 10th August and Meanwile.  Hello guys, so today is 10th August and Meanwile.  Hello guys, so today is 10th August and we had come to Rajasthan to shoot a video. we had come to Rajasthan to shoot a video. we had come to Rajasthan to shoot a video. But it's Papa's birthday and But it's Papa's birthday and But it's Papa's birthday and he thinks we're coming back on the 12th. he thinks we're coming back on the 12th. he thinks we're coming back on the 12th. But we're at 4:30 in the morning right now But we're at 4:30 in the morning right now But we're at 4:30 in the morning right now if you guys can if you guys can if you guys can see the time.  We are going to be here at 4:30 after see the time.  We are going to be here at 4:30 after see the time.  We are going to be here at 4:30 after wrapping up the shoot etc. wrapping up the shoot etc. Get home and this is going to be a surprise for mom and dad. Get home and this is going to be a surprise for mom and dad. Get home and this is going to be a surprise for mom and dad. This birthday party must be making This birthday party must be making This birthday party must be making them think that we will sleep now. them think that we will sleep now. them think that we will sleep now. He doesn't call until 3:00. He doesn't call until 3:00. He doesn't call until 3:00. By then we will By then we will By then we will reach every home.  So let's see if there are any surprises or reach every home.  So let's see if there are any surprises or reach every home.  So let's see if there are any surprises or not. not. not. I feel like all of us owls have I feel like all of us owls have I feel like all of us owls have come together on the same team.  Because we come together on the same team.  Because we come together on the same team.  Because we leave at night wherever we have to go.   I leave at night wherever we have to go.   I leave at night wherever we have to go.   I know the best time to go out is at night. know the best time to go out is at night. know the best time to go out is at night. Zero traffic. Zero traffic. Zero traffic. Agreed.  The entire road is empty.  The car is running great. Agreed.  The entire road is empty.  The car is running great. Agreed.  The entire road is empty.  The car is running great. We are unable to sleep. We are unable to sleep. We are unable to sleep. Walking while humming.  I am Walking while humming.  I am Walking while humming.  I am singing loudly and I am also feeling hungry.  La la singing loudly and I am also feeling hungry.  La la singing loudly and I am also feeling hungry.  La la la [song voice] la la la la la la [song voice] la la la la la la [song voice] la la la la la la la la Recent Update Guys driver change Recent Update Guys driver change Recent Update Guys driver change let's go let's go let's go oh ji back to the basics oh ji back to the basics oh ji back to the basics heavy driver AB heavy driver AB heavy driver AB back to the basics back to the basics back to the basics actually Harshit ji ko thodi thodi pata lag gayi thi actually Harshit ji ko thodi thodi pata lag gayi thi actually Harshit ji ko thodi thodi pata lag gayi thi so now Nishara is driving by the way so now Nishara is driving by the way so now Nishara is driving by the way this is a manual car yes this is a manual car yes this is a manual car yes guys I am driving a manual car guys I am driving a manual car guys I am driving a manual car after five years but you know once you are loving it always is it just took after five years but you know once you are loving it always is it just took after five years but you know once you are loving it always is it just took me like 1 minute me like 1 minute me like 1 minute you will get some sleep then give it to me then I do you will get some sleep then give it to me then I do you will get some sleep then give it to me then I do n't want it [laughs] I do n't want it [laughs] I do n't want it [laughs] I do n't want extra large. n't want extra large. n't want extra large. If we are all owls then I am the owl among owls. If we are all owls then I am the owl among owls. If we are all owls then I am the owl among owls. I'm the king of the owls. I'm the king of the owls. I'm the king of the owls. Yes, I am just that.  I can't sleep Yes, I am just that.  I can't sleep Yes, I am just that.  I can't sleep brother. brother. brother. Now if Nisha falls asleep then Now if Nisha falls asleep then Now if Nisha falls asleep then Harshit will start driving again. Harshit will start driving again. Harshit will start driving again. Sing By The Way Another Day Another Morning.  Now I have Sing By The Way Another Day Another Morning.  Now I have Sing By The Way Another Day Another Morning.  Now I have realised one thing.  That we are not outs. realised one thing.  That we are not outs. realised one thing.  That we are not outs. We are morning people because we We are morning people because we We are morning people because we sleep only after seeing the morning sun. sleep only after seeing the morning sun. sleep only after seeing the morning sun. What's the matter, What's the matter, What's the matter, what's the matter.  It's a matter, it's a matter.   Let's what's the matter.  It's a matter, it's a matter.   Let's what's the matter.  It's a matter, it's a matter.   Let's play a song on this topic. play a song on this topic. play a song on this topic. Thanks.  Hey [laughs] there was a Thanks.  Hey [laughs] there was a Thanks.  Hey [laughs] there was a lot of motivation, brother. lot of motivation, brother. lot of motivation, brother. Thanks.  No no, don't wake up brother.  You are a Thanks.  No no, don't wake up brother.  You are a Thanks.  No no, don't wake up brother.  You are a good person.  You should sleep at the right time and good person.  You should sleep at the right time and good person.  You should sleep at the right time and wake up at the right time.  There is some problem within us. wake up at the right time.  There is some problem within us. wake up at the right time.  There is some problem within us. No, there is something wrong with us.   That's No, there is something wrong with us.   That's No, there is something wrong with us.   That's correct.  That's correct.   That's correct.  That's correct.   That's correct.  That's correct.   That's correct.   Have been awake the correct.   Have been awake the correct.   Have been awake the whole night.  I have just whole night.  I have just whole night.  I have just taken the first stop.  It's 7:30 something.   There's nothing. taken the first stop.  It's 7:30 something.   There's nothing. taken the first stop.  It's 7:30 something.   There's nothing. We are stopping at the third place. We are stopping at the third place. We are stopping at the third place. And there is no food here either because we have come And there is no food here either because we have come And there is no food here either because we have come so early in the morning.  I am very hungry. so early in the morning.  I am very hungry. so early in the morning.  I am very hungry. Everyone is hangry.  We are also just Everyone is hangry.  We are also just Everyone is hangry.  We are also just angry.  And how is Harshad feeling?   Had angry.  And how is Harshad feeling?   Had angry.  And how is Harshad feeling?   Had fun.  Now we will have a nice cup of coffee fun.  Now we will have a nice cup of coffee fun.  Now we will have a nice cup of coffee and then we will go straight to Gurgaon. and then we will go straight to Gurgaon. and then we will go straight to Gurgaon. Or Or Or what happened?   She was what happened?   She was what happened?   She was asking how are you feeling?  Got something to eat asking how are you feeling?  Got something to eat brother, we are staying at the third place.   I brother, we are staying at the third place.   I brother, we are staying at the third place.   I swear brother, everywhere is closed, wherever you are going, you are swear brother, everywhere is closed, wherever you are going, you are swear brother, everywhere is closed, wherever you are going, you are closed there. closed there. closed there. All these friends say early morning early All these friends say early morning early All these friends say early morning early morning.  Now look, it's 8:00.  We are morning.  Now look, it's 8:00.  We are morning.  Now look, it's 8:00.  We are up.  All this is closed. up.  All this is closed. up.  All this is closed. Tell me, I should get up in the morning.  Why should one get up? Tell me, I should get up in the morning.  Why should one get up? Tell me, I should get up in the morning.  Why should one get up? Brother, when everything is closed, everything opens only at night, so Brother, when everything is closed, everything opens only at night, so Brother, when everything is closed, everything opens only at night, so that's why we wake up late.   We that's why we wake up late.   We that's why we wake up late.   We ordered whatever we could find and now ordered whatever we could find and now ordered whatever we could find and now we are just satisfying our hunger.   It we are just satisfying our hunger.   It we are just satisfying our hunger.   It is important, very important. is important, very important. is important, very important. Look at him, he is Look at him, he is Look at him, he is absolutely a zombie.   She has become absolutely a zombie.   She has become absolutely a zombie.   She has become completely like a zombie.   I have completely like a zombie.   I have completely like a zombie.   I have n't slept.  I slept for a long time and forgot everything. n't slept.  I slept for a long time and forgot everything. n't slept.  I slept for a long time and forgot everything. Great brother. Great brother. Great brother. Hey you are samosas.  He is also very good.   After having Hey you are samosas.  He is also very good.   After having Hey you are samosas.  He is also very good.   After having food and drinks, we left again.  It's food and drinks, we left again.  It's food and drinks, we left again.  It's showing 3 hours and the weather looks showing 3 hours and the weather looks showing 3 hours and the weather looks like it's going to rain.  it is warm and sunny.   The like it's going to rain.  it is warm and sunny.   The like it's going to rain.  it is warm and sunny.   The weather is pleasant weather is pleasant weather is pleasant and Harshit has once again taken over the command of the car.   I have taken it.   The and Harshit has once again taken over the command of the car.   I have taken it.   The driver switched again.  Now we will meet directly at home. driver switched again.  Now we will meet directly at home. Two hours later Two hours later Two hours later arrived. arrived. arrived. Think that uncle and aunty might fall. Think that uncle and aunty might fall. Think that uncle and aunty might fall. Mummy has a surprise. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy Uncle Ji Happy Uncle Ji Happy Uncle Ji Happy [laughs] May you live long, may you live long, [laughs] May you live long, may you live long, [laughs] May you live long, may you live long, thank you, I was just thank you, I was just thank you, I was just telling you that I feel that he has telling you that I feel that he has telling you that I feel that he has either left or is about to leave either left or is about to leave either left or is about to leave from there [laughs] from there [laughs] from there [laughs] Hello Happy Birthday to your husband, Hello Happy Birthday to your husband, Hello Happy Birthday to your husband, this is a surprise, this is a surprise, this is a surprise, oh mom, sit down Happy Birthday to oh mom, sit down Happy Birthday to oh mom, sit down Happy Birthday to your husband [laughs] Your your husband [laughs] Your your husband [laughs] Your father-in-law, father-in-law, father-in-law, Happy Birthday to you, friend, Happy Birthday to you, friend, Happy Birthday to you, friend, you have given me a surprise. you have given me a surprise. you have given me a surprise. Hey, it was Papa's birthday, how could you leave it like this Hey, it was Papa's birthday, how could you leave it like this Hey, it was Papa's birthday, how could you leave it like this ? ? ? I am telling you.  When I told you that the bill for the coffee was I am telling you.  When I told you that the bill for the coffee was I am telling you.  When I told you that the bill for the coffee was 345, I said, 345, I said, 345, I said, it means it has definitely been settled.  He must have been it means it has definitely been settled.  He must have been it means it has definitely been settled.  He must have been drinking coffee somewhere on the way and was feeling sleepy. drinking coffee somewhere on the way and was feeling sleepy. drinking coffee somewhere on the way and was feeling sleepy. So you said that the bill was settled, so I So you said that the bill was settled, so I So you said that the bill was settled, so I calculated it.  I said it took 7 hours at 10:00 and I would calculated it.  I said it took 7 hours at 10:00 and I would calculated it.  I said it took 7 hours at 10:00 and I would come by 5:30. come by 5:30. come by 5:30. Oh no, it's Oh no, it's Oh no, it's 4 o'clock at night. 4 o'clock at night. 4 o'clock at night. Hey, really, when I looked at it, the bill just came for Rs Hey, really, when I looked at it, the bill just came for Rs Hey, really, when I looked at it, the bill just came for Rs 13,000.  So I said it 13,000.  So I said it 13,000.  So I said it probably means they have come out now.  But I had this doubt that after probably means they have come out now.  But I had this doubt that after probably means they have come out now.  But I had this doubt that after drinking coffee he had left from here also. drinking coffee he had left from here also. drinking coffee he had left from here also. I have given complete details in the vlog. I have given complete details in the vlog. I have given complete details in the vlog. Where is the coming vogue coming from?  On Good Insaan Where is the coming vogue coming from?  On Good Insaan Where is the coming vogue coming from?  On Good Insaan Channel.   I Channel.   I Channel.   I know Papa's call is coming.  I am holding it in my hand and I am know Papa's call is coming.  I am holding it in my hand and I am know Papa's call is coming.  I am holding it in my hand and I am getting a call from Papa.  What should I do?   If I getting a call from Papa.  What should I do?   If I getting a call from Papa.  What should I do?   If I pick it up, you will know.  [laughter] pick it up, you will know.  [laughter] pick it up, you will know.  [laughter] I said if I reach there in an hour then I will I said if I reach there in an hour then I will I said if I reach there in an hour then I will give you a surprise.  If you pick up the call directly, give you a surprise.  If you pick up the call directly, give you a surprise.  If you pick up the call directly, they will understand in the car.  So don't get up, don't get up. they will understand in the car.  So don't get up, don't get up. I was calculating that [laughs] we will I was calculating that [laughs] we will I was calculating that [laughs] we will reach at this time.  It is not a big thing.  I reach at this time.  It is not a big thing.  I reach at this time.  It is not a big thing.  I just made the payment for the hotel building there, so just made the payment for the hotel building there, so just made the payment for the hotel building there, so I thought we would reach there only by evening. I thought we would reach there only by evening. I thought we would reach there only by evening. Brother, when we left from there at 4:00, no Brother, when we left from there at 4:00, no Brother, when we left from there at 4:00, no one was awake even in the hotel. one was awake even in the hotel. one was awake even in the hotel. I said yes and said, I will like you, please make the bill in the morning. I said yes and said, I will like you, please make the bill in the morning. I said yes and said, I will like you, please make the bill in the morning. We will do UPI in the morning.  Now We will do UPI in the morning.  Now We will do UPI in the morning.  Now everything is done online, so he said, okay, everything is done online, so he said, okay, everything is done online, so he said, okay, you go and pay the bill on the way. you go and pay the bill on the way. you go and pay the bill on the way. Papa told me that a rat had entered the house. Papa told me that a rat had entered the house. Papa told me that a rat had entered the house. Hi brother, I am very worried.  A rat and that too so much. Hi brother, I am very worried.  A rat and that too so much. Hey, leave the rat alone, friend. Hey, leave the rat alone, friend. Hey, leave the rat alone, friend. And it is right where you sit.  Hey, And it is right where you sit.  Hey, And it is right where you sit.  Hey, forget the mouse, today Mr. Elephant himself, forget the mouse, today Mr. Elephant himself, forget the mouse, today Mr. Elephant himself, elephant giant, huge, he is massive, like not by, I am elephant giant, huge, he is massive, like not by, I am elephant giant, huge, he is massive, like not by, I am saying his status is like a lion, saying his status is like a lion, saying his status is like a lion, elephant has status in the jungle, even the lion is elephant has status in the jungle, even the lion is elephant has status in the jungle, even the lion is afraid, he is ours, it is his birthday, afraid, he is ours, it is his birthday, afraid, he is ours, it is his birthday, happy birthday baba, happy birthday baba, happy birthday baba, thank you thank you thank you for your birthday, I said, I said for your birthday, I said, I said for your birthday, I said, I said no, if we sleep here now, we will be no, if we sleep here now, we will be no, if we sleep here now, we will be very late by the time we reach home, brother, it is very late by the time we reach home, brother, it is very late by the time we reach home, brother, it is father's birthday, so let's reach early.   I had assumed father's birthday, so let's reach early.   I had assumed father's birthday, so let's reach early.   I had assumed that Nanu would definitely come that Nanu would definitely come that Nanu would definitely come but I had but I had but I had not expected how early he would come, not expected how early he would come, not expected how early he would come, I had also thought that I would reach home by 10 o'clock I had also thought that I would reach home by 10 o'clock I had also thought that I would reach home by 10 o'clock but when that message came to pay the hotel bill, but when that message came to pay the hotel bill, but when that message came to pay the hotel bill, I said no, it means I said no, it means I said no, it means pay him in the morning, pay him in the morning, pay him in the morning, when we wished Papa at night, do you when we wished Papa at night, do you when we wished Papa at night, do you know what Papa said to us specially, now know what Papa said to us specially, now know what Papa said to us specially, now you should not do this, finish the shoot and you should not do this, finish the shoot and you should not do this, finish the shoot and leave at night [laughs] leave at night [laughs] leave at night [laughs] and we will not do this, we will not do this, we will go to sleep and we will not do this, we will not do this, we will go to sleep and we will not do this, we will not do this, we will go to sleep what [laughs] the thing is, you are not going to do this at all, what [laughs] the thing is, you are not going to do this at all, we got lured by Papa's birthday party.  Otherwise Papa doesn't leave the house early. we got lured by Papa's birthday party.  Otherwise Papa doesn't leave the house early. Yes, that's right.  Today we will Yes, that's right.  Today we will Yes, that's right.  Today we will go out for a party.  Yes, we will go out from go out for a party.  Yes, we will go out from go out for a party.  Yes, we will go out from today. today. today. Bhe I am ready.  I am always ready. Bhe I am ready.  I am always ready. Bhe I am ready.  I am always ready. Vai nice. Vai nice. Vai nice. Vai nice.  Look, Vai nice.  Look, Vai nice.  Look, brother, I have brought a technique to catch rats.  They are saying that brother, I have brought a technique to catch rats.  They are saying that brother, I have brought a technique to catch rats.  They are saying that we can also trap you.  Let's see brother.   I have been we can also trap you.  Let's see brother.   I have been we can also trap you.  Let's see brother.   I have been worried since morning.  I actually even worried since morning.  I actually even worried since morning.  I actually even put the medicine in.  A cage was also installed.  The rat is just put the medicine in.  A cage was also installed.  The rat is just put the medicine in.  A cage was also installed.  The rat is just not coming out from here.  I couldn't understand it. not coming out from here.  I couldn't understand it. not coming out from here.  I couldn't understand it. It is possible that when we went for a walk, it might have It is possible that when we went for a walk, it might have It is possible that when we went for a walk, it might have entered somewhere.  Don't know.  But let's see entered somewhere.  Don't know.  But let's see entered somewhere.  Don't know.  But let's see what brother says to this? what brother says to this? what brother says to this? Trap Trap Trap Glue Traps.   Let's try a Glue Traps.   Let's try a Glue Traps.   Let's try a glue trap.  Come on, something will happen. glue trap.  Come on, something will happen. glue trap.  Come on, something will happen. Mr. Ruchika came early in the morning and Mr. Ruchika came early in the morning and Mr. Ruchika came early in the morning and gave me a surprise.  I had just gave me a surprise.  I had just gave me a surprise.  I had just come out of the bath.  We are just going to the temple.  So we bow down to come out of the bath.  We are just going to the temple.  So we bow down to come out of the bath.  We are just going to the temple.  So we bow down to God only. God only. God only. One means everyone's birthday.  Sawan from above.   It is the One means everyone's birthday.  Sawan from above.   It is the One means everyone's birthday.  Sawan from above.   It is the Monday of Sawan that I have to Monday of Sawan that I have to Monday of Sawan that I have to take blessings from God. take blessings from God. take blessings from God. Om Namah Shivay. Om Namah Shivay. Om Namah Shivay. Har Har Mahadev Shambhu, there are a total of 12 Har Har Mahadev Shambhu, there are a total of 12 Har Har Mahadev Shambhu, there are a total of 12 Shivlingas built here.  Came back from the temple. Shivlingas built here.  Came back from the temple. Shivlingas built here.  Came back from the temple. I thought we would cut the cake after coming back from the temple. I thought we would cut the cake after coming back from the temple. I thought we would cut the cake after coming back from the temple. But now Ruchika and Nishchay have also come.  I have just But now Ruchika and Nishchay have also come.  I have just But now Ruchika and Nishchay have also come.  I have just told him that brother, you should take some rest told him that brother, you should take some rest told him that brother, you should take some rest because you have been awake the whole night.  So right now because you have been awake the whole night.  So right now because you have been awake the whole night.  So right now he is resting.  When we he is resting.  When we he is resting.  When we wake up we will cut the cake.  Let's wait for him now.  The wake up we will cut the cake.  Let's wait for him now.  The wake up we will cut the cake.  Let's wait for him now.  The children have come from children have come from children have come from so far away after staying awake the whole night to celebrate a special birthday.  Now we will so far away after staying awake the whole night to celebrate a special birthday.  Now we will so far away after staying awake the whole night to celebrate a special birthday.  Now we will cut the cake with them. cut the cake with them. cut the cake with them. A Few Moments Later. A Few Moments Later. A Few Moments Later. Both of them have woken up after sleeping and are now Both of them have woken up after sleeping and are now Both of them have woken up after sleeping and are now going to buy a gift for father.   I am going to going to buy a gift for father.   I am going to going to buy a gift for father.   I am going to get a surprise gift.  Plane get a surprise gift.  Plane get a surprise gift.  Plane Papa knows we're going.  [laughter] Papa knows we're going.  [laughter] Papa knows we're going.  [laughter] They're saying, oh no, there's They're saying, oh no, there's They're saying, oh no, there's no need for formalities.  I don't want any gift. no need for formalities.  I don't want any gift. no need for formalities.  I don't want any gift. We said we are not going to We said we are not going to We said we are not going to get the gift.  We're going to go for a walk [laughs].  I have just returned from a trip.   The get the gift.  We're going to go for a walk [laughs].  I have just returned from a trip.   The weather is great.  It is still raining.  It was weather is great.  It is still raining.  It was weather is great.  It is still raining.  It was very sunny when we came.  The very sunny when we came.  The very sunny when we came.  The weather is nice.  Right now there weather is nice.  Right now there weather is nice.  Right now there is one advantage of shifting to Gurgaon.  There are three-four malls is one advantage of shifting to Gurgaon.  There are three-four malls is one advantage of shifting to Gurgaon.  There are three-four malls right in front of the house.  So we do right in front of the house.  So we do right in front of the house.  So we do n't have to go very far.  Every time we n't have to go very far.  Every time we n't have to go very far.  Every time we go into the past and bring gifts.   So I am going now go into the past and bring gifts.   So I am going now go into the past and bring gifts.   So I am going now for Papa.  We will for Papa.  We will for Papa.  We will take shoes because Dad wanted his running shoes. take shoes because Dad wanted his running shoes. take shoes because Dad wanted his running shoes. Papa had Papa had Papa had told me something casual like this a long time ago, so I remembered it.  So I will told me something casual like this a long time ago, so I remembered it.  So I will told me something casual like this a long time ago, so I remembered it.  So I will buy shoes now. buy shoes now. buy shoes now. We are deciding which one to take? We are deciding which one to take? We are deciding which one to take? This one is the one we liked.  Its size itself This one is the one we liked.  Its size itself This one is the one we liked.  Its size itself is not available.  So right now we are looking at the second one.  And we are is not available.  So right now we are looking at the second one.  And we are is not available.  So right now we are looking at the second one.  And we are deciding here also.  So I'll deciding here also.  So I'll deciding here also.  So I'll get one running shoe and one of these get one running shoe and one of these get one running shoe and one of these lifestyle [music] shoes.  We lifestyle [music] shoes.  We lifestyle [music] shoes.  We like this one.  This is also looking good. like this one.  This is also looking good. like this one.  This is also looking good. This too.  It's not it looks good. This too.  It's not it looks good. This too.  It's not it looks good. Brother is trying it on.  She looks smart. Brother is trying it on.  She looks smart. Papa likes it.   If Papa likes it.   If Papa likes it.   If you like it, Papa will definitely like it. you like it, Papa will definitely like it. you like it, Papa will definitely like it. That's why I have brought you here.  We are currently That's why I have brought you here.  We are currently That's why I have brought you here.  We are currently billing the shoes.  Came in Miniso. billing the shoes.  Came in Miniso. billing the shoes.  Came in Miniso. We took more gifts from here.  And now we will go We took more gifts from here.  And now we will go We took more gifts from here.  And now we will go home.  There's just been a glitch.  We home.  There's just been a glitch.  We home.  There's just been a glitch.  We went to that Essex showroom so I went to that Essex showroom so I went to that Essex showroom so I left my car keys there.  So definitely left my car keys there.  So definitely left my car keys there.  So definitely he has just gone to get it.  Look, when I am determined, he has just gone to get it.  Look, when I am determined, he has just gone to get it.  Look, when I am determined, I don't use my brain I don't use my brain I don't use my brain cells.  I have two brain cells and they also cells.  I have two brain cells and they also cells.  I have two brain cells and they also go into rest mode.  So that's not me, that's go into rest mode.  So that's not me, that's go into rest mode.  So that's not me, that's him justifying my brain cells him justifying my brain cells him justifying my brain cells behavior.  I am honestly saying this, when behavior.  I am honestly saying this, when behavior.  I am honestly saying this, when you are with your husband, some how you are with your husband, some how you are with your husband, some how your brain goes into shutdown mode. your brain goes into shutdown mode. your brain goes into shutdown mode. And it just stops working.  And this happens to me all the time. And it just stops working.  And this happens to me all the time. And it just stops working.  And this happens to me all the time. I am very I am very I am very conscious about everything.  But when I am conscious about everything.  But when I am conscious about everything.  But when I am with Nischay, I become so with Nischay, I become so with Nischay, I become so careless that he careless that he careless that he is there anyway, he will take care of everything, poor guy, should I hold it? No, no, if it is there anyway, he will take care of everything, poor guy, should I hold it? No, no, if it feels good then feels good then feels good then take it, we go take it, we go take it, we go shopping with so much difficulty, one shopping with so much difficulty, one shopping with so much difficulty, one day pick up the bag for two minutes, come on friend, give me not just one, day pick up the bag for two minutes, come on friend, give me not just one, day pick up the bag for two minutes, come on friend, give me not just one, then hold all of them, no, no, no, one, all of them, then what is the harm then hold all of them, no, no, no, one, all of them, then what is the harm in holding this bag so lightly, if I have to take then take in holding this bag so lightly, if I have to take then take in holding this bag so lightly, if I have to take then take all of them, how much is it in one bag, okay, we have all of them, how much is it in one bag, okay, we have all of them, how much is it in one bag, okay, we have taken all the gifts, we will go home and taken all the gifts, we will go home and taken all the gifts, we will go home and now we are going for dinner also.  Polu ji has now we are going for dinner also.  Polu ji has now we are going for dinner also.  Polu ji has already done all the bookings etc.  So let's already done all the bookings etc.  So let's already done all the bookings etc.  So let's go.  Now I will have to go home and get ready quickly. go.  Now I will have to go home and get ready quickly. go.  Now I will have to go home and get ready quickly. We have come home. We have come home. We have come home. Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday. Happy birthday to you.   He wo Happy birthday to you.   He wo Happy birthday to you.   He wo n't agree, child. n't agree, child. n't agree, child. This is from all the children. This is from all the children. This is from all the children. Happy Happy Happy to you.   Just to you.   Just to you.   Just look at it. look at it. look at it. So many t-shirts were still so far behind here. So many t-shirts were still so far behind here. So many t-shirts were still so far behind here. Who will buy that T-shirt from us?  So who will wear it?  I Who will buy that T-shirt from us?  So who will wear it?  I Who will buy that T-shirt from us?  So who will wear it?  I know these are shoes. know these are shoes. know these are shoes. Happy birthday Happy birthday Happy birthday to you.   Thank to you.   Thank to you.   Thank you.  Thank you.   Did you you.  Thank you.   Did you you.  Thank you.   Did you like it? like it? like it? Oh, that's great.  There is light also.  Good.  very Oh, that's great.  There is light also.  Good.  very Oh, that's great.  There is light also.  Good.  very good.  Thank you.   I did good.  Thank you.   I did good.  Thank you.   I did not bring a T-shirt for you.   I have not bring a T-shirt for you.   I have not bring a T-shirt for you.   I have brought the jersey. brought the jersey. brought the jersey. Hey athlete. Hey athlete. Hey athlete. To the park in the morning? To the park in the morning? To the park in the morning? Athlete. Athlete. Athlete. You love wearing those jersey t-shirts, right? You love wearing those jersey t-shirts, right? You love wearing those jersey t-shirts, right? Proud to be Indian.   Let's Proud to be Indian.   Let's Proud to be Indian.   Let's go.   That's go.   That's go.   That's correct.  The morning park will be accounted for. correct.  The morning park will be accounted for. correct.  The morning park will be accounted for. And there is another gift for you.  [laughter] What is this, brother? What is this, brother? What is this, brother? Penguin playing cricket.   He Penguin playing cricket.   He Penguin playing cricket.   He plays cricket plays cricket plays cricket and he is wearing a cap because you also and he is wearing a cap because you also and he is wearing a cap because you also wear a cap. wear a cap. wear a cap. Okay, thank you sir.  Thank you. Okay, thank you sir.  Thank you. Okay, thank you sir.  Thank you. Thank you very much.  You all are crocodiles. Thank you very much.  You all are crocodiles. Thank you very much.  You all are crocodiles. How did the shoes look?   The How did the shoes look?   The How did the shoes look?   The shoes are great. shoes are great. shoes are great. Whose choice are they? Whose choice are they? Whose choice are they? Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday. Happy Birthday. Thank you brother.  Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you brother.  Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you brother.  Thank you.  Thank you. Happy birthday papa. Happy birthday papa. Happy birthday papa. God bless you.  Keep giving like this.  It is a gift to God bless you.  Keep giving like this.  It is a gift to God bless you.  Keep giving like this.  It is a gift to me. me. me. Ok. Ok. Ok. Later that same evening.   It is Later that same evening.   It is Later that same evening.   It is evening now.  Look, I am ready. evening now.  Look, I am ready. evening now.  Look, I am ready. I am always ready anyway.  Everyone says there I am always ready anyway.  Everyone says there I am always ready anyway.  Everyone says there is a sale of Ever Ready.  She is ready whenever I see her.  It's too is a sale of Ever Ready.  She is ready whenever I see her.  It's too is a sale of Ever Ready.  She is ready whenever I see her.  It's too late to say it once.  I had to late to say it once.  I had to late to say it once.  I had to go to the temple in the morning so I had to wear a red suit.  Now I have to go to the go to the temple in the morning so I had to wear a red suit.  Now I have to go to the go to the temple in the morning so I had to wear a red suit.  Now I have to go to the party.  I am wearing a black suit. party.  I am wearing a black suit. party.  I am wearing a black suit. Well, I haven't eaten anything.  I am Well, I haven't eaten anything.  I am Well, I haven't eaten anything.  I am fasting.  Still I am ready first. fasting.  Still I am ready first. fasting.  Still I am ready first. And look, the person whose birthday it is here is And look, the person whose birthday it is here is And look, the person whose birthday it is here is always on the phone.  And just like this, I am hanging around and always on the phone.  And just like this, I am hanging around and always on the phone.  And just like this, I am hanging around and waiting for him.  What else should I do brother? waiting for him.  What else should I do brother? waiting for him.  What else should I do brother? Whose?   Of Whose?   Of Whose?   Of Nishchay and Ruchika.   The Nishchay and Ruchika.   The Nishchay and Ruchika.   The cake is waiting for you there. cake is waiting for you there. cake is waiting for you there. He has come first. He has come first. He has come first. Yes.  So the birthday boy should come first. Yes.  So the birthday boy should come first. Yes.  So the birthday boy should come first. Everything else comes later.  The birthday boy should be Everything else comes later.  The birthday boy should be Everything else comes later.  The birthday boy should be first. first. first. Look, I am wearing a black suit.  Are you Look, I am wearing a black suit.  Are you Look, I am wearing a black suit.  Are you watching again?  Then who is the copy cat?   He watching again?  Then who is the copy cat?   He watching again?  Then who is the copy cat?   He always says this to me.  I was ready earlier. always says this to me.  I was ready earlier. always says this to me.  I was ready earlier. My cake is also ready.  Should I show you?  I had My cake is also ready.  Should I show you?  I had My cake is also ready.  Should I show you?  I had made the cake.  Look at this.  This is an oat cake. made the cake.  Look at this.  This is an oat cake. made the cake.  Look at this.  This is an oat cake. Absolutely healthy.  Oats with almonds. Absolutely healthy.  Oats with almonds. Absolutely healthy.  Oats with almonds. Look at it.  How much I care for my Look at it.  How much I care for my Look at it.  How much I care for my husband.  This cake is also ready.  We are all ready. husband.  This cake is also ready.  We are all ready. husband.  This cake is also ready.  We are all ready. Whose butt is getting wet?  Only only only Whose butt is getting wet?  Only only only Whose butt is getting wet?  Only only only Nishchay Malhan and Ruchika and you know Nishchay Malhan and Ruchika and you know Nishchay Malhan and Ruchika and you know last time when we went for dinner the full last time when we went for dinner the full last time when we went for dinner the full family Nishchay was not there, right, I family Nishchay was not there, right, I family Nishchay was not there, right, I missed Nishchay, today we are going again so today we are missed Nishchay, today we are going again so today we are missed Nishchay, today we are going again so today we are missing Abhishek, when he had gone missing Abhishek, when he had gone missing Abhishek, when he had gone he had said that I will come back on 10th, it is he had said that I will come back on 10th, it is he had said that I will come back on 10th, it is Papa's birthday so I will come back at any cost Papa's birthday so I will come back at any cost Papa's birthday so I will come back at any cost but when he went there doing on but when he went there doing on but when he went there doing on field work, he saw field work, he saw field work, he saw that the situation was worse than worst. that the situation was worse than worst. that the situation was worse than worst. So right now I don't know, I don't know the name of the So right now I don't know, I don't know the name of the So right now I don't know, I don't know the name of the place he has gone to.  So even there I was saying place he has gone to.  So even there I was saying place he has gone to.  So even there I was saying that so many families need me.   There is that so many families need me.   There is that so many families need me.   There is still on-field work to be done there, so still on-field work to be done there, so still on-field work to be done there, so he did not come back today.  No problem, he is he did not come back today.  No problem, he is he did not come back today.  No problem, he is also doing good work.  Isn't it? also doing good work.  Isn't it? also doing good work.  Isn't it? We will have dinner together some other time.  But the thing is We will have dinner together some other time.  But the thing is We will have dinner together some other time.  But the thing is that the entire family cannot get together at one time.  Dont know that the entire family cannot get together at one time.  Dont know that the entire family cannot get together at one time.  Dont know why. why. why. Happy [singing voice] Happy [singing voice] Happy [singing voice] to me.  Happy to me.  Happy to me.  Happy to me. to me. to me. Vogue starts and Papa's phone rings. Vogue starts and Papa's phone rings. Vogue starts and Papa's phone rings. Inspiration. Inspiration. Inspiration. I made this home made cake. I made this home made cake. Not this one, that one.  This cream cake. Not this one, that one.  This cream cake. Not this one, that one.  This cream cake. You eat this.  I will eat this.   It will become like this.   It took You eat this.  I will eat this.   It will become like this.   It took a year.   Just enough time a year.   Just enough time a year.   Just enough time to light 10 small candles. to light 10 small candles. to light 10 small candles. To me.  Tell me whose cake is this To me.  Tell me whose cake is this To me.  Tell me whose cake is this Yes, I'll tell you by smelling it It's a Yes, I'll tell you by smelling it It's a Yes, I'll tell you by smelling it It's a carrot cake Carrot carrot cake Carrot carrot cake Carrot cake I do cake I do cake I do n't know something like that n't know something like that n't know something like that Come right now it's birthday Aunty Aish is singing a song Come Come right now it's birthday Aunty Aish is singing a song Come happy birthday one who has come happy birthday one who has come One who has come He has brought a cake for you One who has come He has brought a cake for you One who has come He has brought a cake for you Happy birthday to you Come sit down You will cut the Happy birthday to you Come sit down You will cut the Happy birthday to you Come sit down You will cut the cake cake cake You were cutting the cake without me I have been waiting since morning to You were cutting the cake without me I have been waiting since morning to You were cutting the cake without me I have been waiting since morning to cut your cake One more cut your cake One more cut your cake One more cake of yours cake of yours cake of yours Oh thank you Open it now open it take it out Oh thank you Open it now open it take it out Kanha ji you also cut it Keshav put your hand on it Kanha ji you also cut it Keshav put your hand on it Kanha ji you also cut it Keshav put your hand on it Birthday gift come on Birthday gift come on what are you trying to show off Come on what are you trying to show off Come on what are you trying to show off Come on cut the cake it's all melted Oh come on cut the cake it's all melted Oh come on blow on blow on blow on this small one Blow on this this small one Blow on this this small one Blow on this cut the cake later cut the cake later cut the cake later Happy birthday happy you Happy cut it cut it Happy birthday happy you Happy cut it cut it Happy birthday happy you Happy cut it cut it then cut it then cut it Happy Happy Happy to [song voice] you Happy to to [song voice] you Happy to to [song voice] you Happy to you Happy to you Happy to you Happy to [song voice] to you Happy to me Kanha ji Kanha ji Kanha ji Papa look here one you had the blue one empty Papa look here one you had the blue one empty Papa look here one you had the blue one empty Maybe Maybe Maybe you should call Nanu first And who will call Nanu you should call Nanu first And who will call Nanu you should call Nanu first And who will call Nanu Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Happy Birthday to you It's Happy Birthday to you It's Happy Birthday to you It's good It's good It's good It's good good good brother taste it and this is a brother taste it and this is a brother taste it and this is a very healthy cake which you eat healthy.  Thank you, I very healthy cake which you eat healthy.  Thank you, I very healthy cake which you eat healthy.  Thank you, I eat unhealthy food also. eat unhealthy food also. eat unhealthy food also. Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Thank You This is also a good healthy cake. Thank You This is also a good healthy cake. Thank You This is also a good healthy cake. I will also tell my brother that I will eat it. I will also tell my brother that I will eat it. I will also tell my brother that I will eat it. My favourite Happy Birthday to Button My favourite Happy Birthday to Button My favourite Happy Birthday to Button Now you tell me your work is done Now you tell me your work is done Now you tell me your work is done from where it is done from where it is done from where it is done How is it brother tell me How is it brother tell me How is it brother tell me very tasty very tasty very tasty good good good yes yes yes Happy Birthday Papa [laughs] Happy Birthday Papa [laughs] Happy Birthday Papa [laughs] What about Abbu What about Abbu What about Abbu Abbu should not be missed Papa no I don't Abbu should not be missed Papa no I don't Abbu should not be missed Papa no I don't like it sometimes even a little like it sometimes even a little like it sometimes even a little Abhishek came yesterday Abhishek came yesterday Abhishek came yesterday Abbu deserves one friend Abbu deserves one friend this is not Abbu's share Papa Papa Happy this is not Abbu's share Papa Papa Happy this is not Abbu's share Papa Papa Happy Birthday.   Thank Birthday.   Thank Birthday.   Thank you.  I thought he was feeding me. you.  I thought he was feeding me. you.  I thought he was feeding me. You feed me a lot. You feed me a lot. You feed me a lot. You feed me a lot.  Yes, take him inside. You feed me a lot.  Yes, take him inside. You feed me a lot.  Yes, take him inside. I will also feed you.   It's not I will also feed you.   It's not I will also feed you.   It's not my birthday.   It belongs to the my birthday.   It belongs to the my birthday.   It belongs to the one who gave birth to you [laughs].   I one who gave birth to you [laughs].   I one who gave birth to you [laughs].   I know how much you fed me.   It was know how much you fed me.   It was know how much you fed me.   It was your birthday. your birthday. your birthday. Happy birthday Papa ji. Happy birthday Papa ji. Happy birthday Papa ji. Kanha ji's Kanha ji's Kanha ji's happy birthday papa ji.  Happy Birthday in happy birthday papa ji.  Happy Birthday in happy birthday papa ji.  Happy Birthday in advance.  Mr. Kanha. advance.  Mr. Kanha. advance.  Mr. Kanha. What don't you want to eat?   Not anymore.   The What don't you want to eat?   Not anymore.   The food was bread. food was bread. food was bread. I did not want to eat any food.  I want to eat I did not want to eat any food.  I want to eat I did not want to eat any food.  I want to eat cake, I want to eat cake, I want to eat cake, I want to eat cake, whoever wants to cake, whoever wants to cake, whoever wants to eat cake, no, it is not eat cake, no, it is not eat cake, no, it is not cake, cake, cake, friends, today a new achievement has been unlocked, friends, today a new achievement has been unlocked, friends, today a new achievement has been unlocked, Mummy has invented a new way out of the 100 billion ways to hurt herself, her Mummy has invented a new way out of the 100 billion ways to hurt herself, her finger got stuck in the tripod stand of the phone, finger got stuck in the tripod stand of the phone, finger got stuck in the tripod stand of the phone, she is 55 years old, by the way, that usher is she is 55 years old, by the way, that usher is she is 55 years old, by the way, that usher is sitting in that car, sitting in that car, sitting in that car, how can someone get hurt by getting his finger stuck in the tripod stand of the phone, how does it how can someone get hurt by getting his finger stuck in the tripod stand of the phone, how does it look like this look like this look like this Mummy brother, Mummy brother, Mummy brother, Mummy's whole tears came out, I don't have such a small Mummy's whole tears came out, I don't have such a small Mummy's whole tears came out, I don't have such a small finger, and tell me finger, and tell me finger, and tell me why were you putting your finger in the tripod? why were you putting your finger in the tripod? why were you putting your finger in the tripod? I was just taking out my F. F F F Never mind, never mind.  Everyone is Never mind, never mind.  Everyone is Never mind, never mind.  Everyone is leaving for dinner now.  The cake cutting is done. leaving for dinner now.  The cake cutting is done. leaving for dinner now.  The cake cutting is done. Chat and House Guys. Chat and House Guys. Chat and House Guys. Here you go sir. Here you go sir. Here you go sir. Mom had recorded you so well while Mom had recorded you so well while Mom had recorded you so well while eating Golgappa.  Miss Ho [laughs] There eating Golgappa.  Miss Ho [laughs] There eating Golgappa.  Miss Ho [laughs] There he is. he is. he is. I am mom, will I am mom, will I am mom, will you do it to me now? you do it to me now? you do it to me now? I stopped. I stopped. I stopped. How will you eat?  You are not breaking down. How will you eat?  You are not breaking down. How will you eat?  You are not breaking down. I'll just eat yogurt. Yogurt speaks. Yogurt speaks. Yogurt speaks. Come on, turn off the camera.  I will eat after myself. Come on, turn off the camera.  I will eat after myself. Come on, turn off the camera.  I will eat after myself. Okay. Okay. Okay. What is this? What is this? What is this? Mushroom Galoji. Mushroom Galoji. Mushroom Galoji. I had made rajma with mushrooms.  Rajma I had made rajma with mushrooms.  Rajma I had made rajma with mushrooms.  Rajma Galauti. Galauti. Galauti. This brother specially said that you should eat this. This brother specially said that you should eat this. This brother specially said that you should eat this. You will like it.  You try it. You will like it.  You try it. You will like it.  You try it. How is the Karo test?  Tell. How is the Karo test?  Tell. How is the Karo test?  Tell. Mom has got your drink.   Here you go. Mom has got your drink.   Here you go. Mom has got your drink.   Here you go. Galaxy Mocktail.  It's fun.   It's Galaxy Mocktail.  It's fun.   It's Galaxy Mocktail.  It's fun.   It's pineapple.   It's pineapple.   It's pineapple.   It's pineapple.  But how is it red?  How did pineapple turn red pineapple.  But how is it red?  How did pineapple turn red pineapple.  But how is it red?  How did pineapple turn red ?   There ?   There ?   There is cranberry. is cranberry. is cranberry. Yes, I ordered it myself and forgot it myself. Yes, I ordered it myself and forgot it myself. Yes, I ordered it myself and forgot it myself. Oh, what a thing.  Cranberry, pineapple, Oh, what a thing.  Cranberry, pineapple, Oh, what a thing.  Cranberry, pineapple, strawberry strawberry strawberry all in the family man.   I have all in the family man.   I have all in the family man.   I have reached. reached. reached. Now up here on top of the AC. Now up here on top of the AC. Now up here on top of the AC. Abu Mama is above the AC. Abu Mama is above the AC. Horns started blowing while mom was recording the video.  What is that new thing? Horns started blowing while mom was recording the video.  What is that new thing? Horns started blowing while mom was recording the video.  What is that new thing? Mummy, the bell also rings.  F Mummy, the bell also rings.  F Mummy, the bell also rings.  F F also sounds.  Horns also sound.   No F also sounds.  Horns also sound.   No F also sounds.  Horns also sound.   No one should keep ringing.  Play it. one should keep ringing.  Play it. one should keep ringing.  Play it. We have eaten food.  Now everyone is saying bye-bye.   The We have eaten food.  Now everyone is saying bye-bye.   The We have eaten food.  Now everyone is saying bye-bye.   The decision to eat food on notes is good.   The decision to eat food on notes is good.   The decision to eat food on notes is good.   The food was good, I food was good, I food was good, I enjoyed it a lot. enjoyed it a lot. enjoyed it a lot. Enjoyed very much.   Bye bye. Enjoyed very much.   Bye bye. Bye Guys.  Good night.  Take care. Bye Guys.  Good night.  Take care. Bye Guys.  Good night.  Take care. I also have a by-election. I also have a by-election. I also have a by-election. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. You guys please come along. You guys please come along. You guys please come along. You are with us. You are with us. You are with us. I said maybe I'm I said maybe I'm I said maybe I'm taking you along too, bye.  How are you feeling taking you along too, bye.  How are you feeling taking you along too, bye.  How are you feeling ? ? ? Visibility 200% [laughs] So you can see it? So you can see it? So you can see it? Oh absolutely clear. Oh absolutely clear. Oh absolutely clear. How much is this? How much is this? How much is this? Do the fingers.  [laughter] Do the fingers.  [laughter] Do the fingers.  [laughter] Got it?  Thank you. Got it?  Thank you. Got it?  Thank you. Happy birthday papa.  Thank you for such a nice Happy birthday papa.  Thank you for such a nice Happy birthday papa.  Thank you for such a nice party. party. party. Thank you son.  Thank you. Thank you son.  Thank you. Thank you son.  Thank you. Good night.  Love you.  Happy Birthday.   Thank Good night.  Love you.  Happy Birthday.   Thank Good night.  Love you.  Happy Birthday.   Thank you.   I you.   I you.   I love you Papa ji.  Good night. love you Papa ji.  Good night. love you Papa ji.  Good night. Yes, good night.  Good night.  Good night.   Give Yes, good night.  Good night.  Good night.   Give Yes, good night.  Good night.  Good night.   Give us a party like this every year.   Thank us a party like this every year.   Thank us a party like this every year.   Thank you. you. you. Ok.  Bye-bye. Ok.  Bye-bye. Ok.  Bye-bye. Bye-by good night.  Bye bye good night Bye-by good night.  Bye bye good night Bye-by good night.  Bye bye good night good night bye bye good night bye bye good night bye bye good night oh we are going together good night oh we are going together thanks for watching bye thanks for watching bye thanks for watching bye thanks for watching [music] oh my love