Today I came to the terrace to make a reel, then Today I came to the terrace to make a reel, then Today I came to the terrace to make a reel, then why did our neighbours start getting jealous?   Yes why did our neighbours start getting jealous?   Yes why did our neighbours start getting jealous?   Yes , today I also have to shoot this reel. , today I also have to shoot this reel. , today I also have to shoot this reel. For this, I took out a beautiful saree from the bed For this, I took out a beautiful saree from the bed For this, I took out a beautiful saree from the bed and wore this blouse. and wore this blouse. and wore this blouse. But before that I tied my hair But before that I tied my hair But before that I tied my hair which does not suit the saree.  It took which does not suit the saree.  It took which does not suit the saree.  It took me 10-12 minutes just to tie the saree. me 10-12 minutes just to tie the saree. me 10-12 minutes just to tie the saree. Then she quickly came and said that she Then she quickly came and said that she Then she quickly came and said that she would make the reel on the terrace in such hot sun.  You will become even darker. would make the reel on the terrace in such hot sun.  You will become even darker. would make the reel on the terrace in such hot sun.  You will become even darker. I said don't worry about me. I said don't worry about me. I said don't worry about me. Because I am from M to PM.  I try the routine. Because I am from M to PM.  I try the routine. Because I am from M to PM.  I try the routine. Meaning, Meaning, Meaning, I use it first thing in the morning.  Thermode's Purple I use it first thing in the morning.  Thermode's Purple I use it first thing in the morning.  Thermode's Purple Sunscreen that protects the skin from UV rays Sunscreen that protects the skin from UV rays Sunscreen that protects the skin from UV rays and gives instant glow.  It is also light and gives instant glow.  It is also light and gives instant glow.  It is also light weight and non-greasy, which is weight and non-greasy, which is weight and non-greasy, which is best for oily skin.  And by looking at the reviews you best for oily skin.  And by looking at the reviews you best for oily skin.  And by looking at the reviews you can know that this has can know that this has can know that this has become not only my first choice but the first choice of many other people also. become not only my first choice but the first choice of many other people also. become not only my first choice but the first choice of many other people also. And at night I use Derm's And at night I use Derm's And at night I use Derm's 2% Kojic Acid Night Cream. 2% Kojic Acid Night Cream. 2% Kojic Acid Night Cream. Reduces dark spots and pigmentation and Reduces dark spots and pigmentation and Reduces dark spots and pigmentation and gives a glossy glow thanks to the gives a glossy glow thanks to the goodness of kojic acid, neem and alpha arginine.  And look how much glow is there on my face even after making the reel. goodness of kojic acid, neem and alpha arginine.  And look how much glow is there on my face even after making the reel. goodness of kojic acid, neem and alpha arginine.  And look how much glow is there on my face even after making the reel. If you also If you also If you also want this product then it want this product then it want this product then it is available at a high discount on perp.com.  Tagged above. is available at a high discount on perp.com.  Tagged above. is available at a high discount on perp.com.  Tagged above. You can order it by clicking here