Who is lying down here? Aunt?
Chachi Ice Weiss is playing hide and seek. We are not
playing any ghost game.
What is this in your hand?
Good morning guys. So today's blog will be
started by elder mother. do it.
Hello guys. Welcome to my blog. And everything will be
fine. I am cooking.
Look, I have made chole. Here are the chickpeas.
These are chickpeas.
And show me that.
And this is curry. Hey friend, don't show it to him.
People will say you [sound of clearing throat]
eat this every day because we like it.
Look at it. Now there are chole also and that is also there. Do
n't say that curry is made every day in
our house.
I told you I like it. There
are 11 people. Some like jholi, some
like chole. So we have to make everyone's choice as per
our liking. Our
Kunali eats this only.
Kunali doesn't eat this. Eats.
Well, this is specially made for Kunali and me
and the vegetable is also made. It is not that
this is what is made. I don't want to
sleep tonight. There is
no gold.
Today I have to play hide and seek at night. Yes in the dark.
Kunal came back from school.
Leave it. Look, I have traded with a friend.
What?
These two are pen pencils. Trade. Trade means
I gave him one of mine and
you started trading?
Yes.
Where?
In school. Do
you trade in school?
No. He asked, do you want this?
He said yes, I want it. So I
told him that I am giving it for free. He said
no. So I asked, what do you want?
He said, I want this pencil of yours.
So I gave it.
So you gave pencil for pencil. So
which pencil did you give?
I have mine?
Mummy is making it for Tulsi. Look,
Tulsi has been planted inside it. I'm liking it.
So let's eat now. Chole, rice,
raita.
So guys, we've had our lunch. Currently
sitting in the room. Discussing our
next family trip.
Hey, your F is ringing. But why is this light
burning like this?
I can tell without looking. Whose call is
this? Are.
How?
It's definitely Piyush calling. Sure.
Look at this. I told you, right?
How do you know? Because this is the
dynamic light feature of ico Z1 Lite in which we
can customize the notifications. As soon as
Piyush's call comes, this
yellow light will glow here. You and I will
know that Piyush is calling.
This is very cool.
And its sale is also starting from 12:00 noon today,
guys. So guys quickly
go and search ico Z1 Lite on Amazon and
along with it spin and win is also going on.
Where you can win up to ₹1 lakh. So
quickly go and search on Amazon and spin
and win. Guys, I don't feel like going anywhere
because home is
like a vacation for me. It is quite big.
Everything is here lawn von your garden
warden to roam the front lawn. We
can go to the mountains whenever we want and we go to the mountains daily in the
evening for a walk. So it seems like
we are making a vacation. Isn't it
great?
Now after some time there will be a swimming pool and a
farm house too, so there will be more fun.
Then you will not feel like going anywhere at all,
brother. no way.
That's why we don't go anywhere for a trip. Because
our house is so nice,
we all have fun here with the family and there are
mountains as well, the place is also nice, so
how do you feel about it, then
brother, I like this place the best, whenever we go
somewhere, after two-three days we
remember our home, we want to go home, we want to go
home,
look at home, even if we go somewhere, there too we get such a
balcony, such a swing, such a
garden, everything,
yes the experience is almost the same
and you know that there is also tinkering when we go out, so
look at this,
oh brother, look at this,
guys, what have you become? You
know everything is tanned.
Brother, see how much difference there is.
That's what has happened because of going out.
I am
not able to get rid of tanning.
Come let's sit inside.
Sitting inside?
Yes. Sometimes I just feel like
coming out or looking in front. It’s
fun. Come.
Come on friend, let's finalize the trip.
But still we will go to
some nice place with the whole family. So let's
decide that for now. Kunal's
exams are also going on right now. Yes, the main thing is that he
can go only after his exams are over
and the problem with so many people is
that sometimes someone is free and sometimes someone is
not, so we will have to make
a timing according to everyone, everyone should be free here
let's see, whatever happens, I will tell you
soon and guys, look, I have been using this phone since yesterday
and I have
not needed to charge it because
it has a big battery of 6500 mAh
and even if the battery gets low then it
comes with 44 watt flash charging
which means it gets charged very quickly
brother and along with that, if someone else's phone gets
discharged then it has reverse
charging. So brother, if any phone gets
discharged then you
can charge it by connecting it to this. Let me
show you how to charge it. Give me your phone.
So look, I have these two phones. So
we need this C to C cable. So first I am
installing it in IQ Z1 Lite. And then
in Avantia's phone. Now you will see that Avantiya's
phone will start charging. And
guys it also has a super battery saver mode.
So, if there is 1% charging in it, then
brother, we can talk on the phone for 30 minutes.
Isn't it crazy? So if you also want to take it then
I am putting the link in the description.
Definitely check it out. ico Z1 Lite. So
guys, it's about to be 10:00 PM.
And we are going to drink milk. Look guys, I am drinking milk right now.
Stop, stop right now. We will know in a while.
When all the lights in the entire house are switched off. The
whole house will be dark.
Brother.
And we'll play hide and seek at night.
So brother, are you excited?
too much.
So brother, we are going to turn off all the lights in the entire house. We are going to
darken the entire house
and play.
Hide and seek.
Hide and seek with the whole family. Will it be
fun, Dada? So brother, it is going to be a lot of fun
because we have played it many times during the day
but have never played it at night till date,
brother. I've never played in the dark.
So let's see brother, what kind of experience you have.
Come Sahil Piyush, everyone come.
I will not give.
He is so scared that he doesn't
go to the bathroom alone.
Alexa, turn off all the lights. Let
them come down first, how?
All the lights have not been switched off yet. Now it will have to be
closed there. Mom, the camera is
burnt. The cameras will have to be turned off.
Brother, turn off all the lights in the house.
Guys, all the lights are not going off yet.
We have sensor lights, so if the lights are
not turning off then we will have to do some jugaad.
Kunal Kunal, aren't you scared?
Otherwise, are
you afraid of the dark?
Hey, I will go and hide with someone else for a while. So,
Mom, don't you feel scared in the dark?
No. Are you
ready, all the lights are about to go off?
Ready.
So brother, all the lights are going to be switched off? Do it
brother. Do
it. Turn off the lights. Yes. Yes.
Guys, these camera lights are not turning off.
One two three four five six
see all the lights. So guys finally the whole house is
dark. We have turned off all the lights
and now I will go outside and I will
count to 100 and the whole family will hide.
Come on brothers, all of you hide. Ok? Get out. Are you feeling
scared?
No.
Sure? [laughter] So right now
I'm going out of the house. And it is
completely dark outside too, brother. Look,
this has happened for the first time today, there is complete
darkness inside the house. Look how scary he looks brother.
Finally, I saw the lights outside the house. Let me
count now. One two three four five six seven
eight. The
dolls put manicures here, right?
Puppets, yes. Let's get the dolls. Come on.
And we will not make them stand here. They will
feel like they don't know who is doing this.
Who is this?
Where are the rest of the people?
Hey Kunali is here.
And here is uncle.
Hey, who is this?
What are you doing?
What have you done?
Hey who is this? This is the elder father. [laughter]
Hey, what are you doing? Yellow. You hold this.
Yellow. Grab this. Candle in your hand.
I will burn it. Yellow. To confuse me,
elder father wore the saree so
quickly. So that it appears that she is the elder mother. Oh brother, it's
dangerous. Hey hey hey hey hey hey [laughs]
what's wrong?
Guys, I am hiding in the temple and
I will put my hair in front of me. I have lit the candle.
Brother, it feels very strange to
see the house in such darkness. Guys, it's finally
time. Let's go now. I
gave a little more time because it may take
some time to hide in the dark. So let's go
inside. In the dark. Let's see
who gets caught first brother.
Everyone listen. I am coming.
Hey, what is this?
Hey, what has he done? A statue has been placed
here. Brother, I got scared after seeing this.
Hey, who's making noise? Hey, don't make any
noise.
Hey, don't make any noise. Hey, who is lying there?
Hey, why are you playing ghostly sounds?
Guys is driving the ghostly sound.
Hey, what is there?
Hey, don't do this, friend.
And who is this here?
Who is lying here? Aunt
Aunt Ice.
Brother, I am feeling scared. Oye is
playing hide and seek. We are not playing any ghost game.
What is this in your hand?
Who is he? Who is in the temple?
Oreo
brother, even Oreo looks scary today.
Oreo's eyes are also shining. Brother, I am feeling very scared.
Who is this? Aunt Ice Bice. Is
n't the baby also a puppet?
This is also a dummy, brother. How
scary it looks. Look how
these people have laid it out. Brother, there should be complete peace inside the house.
Which got torn brother in the darkness.
Look, I am sweating.
Brother, don't do this. We're playing high end seek.
You are scaring me. It just
came up. Hey, I am
really feeling very scared, friend. Please don't do this.
Who is he?
Hey, what are you throwing from above, friend? First I will
catch the one from the temple, brother. Not even one was
caught, friend. This is a very difficult challenge.
Who is laughing inside it?
Hey, is anyone here?
Hey, who is that in the costume? I am
not able to understand this either. I don't know who is here either.
Who could this guy in the costume be? It will
either be Sahil or Piyush. One
of the two will definitely be the one in costume.
Hey friend,
who is this? [crying sound]
Hey Avantika Spice Avant Dikha Spice.
Oh brother, what are you doing? [laughter]
What is it? Now sit quietly here.
[laughter] Don't scare me now. Sit quietly
here. Sit with a candle in your hand.
Brother, I have kept such things for you.
You will not be able to find it.
But you have made this a ghostly challenge. Are
?
No problem. This is how it will be, then high and
seek at night.
Come on guys, let's go upstairs now. Let's look up to see if
anyone is there. Well, at least one person has been caught,
Avantika.
Brother, what was that?
What happened?
Someone had entered inside the wall. Is there
anyone inside it?
Kunali Ice Pieces. Kunalli Ice Pieces Kunalli, I
saw Kunalli.
Kunalli drink ice pie
sir friend hey friend
you are saved friend
[laughs] it was
good brother
son Kunalli you get scared you would have run away [laughs] I am
telling you the truth I started
crying where are the rest of the people where are the rest of the people
hiding please please please
brother it is Piyush it is Piyush right
who is Piyush [laughs]
Ji Spice
brother how was he scaring brother what was he scaring you
see
Amma are
you also scaring you he scares like this how what will you do how how you get
scared by saying how
look guys to scare
Dada ji you are so cute friend you are
so cute
Dada ji look friend in all the ways you are hiding?
Ice vice,
lie down here.
Found it.
Elder father, elder mother and aunt are left.
Three remained. Yes
friend, this made me laugh. [laughter] Man, that was really
funny. Hey friend, what is this
? Guys this item is family. What
is this? Big Papa is here. Big mommy is here.
Stop, stop, don't move, don't move, don't move.
What is this?
Hey friend, what is this? Big dad, get up. Big
mom, get up friend. What is this? What have you become
? [laughter]
Hey man,
what happened? He
is the elder father.
This is elder father only. Is
n't he elder father? He
is the elder father.
Oh, you look so funny, man. You
look very funny. But it was great. Was. It was
great. Good.
So, are you also wearing a saree?
Where from? Where is aunty? Wait, I have to find aunty.
Aunty was left last. Yes. There is
no one in the lift.
Aunty, he is not in the cars. Brother, I am not able to find aunty.
Brother, come, come.
Where was brother? Was
here. Let's finish the challenge. Turn on the light.
Turn on all the lights.
Hey brother
brother, finally the lights are on and for
a while brother I was so scared,
I was so scared as soon as I
entered the house, whatever they did here, there is a sound coming from upstairs, there is a
sound coming from there, someone is
standing with a candle, someone is dressed as a gorilla,
what is someone doing, brother it was a full scary scene
but I enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed
watching it, guys, now let's all go to sleep, so
good night,
good night to everyone, good night [laughs] I enjoyed it
brother,
sweet dreams, you
know a gorilla will come to your head. So for
now I will end this vlog. I
hope you liked it. If you like it then please like it. Please
subscribe to the channel.
See you in the next vlog. Thank you so much
for watching. Bye.
