I recently went on my first trip I recently went on my first trip I recently went on my first trip without my family at the age of 17 and this without my family at the age of 17 and this without my family at the age of 17 and this is what it taught me.  First Not Everything is what it taught me.  First Not Everything is what it taught me.  First Not Everything Goes According to the Plan and it's Goes According to the Plan and it's Goes According to the Plan and it's [music] okay.  Like we had a whole itery [music] okay.  Like we had a whole itery [music] okay.  Like we had a whole itery plan but so many things never even plan but so many things never even plan but so many things never even [music] happened.  And some how, despite all these things, [music] happened.  And some how, despite all these things, [music] happened.  And some how, despite all these things, our trip was quite good. our trip was quite good. our trip was quite good. Second is overpacking.  Like I packed so many Second is overpacking.  Like I packed so many Second is overpacking.  Like I packed so many outfits for every possible occasion, but outfits for every possible occasion, but outfits for every possible occasion, but the thing is, half of them didn't even make it out of my suitcase. the thing is, half of them didn't even make it out of my suitcase. the thing is, half of them didn't even make it out of my suitcase. Third, sometimes Third, sometimes Third, sometimes [music] a sunset is better than spending [music] a sunset is better than spending [music] a sunset is better than spending your time at an aesthetic cafe.  Because that your time at an aesthetic cafe.  Because that your time at an aesthetic cafe.  Because that evening reminded me not every moment evening reminded me not every moment evening reminded me not every moment needs to be rushed.  [Music] Sometimes it's needs to be rushed.  [Music] Sometimes it's needs to be rushed.  [Music] Sometimes it's okay to pause and simply enjoy where you are. okay to pause and simply enjoy where you are. okay to pause and simply enjoy where you are. And lastly, the best memories don't need to be And lastly, the best memories don't need to be And lastly, the best memories don't need to be fancy.  Like, we had places to fancy.  Like, we had places to fancy.  Like, we had places to save every morning for our breakfast. save every morning for our breakfast. save every morning for our breakfast. But we ended up cooking Rams at R BnB. But we ended up cooking Rams at R BnB. But we ended up cooking Rams at R BnB. Looking back to those simple breakfasts are one Looking back to those simple breakfasts are one Looking back to those simple breakfasts are one of my favourite memories from the trip.  Two I thought I would come back of my favourite memories from the trip.  Two I thought I would come back of my favourite memories from the trip.  Two I thought I would come back with just photos and with just photos and with just photos and videos but I came back with memories, little videos but I came back with memories, little videos but I came back with memories, little stories and so much confidence.