It's 12 o'clock on a Wednesday and this is the Wizzer product review. I'm Dave. I'm Greg. And on this week's show. On this week's show we have got another book test. It's negative straight away. Book tests are like buses. You wait ages for the book. Book tests are a staple of modern mentalism. And maybe that's what is wrong with mentalism. And just about every single top mentalist in the world features a book test and once you've found one that works for you, you get great reactions every time. And I think the most top mentalist have already found one that works for them. So why keep bringing others out? I mean come on, we've had True Test, we've had David Coase. You can say that about any magic. Yeah, that coin magic. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Coins across. Yeah, but I'm sure everybody's got a coins across they use. Yes they do. How many times do you come in here, Dave, I've got this new handling for coins across. Lots, lots, lots of times. But the difference is that's evolving the premise of the actual trick. You're telling me that that book test isn't made up of basically principles that have been out before just blown up together into one book. Well that's what the following thing is. Is there anything new in this book test at all? Yes, it's combining so many principles. Shall we do it? Yeah. Shall we get it off the sticks, Jon? We can argue about this later. You're so negative. I've got an argument for this. Oh come on. I have. Oh by the way, before he actually gets it off the sticks, this is called Babel, the ultimate book test by Vincent Hadam. Shall we do it? Just give it a chat. You already like going you won't like this. You won't like this. You won't like this. No, this is good. If you hadn't got a book, look, take a book. Right. Stop now. You've got to perform it. I don't even know. You're performing it. Yeah, no, but you can't be, you've got to perform like a spectator. Don't be negative. Okay. Right. So you've got to pull the pages, just check through and make sure they're all different. Very professional, spinning it around for the camera. Here you go. That's what happens in the fifth take. You figure this stuff out. If Jon will stop turning the camera off or is actually getting it off the sticks. Exactly. Well, that's fact, isn't it? Yeah. Right. Now what I'm going to do, I'm going to flick through like this. Now I'm not going to look over other words here. I'm not going to look over. I'm going to go pretty slow. That's not because I want you to stop in the first part of the book. So when you say stop, you stop. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. So I'll go through, just say stop. Okay. It's only a 30 minute show. Stop. You happy there? Yes. Or back one? I keep going one more. One more. That's good. You happy there? Yeah, I'm happy there. Look at the first word on that page. I'll look the other way. See if Jon can see that as well. Can you see the first word? Yeah. Right. Keep that word. Right. Keep that word in your mind. Okay. Right now. See the word in your mind like a big cinema screen? Yep. A huge cinema screen and picture the word on the cinema screen. Mm hmm. No capital letters. It's a good bit, though, isn't it? See the word in your mind? Got it. Got it. Got it. You're pretty good at this. It's good, isn't it? It is. It's good. Yes. It's good. It is good. First word on the page is good. Yeah. Take the book yourself. Let's try this. Flick through and just go to any page at all. Absolutely any page. Okay. And what I want you to do, just look at the top line of that page. I'll look away while you do that. Okay. Look at the top line of that page. And just read that line out loud to me, that top line. Some guys lie. And I am the same. When the day came for me. Is that it? That one, Gary, I don't know if you want me to, but that's the first line. Some guys lie. I am the same. When the day came for me. Okay. Look at the page number, that page. Yeah. And focus just on the page number. Now you open that book any way you like. Yes, I did, yeah. And it's different words on every page. You can look through to the next page if you like. There's a different top line and that sort of thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So think of the page number. Got it. Is it 172? Yes, it is. 172. And actually, you open that book any way you like. Yes, I do. It's on page 172. Is that the start of a new page? Yes. Is that the start of a new chapter? Is that a new chapter in that page? Yes, it is. Is it chapter... See the chapter number in your mind? Yeah. I'm seeing a two-digit number. Is it 18? Chapter 18? Yes, it is. Cool. Anywhere you like, you can either stick on that page or change your mind if you like. What I want you to do is pick a big word. A big, big word. Okay. Got it. And... Yep. See, can you see the big word? Like a big cinema screen. I'm going to draw the cinema screen in my mind right now. I'm getting the impression of a T. No. Right. Okay. What I want you to do is completely dismiss everything that I got you to read before. Okay. Okay. Dismiss all that. You know when I got you to read the top line? Dismiss that and just focus just on this word right now. Okay. Yeah. Okay. There's an A. Yes. There's a P. Yes. There's a C. Yes. There's an E in that word as well? No, there's not. That's weird because when you actually say it to yourself, when you're saying the word in your mind, it sounds like there should be an E. Is that right? Yeah. When you actually say it in your mind? Yeah. Is the word... Just get all these letters in the right order. They come to me in a weird order, but is it cappuccino? Yes, it is. There you go. There you go. Come on! Come on! Craig! Look. Come on! That's good! It is. It is good. It is good. No, it's good. It's good. Yeah. It's good. It's good. Good. Is that it? There's nothing new to it really, is there? Oh, there's loads of stuff you can do with this. Okay, look, the first revelation that you did when you flipped through the book, correct? That's the flashback principle. Yeah, he's got permission to include that. That's the flashback principle, right? Yeah. That's not new to this project. That is not a new thing. He hasn't involved with it. Nobody's taken something that's been around for years. I use the master key. I would love for the flashback principle to be included in the master key test as well. Right. But it's not. But I would love it to be. Yeah. Right? Okay. So I'm just trying to find... Ulysses, that's what I did for you. Scrabble was kind of like what I did there with the calling out letters. What's the memory word I've done it? It's tough. It's tough. There's nothing wrong. Yeah, I couldn't get to grips with a few bits of it, but there's about six or seven different effects. You can look at the ad copy if you want some more information. Look, this is what I think. There are a million book tests out there. Yeah. There are a lot of really nice impromptu book tests out there where you could literally have the spectator bring the book to the theater with you. These two have got the Hoy principle as well. Okay. Yeah. But there's loads of really nice impromptu book tests that you could literally have a spectator give you a book. Yeah. Now, there's some nice stuff in here. But the price? You've got to talk about the price. It's over 200 pounds for a book test for three books and an instruction manual teaching you how to do it. It's not easy. It's very, very difficult. It's going to take a very strong performer in order to put it across correctly. But it could be. There's a lot of memory work. I think it's a little bit better than the master key because it's got all the features of the master key. Well, you do the master key, don't you? Yeah. Would you buy and do that? Are you going to buy that? Be honest. I've done the master key now for about 15 years. So you're not going to change. No. So you were right what you said before. But if I was considering a book test and buying one again for the first time, I wouldn't be disappointed if I had that. And you want to spend 200 pounds. And I do like that. What I think is I don't understand the market. And let me explain this to you. The price of this book test is not for amateurs. No. It's for professionals. Yeah. You're a professional that use a book test. Yeah. You're happy with your book test. Yeah. So you don't want to buy another one because you're happy. Most professionals are going to be happy. Yeah, but I was also a professional at one time that wanted to put a book test in and in which case this is fantastic. Yeah. Yeah, I understand. So I would use it. If you said to me right now, you've got to stop using the master key and start using that. I'd be like, I'd be like having my arm cut off, but I could still perform with the other arm. Yeah. Yeah. Totally get you. Totally get you. And I understand the thing I've got against it is the master kit. The master key is a lot easier to, to, to do than that. I mean, there's just so many things. Yes, it's very, very good. Yes. There's a lot of principles built in and you can build it as a higher act around it. But you say that. You say that. You say that difficult. It does a lot of memory work. You say that build an entire act around it. I think a lot of people, they get something like this and they do like loads of stuff from it. And I think they make that mistake rather than doing too strong bits from it and moving on and perhaps giving away a book to a member of the audience at the end, which you can do with something like this. They go through and they look at a page number 53, 54, go to another book and then you reveal that and then sign it and give it away or something. So you can make a whole thing out of it. I do think it's good. I think it's very expensive for what it is, but I do think it's good. I'm going to give it 82% and I wish, I wish it was a lot cheaper, but I do think it's good. The price has got to mark it down for me. And also the fact that there's other book tests available that are cheaper that might not have as much stuff in, but are still very, very good, but a lot better value for money. I just want to say as well before you mark it, the books are excellent quality. You'd have to distress them, but the books that you get with it to practice with, they're excellent quality. If you want to spend 200 pounds on a book test, great, buy it. It's good. It's going to take a lot of practice and I think there's better options out there, 60%. Here we go then guys. I've been waiting for this one. It's really one of those days today. It really is. It really is. Don't be negative. What's up with him? What's up with him? What's up with him? He doesn't give this news. You get days like this on the Wizard Product Review where you come in and you just know by the look on Dave and John's face that I'm going to be forced to look at something that's completely total tat. And today is that day. Hang on. You've got to look at it. What? He's not even giving it a chance. He won't even let me see it before your hand. I know when I'm not allowed to look at a trick before the filming of the show it's because he wants to see me getting all worked off when I see it for the first time. Hang on. You did this to me last week. When? You did it to me on the review last week. I can't remember the words. Oh yeah, the Woody Aragon thing. Yeah. Yeah, but only because like a different situation. It wasn't Woody's things not rubbish. Even Blammo is scared of it. Blammo. Come on. Up here. I'm going to do it. Oh here we go. Right, go on then. Now. Just look at the packaging. Quality stuff. It's by Alan Wong. Shuffle the cards. Remember you shuffle the cards Craig. Yeah. Going to get it off the stakes in a minute. Any deck. Any deck. Any time. Right, have enough. As long as you have your word with you. You want to get it off the stakes John? Any deck, any time as long as you have your word of the word. Right, you ready? I'll flick to it. Say stop. Stop. Remember that one? Yeah. Say it John. Now. Here's the thing. I'm going to let you shuffle those cards. Okay. Yeah. No running my thumb down the side or anything like that. Is that included in the introductions? No. Are they going to have to buy the executive wallet to learn this handling? Right, you happy? Yeah. I'm just going to take out some random cards. Oh, you're going to get the card. Yeah. Right, you happy? Yeah. I'm just going to take out some random cards Craig. Okay. Just as I go through. Yeah, let's take out some random cards. There's a couple more. These are completely random. I'm not making anything up or anything like that. Not even better. I thought you pommed it out. Right, just some random cards. I'm going to put them down. Like this. Different parts of the table. Now, can I say guys, right, this table is not gaffed in any way. Right? There's no gaffing on the table. That's right, isn't it? Yeah. I think that's important to mention that. Right. Now you're ready for this Craig. What I want you to do, just think your card. Okay. Right. And. It looks like it's been dark. Touch it. It's taken me ages to tame him. Right. He's just going to look. Is that meant to be a word? Look into his eyes. Think you can't. No Craig, look. Deep into his eyes, into his bright blue eyes. Concentrate. Yeah. Concentrate on your card. If that's a worm, I wouldn't like to see the tequila bottle it came out of. Right. You ready? Really. Now, I don't know the card, remember? Oh yeah. But he's read your mind. So he knows the card now. Okay. He actually knows the card. Right. And concentrate on the card. Concentrate. Concentrate. Concentrate. No. Concentrate. Oh. He's found one card. Is that the card? And look, look, look, look. You're thinking I've rigged it. Look, no. Amazing. Look, he just knows it's that card. He's always going to go to it. Look. All the time he knows it's that card. All right, boy. All right. Calm down. Calm down. It's terrible. Oh my gosh. Look, 3D. For those of you with 3D, check this out. Oh, he's gone away now. There you go. Now. I've got the instructions. It doesn't come with a DVD. All right. Why am I not surprised? He's got the instructions. Right. Contents. He's highlighted the instructions. You highlighted the instructions. Yeah, I've highlighted the instructions. Content. This is the latest micro electric gadget. It's the latest micro... It's a toy. I'm sure. I was at Birmingham rag market the other day. I'm sure I saw one of these on a toy little section. This is a toy. Right. Hang on. Is it made in China? Well, there you go. Now, you can control it from your pocket, which you can't actually because we tried it and it wouldn't work. You can control it by crossing your arms or you can control it with a hidden assistant who's watching the security camera. Thank you, Mark. Right. Now that explains why your hands hurt. Okay, right. No problem. But we tried it in the pocket as well. It didn't work. It didn't work. So really, you've got to cross your arms and how big is the... I bet it's like really tiny and micro, so it's easy to... No. How big is it? No, it's quite big. It's about this big, something like that. Really? Yeah. Quite big. Right. And there's some advice. You know, you get good constructive advice. Best use for a close-up performance. I'm glad to have said that because if the hand points in their hand, I've tried to put it in an illusion show. You know you got in the new iPhone? Yeah. So how much talk time has that got? A lot, I don't know. 20 minutes of continuous movement. 20 minutes of continuous movement. Have you tried that out? And it does actually give you some extra advice as well. If the worm doesn't move, probably it's due to battery drain. They're quite comprehensive, the instructions. And yeah, you've basically got to work out a routine for yourself. And it does say on there, magicians, so that's you guys, magicians will find many creative ways to use their Wonderworm. In fact, I think that's a challenge right there. No, hang on. That's a challenge. That's a challenge. There's magicians everywhere to post on our Facebook, to actually post on here. And perhaps the winner could have a go at the Wizard Wheel. Okay. Yeah. So they have to post on Facebook a creative way. So they've got to post on Facebook. The most creative way of using this worm. Yes. And the best, most creative way is going to get to use the Wizard Wheel. Yeah, keep it clean. Right. Can I talk about what I think about this now? Yeah, go on. How much is it, Jon? 20 pounds. It's how much? 20 pounds. It's 20 pounds. Yeah. 20 quid. You get the instructions, right? 20 quid. No DVD. It might look like a toy to you, but that turns into a miracle, that information there. No, no, no, no. It is a toy. It is a toy. It's a toy that you can have in a toy shop. And what they've done is they've just printed some one-sided A4 instructions out and just bundled it all together. In your opinion. I can't believe that the guy that bought out the sponge tennis balls has lowered himself to this. Unbelievable. That's just your opinion. No, this is terrible. This is just dreadful. This is another thing that makes, this is the reason why magicians are looked at by laymen as bottom feeders and the worst of the entertainment ladder. This is the reason why people laugh at magicians and magic isn't considered an art. It's because of crap like this that gets bought out that keeps us in the dark ages rather than being taken as serious artists. An actual artistic, you know, thing. We bring out rubbish like this and go, hey, look at my worm. Look at it go around the table and look at it find cards. You ever going to do that ever? I mean, obviously it says you can't do it in your illusion show. So forget that. Close up only. Are you ever going to do it in your close up ever? And don't give me the whole kids crap. Don't give me the whole, there's a right time, right place for something and it doesn't matter. There's always a right. No, there is no right time or right place for that. How much are you going to give it? 5%. It would be 0%. I'm giving it 5%. I think it'd be quite funny to scare my dogs. That's the only reason. Right. I'm not going to mark it. So I'm not sure I'm on the fence. You're on the fence. Look at it. How can you be on the fence? How is it possible to be on the fence about this? I'm going to wait for some more creative magicians out there. Magicians will find creative ways to use that. And I believe in you guys that you can come up with creative ways to use this. I believe in you. I believe in you. And Craig, I'm just going to end this by saying. The magic is in the performer. Go for it. Thank you. So the final review. We're actually going to look at something decent now as opposed to the first two products. The... Go on then. Okay. We're going to look at something decent now. Big Black Media have obviously over the years released some amazing DVDs. This I was speaking to Owen the other day. Right. And he said... You're name dropper you. Yeah, I know. You're name dropper. I'm so impressed. Owen. No. I was speaking to Owen the other day and he told me that this DVD, the ultimate self-working DVD that Big Black Media have just bought out, it is the best selling DVD that they have ever bought out in the history of their company. It's going to be in the chart, John? I've looked at the figures. Do you know? No, he doesn't need to know because he's going to get a master class. He's going to get a lesson in how to do the chart show properly. He's going to get a lesson in how to please the people. You're never going to be able to do another chart show again because once I've done this one they're going to be begging. They're going to be on their hands and knees wanting me to do it from now on because it's not just going to be the chart. It's going to be a dose of honesty. But yeah. This week, this week on the same day as the chart show, anything else going on 30th of September? Oh, that would be lads. Yeah. The lads convention as well. It's a convention at the same time. I nearly forgot to mention that. Yeah. Oh yeah, actually I did as well. Before we do talk about this, big blind media are going to be there. Liam is going to be on the stand and he's going to be probably doing stuff off this. And we've got a whole stack of other dealers. But more importantly, it's all about the lecturers at lads. And we've got Francis Manotti, Mr. Treasury, Mr. Treachery of Trix. We've got the effing coin guys, Raymond and Clemen. Yeah. And it's Philippe and Clemen. Okay. Where did I get Raymond from? I don't know. And we've got, and finally we've got D Christopher. I'm looking forward to D's lecture. Yeah. What's he lecturing on? Mentalism, mental bending. Mental sense really, doesn't it? Yeah. Out of style of your hair? Yeah, yeah, actually. Yeah. I don't know. Wearing all this will be covered. Wearing black and nail varnish in public and making it look good. He's already responded to you saying about that on the show. On Facebook he said something about that. I can't remember what it is. Oh, awesome. Yeah. Maybe you should have a masterclass on it. See, if you're watching this, I want you to get with me at lads and I want you to make me, I want to look like you, Dave. Have you got a room? I want to look like you. I want you to take me to one side and I want to be a mini me. I want to be a D Christopher clone. Maybe you can teach me. I want to be goth-ed. I'll tell you what. Goth me up. You're going to need a book test. It won't be that one. Right, so. Anyway, yeah. A bit about the DVD. Right, a bit about the DVD. Big Blind Media, say no more. The quality is excellent. Yeah, you've got Liam performing on there. You've got Ian Moran performing on there. You've got a whole bunch of people performing on there. Very good performances. I would say we want to get it off the stick, so we're not going to talk about it too much. The location, it's in the barn and that kind of thing. Great shots. Everything's perfect. You know, it's big blind media. Three standout routines. Yes, three standout routines. You've got the Jeopardy. Yeah, Shuffleboard by Simon Aronson. I call it Jeopardy because that's the thing off the Paul Grudney. He's been given permission to obviously include Shuffleboard by Simon Aronson, which is well categorized. We both love it. Fantastic. Wonderful routine. It blows people away. It really does. It blows people away. Then you've got... That is the ultimate Piper Snippers thing, along with like an Out of This World, I reckon. Definitely. The other thing that you've got, which is very, very good, is Henry Sugar by Liam. Yeah, that was a bit... It's quite a long routine, isn't it? I've got to tell you something. It's baffling. I remember sitting at the session convention with Liam and Owen about four years ago, and Owen was begging Liam to put this on DVD, and Liam kept saying no, because Liam released this as a pamphlet years and years and years ago. I think that Owen's been trying to get Liam to release this for years. I don't know what Owen's done to actually get him to release it and get him to agree, but he's finally put it on DVD, and I think Henry Sugar is amazing. Basically, the spectator shuffles the cards multiple times throughout the routine. Yeah, they do. Yeah, multiple times the cards are shuffled. And yet you're able, over and over again with your back turn, to tell the spectator the cards that they're thinking of over and over and over again. They just look at it, but they could just peek it. Yeah, and you're not looking at the deck. You could easily put that into a presentation like about poker, wouldn't it be good to be able to just look at a card and that kind of thing? Definitely. It's very, very strong indeed. In fact, before we actually perform this, the one thing I will say is when I saw a ultimate self-working card tricks DVD, I was worried there was going to be a lot of procedure and a lot of counting because normally a lot of the self-working card tricks I've seen, it makes 16 piles, now do this, now do this. I thought that as well. But it's not the case. They've actually found good self-working card tricks that would happily fit into the act of a professional magician, even if you traditionally only do slight of hand. There are more pipe and slippers effects by nature rather than hard hitting, do this, do that. Yeah. You know where I think they'd be best. If you've already done some slight of hand and then you slip this in, and you just blow people away, it really would. Well, you'd better do something then. I think, yeah, I'm going to perform one of the routines. As it glenses over at the clock and realises we're going. I'm going to move this slightly. This is called, I think it's called Calling Colors or Colors Called or something like that. John, can you get off the sticks for me? This is probably my favourite routine of the whole DVD set. I think this is very, very good. I think shuffleboard is, but that's because I'm slightly biased. You're a huge fan of shuffleboard and there's a couple of jokers there that we don't need. Okay, so the idea is really simple, Dave. Everybody has a favourite playing card. Everybody has a favourite playing card. I'm sure you do as well. I have a favourite playing card. I'm going to take my... Do you, John? I'm going to take my favourite playing card out. I know. I do have a favourite playing card. I'm going to show you. This is my favourite playing card. It is the Four of Hearts. That is my favourite card. For doing one. Yeah, for doing one, yeah. I'm going to leave the Four of Hearts there in the middle of the deck so you can see that it's face up in a face down pack. Yep. Fair? Now, you're going to pick a card for me, Dave. It's as fair as we can. Normally, when a magician ripples his thumb down the deck, that's considered a little bit dodgy because as magicians, we know the sneaky stuff that can happen. I want you to have a good look and just say stop for me. Stop? Now, you can see right there that I'm stopping right where you said stop. Yeah, yeah. And in fact, I'm making it even fairer. I'm going to spread these out and you just take any one of those cards. Right, okay. That is fair, right? Yeah. Show the camera. Remember it yourself. Okay, you've done that. You got the card, John? Yep. Good. Okay, you're good. All right. Yep. Yep. There. Is that fair? Yeah. That's about as fair as you're going to get really, isn't it? We'll give the cards a couple of cards just to make sure they're lost. Okay. Now, I want you to have half the deck. I'm going to have half the deck. So, I'm going to take 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26. 26 cards. You take 26. Now, what I want you to do, just hold them like this as if you're about to deal. Okay. And we're going to deal cards at the same time. I'm going to deal one, you're going to deal one. So, we're making two piles. Right. Okay, but deal them face down, so a face down card. And we're going to do it in time. And when we see the face up card, just stop dealing. Cool. Stop. So, that was the face up card. Oh. Okay. Right. I thought I was looking for one. No, that's fair. That's fair. That's okay. All right. Okay. Okay. So, basically, we dealt in time. Yeah. And when we saw the face up card, we stopped. And when we saw the face up card, we thought, well, think about this. You could have took any card. You took it from any position. I spent the cards out. You put it back in the pack yourself. We cut it into the deck. You dealt through the cards yourself. Here's the face up four of hearts. And what was the name of your card? Three of hearts. The three of hearts. All right. But, no, that's coincidence. Yeah. That's coincidence. This is weird. Think about all the cutting. Think about all the shuffling. And think about all the mixing up. And yet, we've ended up with four cards here. We've ended up with the ace of clubs. We've ended up with the ace of hearts. We've ended up with the ace of diamonds. And we've ended up with the ace of spades. Of course, the really weird thing about this is over here with the ace of hearts, we've got nothing but red cards. Over here with the ace of diamonds, we've got nothing but red cards. Over here with the ace of clubs, that would be all black cards. And finally, with the ace of spades, all black. It is good, isn't it? You know what? It's fantastic. But you know what's great about it? The setup, and Mark Lavelle pointed out this to me. Yeah. This is fantastic. You know, we released the Spiral Principle and Beyond by Stephen Leithwaite. The setup for this is automatically got into at the end of Beyond. So you can perform Stephen Leithwaite's Beyond. And then you can go into this and do this as an extra kicker as well. Or you can do this first and then go into Beyond. But I think that this is such a strong routine. Especially if you're wanting to find four aces. You could do this in a four ace location. I was going to say, what a great way to go into panic is what I was going to say. Yeah, it really is. And that kind of thing. It's really nice. There's so many nice things on the DVD. It's a great DVD. You are going to get something out of it. You are going to get something out of it that I believe you're going to work. Yeah. I think it's Worker of the Week. I think it's definitely going to be Worker of the Week. I normally don't do self-working tricks. I do out of this world, but that's about it. But I normally do... We're going to do Worker of the Week. To go with it, can we have a Worker's Special on... How about locked in a room without... Well, we could do, but rather than locked in a room without... Jon has shared it behind the camera. How about Beyond? Beyond. Yeah, absolutely. Beyond and the Spiral Principle. Spiral Principle's self-working. Beyond fits perfectly with that routine on there. Which is one of the strongest routines on the DVD. I was trying to think of a card DVD of yours sort of thing. But yeah, of course. The thing with locked in a room is there's a lot of slight of hand in it. But it's the perfect match for this. Because a lot of the stuff on the Spiral Principle Beyond is self-working. It fits perfectly in with this project. And Beyond, and this routine, could literally be done hand in hand. And you've got to kill a 10 minute set that you could do with virtually no practice. That's cool. We can do that, Jon. Before 12 o'clock on Friday. So order before 12 o'clock on Friday and you will get Beyond shipped free of charge. With any order of ultimate self-working. I already use Shuffleboard. So I'm going to take it as if I hadn't got the DVD. I didn't know anything about Shuffleboard. And I was buying this for the first time. And I would be like, wow, I've got to use that. So it is going to go into my working set. I'm going to assume that it's something that's in my working set. So I've got to give it a good review. If you've not got that routine, it's worth the price of the DVD as far as I'm concerned. I'm going to give the whole thing 93%. I think it's excellent. Very well shot. Very well produced. There's no filler trick in there. Everything deserves to be on the DVD. If you're a good performer, you can make all these tricks miracles. You really can. I'm going to start using Henry Sugar. Shuffleboard I use. This I'm going to start using. Impossible by Larry Jennings is on. There's some great stuff. I'm going to give this 95%. I think it's excellent. I didn't think I was going to like it that much as well. But just the stuff on it, you go, actually, that is good. Hang on. I can't tell what he's doing there. How did that work? And you have to watch the explanation. Of course. There's so many things in there. It is very good. Very well produced DVD. And kind of surprised me, really. I thought I was going to be a little bit disappointed. It was going to be a little bit of a lonely thing. But it was a lot better than I thought. That's it this week for the wizard party. This is going out Wednesday before that. So for a lot of you, we'll see you on Sunday. See you on Sunday. Francis Monoty is getting picked up tomorrow at the airport. Yes. The Epic Coin Guys will be on their way as we speak. And I hope a lot of you are coming to play PayPal. Because that's going to be a lot of fun. As I said before, and I'll say it again. Team WMS. A lot. Loaded and ready to go. Can you take this off? See you next week.