that long to get to the next street?  That's why that long to get to the next street?  That's why that long to get to the next street?  That's why I bought the car.  Why are I bought the car.  Why are I bought the car.  Why are you crying over this tin can?  This is why you crying over this tin can?  This is why you crying over this tin can?  This is why you are late too. you are late too. you are late too. What's the point of buying a can of petrol? My car What's the point of buying a can of petrol? My car What's the point of buying a can of petrol? My car runs 60 kilometers per liter.  Is your car runs 60 kilometers per liter.  Is your car runs 60 kilometers per liter.  Is your car running?  I'll get stuck in a traffic jam running?  I'll get stuck in a traffic jam running?  I'll get stuck in a traffic jam .  Did you go?  If my car had been parked, I would have pedaled .  Did you go?  If my car had been parked, I would have pedaled home.  Can you do it? What is a flash drive? What is a flash drive? What is a flash drive? Not true. Not true. Not true. Go and water the plant.   Is Go and water the plant.   Is Go and water the plant.   Is Karthik not home today? Karthik not home today? Karthik not home today? Since I got married, my freedom Since I got married, my freedom Since I got married, my freedom [music] has been gone.  This is what he says. [music] has been gone.  This is what he says. [music] has been gone.  This is what he says. What are you doing?   Did What are you doing?   Did What are you doing?   Did you take a sugar pill with coffee?   Did you take a sugar pill with coffee?   Did you take a sugar pill with coffee?   Did you take a sugar pill? you take a sugar pill? you take a sugar pill? Wait, wait, first go inside and take the pill Wait, wait, first go inside and take the pill Wait, wait, first go inside and take the pill .  Then drink coffee.   Okay .  Then drink coffee.   Okay .  Then drink coffee.   Okay . . . Hey Karthi, where are the sugar pills Hey Karthi, where are the sugar pills Hey Karthi, where are the sugar pills ?   Is ?   Is ?   Is that something a stranger should ask?  Karthi, I'll that something a stranger should ask?  Karthi, I'll that something a stranger should ask?  Karthi, I'll spray it myself. spray it myself. spray it myself. Your husband told you when you were newly married Your husband told you when you were newly married Your husband told you when you were newly married .  You've arrived at Raghu's mother's place .  You've arrived at Raghu's mother's place .  You've arrived at Raghu's mother's place . . . Let's just say we don't know. Let's just say we don't know. Let's just say we don't know. I understand now.  That place is where all I understand now.  That place is where all I understand now.  That place is where all the work at home is done the work at home is done the work at home is done .  I started complaining, .  I started complaining, .  I started complaining, Surama, Surama, Surama, how did you manage it? [Music] No matter how much I do with this, will I end up like how much I do with this, will I end up like how much I do with this, will I end up like my mother? My mother's income is the only problem. my mother? My mother's income is the only problem. my mother? My mother's income is the only problem. What color shirt is this? Is it What color shirt is this? Is it What color shirt is this? Is it pink, sister? Is pink, sister? Is pink, sister? Is this all one color? Go ahead and put on something special. Is that all? My this all one color? Go ahead and put on something special. Is that all? My quota is over today, isn't it? quota is over today, isn't it? quota is over today, isn't it? My quota started before you My quota started before you My quota started before you . . . What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? I took the pill [music], that's coffee. I took the pill [music], that's coffee. I took the pill [music], that's coffee. It will be warm.  I'll put something else on and It will be warm.  I'll put something else on and It will be warm.  I'll put something else on and take it. Okay, go ahead. take it. Okay, go ahead. take it. Okay, go ahead. [Laughter] Do you [Laughter] Do you understand what destruction is now? understand what destruction is now? understand what destruction is now? What is it?   If What is it?   If What is it?   If someone was shouting at him in the morning, someone was shouting at him in the morning, someone was shouting at him in the morning, how would he feel? Don't you want to how would he feel? Don't you want to how would he feel? Don't you want to see all the see all the see all the awards you receive? I really want to hear it, Mom, sentimental, come on, come on, this mom, sentimental torture [music] I can't stand it myself. How long are you going to drive like this? awards you receive? I really want to hear it, Mom, sentimental, come on, come on, this mom, sentimental torture [music] I can't stand it myself. How long are you going to drive like this? awards you receive? I really want to hear it, Mom, sentimental, come on, come on, this mom, sentimental torture [music] I can't stand it myself. How long are you going to drive like this? You You can't show it there. Is this shirt okay? Come on, come on, can't show it there. Is this shirt okay? Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, I'll come on, there's time come on, come on, come on, I'll come on, there's time like in humor like in humor like in humor .   All you have to do for .   All you have to do for .   All you have to do for four weeks is four weeks is four weeks is sit back and laugh sit back and laugh sit back and laugh .  You all .  You all .  You all forgot to smile.   Are you forgot to smile.   Are you forgot to smile.   Are you stuck somewhere?   Are stuck somewhere?   Are stuck somewhere?   Are you stuck? you stuck? you stuck? Yes, what you do in the morning will bear fruit in the afternoon.   Are Yes, what you do in the morning will bear fruit in the afternoon.   Are Yes, what you do in the morning will bear fruit in the afternoon.   Are you having fun?  There is no concept of marriage.   Has the you having fun?  There is no concept of marriage.   Has the you having fun?  There is no concept of marriage.   Has the gas run out?  I gas run out?  I gas run out?  I called the agency after two or three minutes.  I hope you'll tell me a called the agency after two or three minutes.  I hope you'll tell me a called the agency after two or three minutes.  I hope you'll tell me a little bit when you come back from the office little bit when you come back from the office little bit when you come back from the office . . . Why do you have to tell your husband? Why do you have to tell your husband? Why do you have to tell your husband? You do everything correctly. You do everything correctly. You do everything correctly. But tell me one thing. But tell me one thing. But tell me one thing. Before the wedding, I was Before the wedding, I was Before the wedding, I was only doing my homework.   I have to only doing my homework.   I have to only doing my homework.   I have to do some work next door do some work next door do some work next door .  I forgot to call the plumber .  I forgot to call the plumber .  I forgot to call the plumber . . . Raghu told me to call the plumber. Raghu told me to call the plumber. Raghu told me to call the plumber. How are you, Shalini? How are you, Shalini? How are you, Shalini? How are you?   Is How are you?   Is How are you?   Is that so? that so? that so? How are you?   There is How are you?   There is How are you?   There is something. something. something. How is Dad? How is Dad? How is Dad? What about him? What about him? They are investigating as if they got married and settled in Dubai. They are investigating as if they got married and settled in Dubai. They are investigating as if they got married and settled in Dubai. Aren't you eating? Aren't you eating? Aren't you eating? Is it on the Melinja app? Is it on the Melinja app? Is it on the Melinja app? What the hell, What the hell, What the hell, how are you, a generation that has put on weight like this? how are you, a generation that has put on weight like this? how are you, a generation that has put on weight like this? Oh, I'm fine, Chandamanthi.  What's the Oh, I'm fine, Chandamanthi.  What's the Oh, I'm fine, Chandamanthi.  What's the matter, don't you understand? matter, don't you understand? matter, don't you understand? Golden flower.  Uncle, can we Golden flower.  Uncle, can we Golden flower.  Uncle, can we do something special for your 47th birthday? do something special for your 47th birthday? do something special for your 47th birthday? 42d 42 42d 42 42d 42 I was the one who looked at the passport.   I I was the one who looked at the passport.   I I was the one who looked at the passport.   I can't even read ABCD.  Just can't even read ABCD.  Just can't even read ABCD.  Just read this correctly. read this correctly. read this correctly. Tell me what to do, uncle.   Do Tell me what to do, uncle.   Do Tell me what to do, uncle.   Do something and work. something and work. something and work. Sir, your master health [music] checkup Sir, your master health [music] checkup Sir, your master health [music] checkup report has been given a golden flower report has been given a golden flower report has been given a golden flower .  BB is terrible.  Sugar is .  BB is terrible.  Sugar is .  BB is terrible.  Sugar is not pure.  [Music] Cholesterol not pure.  [Music] Cholesterol not pure.  [Music] Cholesterol is terrible.  Don't think I'm wrong, is terrible.  Don't think I'm wrong, is terrible.  Don't think I'm wrong, sir.  As you get older [music], sir.  As you get older [music], sir.  As you get older [music], take care of your health a little, sir. take care of your health a little, sir. take care of your health a little, sir. Who's old? I'm just 37 Who's old? I'm just 37 Who's old? I'm just 37 Sir, don't do comedy, sir.  Your Sir, don't do comedy, sir.  Your Sir, don't do comedy, sir.  Your passport is called a golden flower passport is called a golden flower passport is called a golden flower . . . Oh, I've shown Oh, I've shown Oh, I've shown you, you, you, sir. Don't think wrongly that I'm saying [music] sir. Don't think wrongly that I'm saying [music] sir. Don't think wrongly that I'm saying [music] .  Even though she's only been your wife for a thousand days, .  Even though she's only been your wife for a thousand days, I feel I feel I feel a little uncomfortable when you talk to her over tea. a little uncomfortable when you talk to her over tea. a little uncomfortable when you talk to her over tea. They can't even be suspected. They can't even be suspected. They can't even be suspected. It's impossible not to be suspicious.  If you ask, It's impossible not to be suspicious.  If you ask, It's impossible not to be suspicious.  If you ask, your sister will also come. your sister will also come. your sister will also come. Yes, sir.  [Music] How can he stop Yes, sir.  [Music] How can he stop Yes, sir.  [Music] How can he stop this trooper from running around in the middle of a stupid Audi, Pencil, BMW, this trooper from running around in the middle of a stupid Audi, Pencil, BMW, this trooper from running around in the middle of a stupid Audi, Pencil, BMW, now now now ?  Why ?  Why ?  Why wouldn't he park his two-wheeler in the parking lot? wouldn't he park his two-wheeler in the parking lot? wouldn't he park his two-wheeler in the parking lot? Sir, that is an antique piece. Sir, that is an antique piece. Sir, that is an antique piece. What's up, old man? [Music] Krishnan What's up, old man? [Music] Krishnan What's up, old man? [Music] Krishnan Hello sir Hi Hi Hello sir Hi Hi Hello Hello Hello WhatsApp Raghuvaran I am very proud of WhatsApp Raghuvaran I am very proud of WhatsApp Raghuvaran I am very proud of your character, which never forgets your strength no matter how high you rise in life. your character, which never forgets your strength no matter how high you rise in life. The world is full of grain, which is the product of the lineage of Sir Kedar. The world is full of grain, which is the product of the lineage of Sir Kedar. The world is full of grain, which is the product of the lineage of Sir Kedar. Wow, wow, wow, amazing. Wow, wow, wow, amazing. Wow, wow, wow, amazing. Sir, everything you need for life is in Sir, everything you need for life is in Sir, everything you need for life is in Thirukkural. Thirukkural. Thirukkural. Yes, yes, everyone is waiting.  You Yes, yes, everyone is waiting.  You Yes, yes, everyone is waiting.  You go upstairs.  Why, sir?  You'll go upstairs.  Why, sir?  You'll go upstairs.  Why, sir?  You'll know when you go.  Okay, okay, sir. Okay, know when you go.  Okay, okay, sir. Okay, know when you go.  Okay, okay, sir. Okay, sir. Size adjustments, sir.  [Music] Size adjustments, sir.  [Music] Size adjustments, sir.  [Music] Hey, sir, thank you for everything. Hey, sir, thank you for everything. Do you know how proud we are of Engineer of the Year?   It's Do you know how proud we are of Engineer of the Year?   It's Do you know how proud we are of Engineer of the Year?   It's all because of your father, madam. all because of your father, madam. all because of your father, madam. However, it would have been nice if you had come and bought it yourself However, it would have been nice if you had come and bought it yourself However, it would have been nice if you had come and bought it yourself . . . No, madam, if you go and buy it, the No, madam, if you go and buy it, the No, madam, if you go and buy it, the [music] will be correct. [music] will be correct. [music] will be correct. Madam, you don't know anything.  Raghuvaran is Madam, you don't know anything.  Raghuvaran is Madam, you don't know anything.  Raghuvaran is a sentimental type.  Not only that, but before the a sentimental type.  Not only that, but before the a sentimental type.  Not only that, but before the vote arrives, the award vote arrives, the award vote arrives, the award ceremony will be over and the next election ceremony will be over and the next election ceremony will be over and the next election will come.  [Laughter] Don't talk bad about my car, sir.   It's talk bad about my car, sir.   It's talk bad about my car, sir.   It's wrong to call it a car. wrong to call it a car. wrong to call it a car. Cut it off, baby, please Cut it off, baby, please Cut it off, baby, please tell me, golden flower. tell me, golden flower. You may have to ask Uncle Sayantram as soon as he arrives. You may have to ask Uncle Sayantram as soon as he arrives. You may have to ask Uncle Sayantram as soon as he arrives. Everything is cut.   Did Everything is cut.   Did Everything is cut.   Did you cut it?  I'm sitting here with so much desire you cut it?  I'm sitting here with so much desire you cut it?  I'm sitting here with so much desire .  I called my neighbor's .  I called my neighbor's .  I called my neighbor's mother and everyone in the house across the street mother and everyone in the house across the street mother and everyone in the house across the street . . . What should I do now? What should I do now? What should I do now? Why do I show my passport to others Why do I show my passport to others Why do I show my passport to others ? ? ? It was funny to see your photo. It was funny to see your photo. It was funny to see your photo. That's why Mani and I That's why Mani and I That's why Mani and I were laughing together.   Did were laughing together.   Did were laughing together.   Did you laugh together? you laugh together? you laugh together? What is the use of being watched?  Tell me, it's my What is the use of being watched?  Tell me, it's my What is the use of being watched?  Tell me, it's my birthday. birthday. birthday. Your birthday is Your birthday is Your birthday is my birthday.  [Music] my birthday.  [Music] my birthday.  [Music] July 10 Rohini star Taurus zodiac July 10 Rohini star Taurus zodiac July 10 Rohini star Taurus zodiac sign is a busy time. sign is a busy time. sign is a busy time. Look how correct Manickam Look how correct Manickam Look how correct Manickam is.  This is a is.  This is a mix of two songs, with some kind of sound. mix of two songs, with some kind of sound. mix of two songs, with some kind of sound. Sir, I stopped the car. Did you Sir, I stopped the car. Did you Sir, I stopped the car. Did you stop it? stop it? stop it? I don't see any difference. I don't see any difference. I don't see any difference. Sir, I dropped it. Sir, I dropped it. Sir, I dropped it. Go home. Go home. Go home. Mr. Raghuvaran, Mr. Raghuvaran, Mr. Raghuvaran, what are you putting on your house and what are you putting on your house and putting on mine? putting on mine? putting on mine? Yes, sir.  My house is here in Ashok Nagar Yes, sir.  My house is here in Ashok Nagar Yes, sir.  My house is here in Ashok Nagar . . . Yes, Yes, Yes, your house is right next door, your house is right next door, your house is right next door, so go for a walk. so go for a walk. so go for a walk. Thanappa had been accompanying me on my walks for so long Thanappa had been accompanying me on my walks for so long Thanappa had been accompanying me on my walks for so long . . . What's up, Ashok Nagar to Avadi is 20 What's up, Ashok Nagar to Avadi is 20 What's up, Ashok Nagar to Avadi is 20 km away. km away. Do you know how much money my father earned by getting first rank in the Standard Examination?  Go for a Do you know how much money my father earned by getting first rank in the Standard Examination?  Go for a Do you know how much money my father earned by getting first rank in the Standard Examination?  Go for a walk, walk, walk, you go first, you go, baby, go, baby, go, you go first, you go, baby, go, baby, go, this is why, baby, this is why, this is why, baby, this is why, this is why, baby, this is why, even a drunkard should not ride a bike, who is the only one, even a drunkard should not ride a bike, who is the only one, even a drunkard should not ride a bike, who is the only one, baby, whether it is baby, whether it is baby, whether it is Rama or Ravana, I do Rama or Ravana, I do Rama or Ravana, I do n't care, n't care, n't care, what is it, is he alone, is he riding a horse, what is it, is he alone, is he riding a horse, what is it, is he alone, is he riding a horse, lock necessary, oh, where is that song, where is that song, where is that song, father, I'm waiting father, I'm waiting outside, please open the gate, stay outside, stay inside, I'm waiting   Hey, outside, please open the gate, stay outside, stay inside, I'm waiting   Hey, outside, please open the gate, stay outside, stay inside, I'm waiting   Hey, you've come here drunk, Nopa, hey, don't make any you've come here drunk, Nopa, hey, don't make any you've come here drunk, Nopa, hey, don't make any noise, your noise, your noise, your little girl is going to catch her breath.   If little girl is going to catch her breath.   If little girl is going to catch her breath.   If I'm the one getting married, I'm the one getting married, I'm the one getting married, where are you going? You have no where are you going? You have no where are you going? You have no common sense.   Come on, common sense.   Come on, common sense.   Come on, aren't you eating properly? aren't you eating properly? aren't you eating properly? You're so brave, You're so brave, You're so brave, you're saying that you're saying that you're saying that .   I'm the one who collected the most garbage, .   I'm the one who collected the most garbage, Pothunapala.  Why did you turn on the light Pothunapala.  Why did you turn on the light Pothunapala.  Why did you turn on the light ?  [Laughter] ?  [Laughter] ?  [Laughter] What?   Have What?   Have What?   Have I been drinking or have you I been drinking or have you I been drinking or have you been drinking?  I will come to your house. been drinking?  I will come to your house. been drinking?  I will come to your house. How can I put on a light? How can I put on a light? How can I put on a light? You're not going to?   Do You're not going to?   Do You're not going to?   Do n't you have any shame, oh my god, n't you have any shame, oh my god, n't you have any shame, oh my god, where are you going? If he's the one who came where are you going? If he's the one who came where are you going? If he's the one who came drunk, drunk, drunk, you're also stealing and you're also stealing and you're also stealing and making him sleep. You making him sleep. You making him sleep. You have to listen to four words like a tongue twister. have to listen to four words like a tongue twister. have to listen to four words like a tongue twister. My mouth is very long. I My mouth is very long. I My mouth is very long. I don't have any shame looking at my father. If don't have any shame looking at my father. If don't have any shame looking at my father. If you ask me, I'll tell you. You're so annoying. Let me go you ask me, I'll tell you. You're so annoying. Let me go I'm I'm I'm going to my mother's house. going to my mother's house. going to my mother's house. Why are Why are Why are these people so naive who talk like that?  Hey, these people so naive who talk like that?  Hey, these people so naive who talk like that?  Hey, I've been watching you for a year, I'm going to my mother's I've been watching you for a year, I'm going to my mother's I've been watching you for a year, I'm going to my mother's house, but you just said you were going to my mother's house, and house, but you just said you were going to my mother's house, and house, but you just said you were going to my mother's house, and then one day you just then one day you just showed your desire, and you had to jump into the compound next door and showed your desire, and you had to jump into the compound next door and showed your desire, and you had to jump into the compound next door and go, you know, you have to go, you know, you have to go, you know, you have to talk like this, Nona [laughter] talk like this, Nona [laughter] talk like this, Nona [laughter] You're so annoying in the morning. You're so annoying in the morning. You're so annoying in the morning. Oh, don't exfoliate too much in the morning.   I feel like I'm living Oh, don't exfoliate too much in the morning.   I feel like I'm living Oh, don't exfoliate too much in the morning.   I feel like I'm living life to the fullest life to the fullest life to the fullest . . . Your mother is to blame for everything.   If I Your mother is to blame for everything.   If I Your mother is to blame for everything.   If I had raised you properly, how would I have had raised you properly, how would I have had raised you properly, how would I have suffered? suffered? suffered? What's What's What's wrong? wrong? wrong? Mom, mom [screaming] Oh, my, oh Mom, mom [screaming] Oh, my, oh Hey, who's watching? Hey, who's watching? Hey, who's watching? I'm single and I'm nowhere. I'm single and I'm nowhere. I'm single and I'm nowhere. I'm single and I'm nowhere. What's wrong with being I'm single and I'm nowhere. What's wrong with being I'm single and I'm nowhere. What's wrong with being single? I'm nowhere. That's why I got married and I'm not single? I'm nowhere. That's why I got married and I'm not single? I'm nowhere. That's why I got married and I'm not single, I'm nowhere single, I'm nowhere single, I'm nowhere . Go and sleep. . Go and sleep. . Go and sleep. Oh, you spoil me like this, I'll be a dentist, I'll be a Oh, you spoil me like this, I'll be a dentist, I'll be a dentist, what do you think? Are you dentist, what do you think? Are you dentist, what do you think? Are you scared? scared? scared? Don't get married, Karthik, don't get Don't get married, Karthik, don't get Don't get married, Karthik, don't get married, don't get married, don't get married, married, don't get married, don't get married, married, don't get married, don't get married, Katha, don't Katha, don't Katha, don't talk like that, you talk like that, you talk like that, you spoke so boldly, you did spoke so boldly, you did spoke so boldly, you did n't go home.  Dad n't go home.  Dad n't go home.  Dad left and left and left and went to Humera before his sister-in-law could do anything.  He went to Humera before his sister-in-law could do anything.  He went to Humera before his sister-in-law could do anything.  He asked you to come and see him. asked you to come and see him. asked you to come and see him. Shalini, do you know why I came late? Or did you arrive on time? Or did you arrive on time? Do you know why I was late for class?  I bought flowers for you Do you know why I was late for class?  I bought flowers for you Do you know why I was late for class?  I bought flowers for you .   Is it me .   Is it me .   Is it me ? ? ? S: S: S: Why did Why did Why did you buy me flowers today when I didn't have any? you buy me flowers today when I didn't have any? you buy me flowers today when I didn't have any? No, Dad, No, Dad, No, Dad, why did why did why did you suddenly come and buy flowers today, even though it's nothing to do with you? you suddenly come and buy flowers today, even though it's nothing to do with you? you suddenly come and buy flowers today, even though it's nothing to do with you? What the hell are you doing here? What the hell are you doing here? What the hell are you doing here? Hey, I'm not doing anything.   If you don't do Hey, I'm not doing anything.   If you don't do Hey, I'm not doing anything.   If you don't do anything, then why did you come and buy flowers? Oh, oh, oh, tell me, anything, then why did you come and buy flowers? Oh, oh, oh, tell me, Dad, Dad, Dad, tell me, tell me, tell me, another girl, oh, oh, oh, oh, don't do anything, don't ask, another girl, oh, oh, oh, oh, don't do anything, don't ask, another girl, oh, oh, oh, oh, don't do anything, don't ask, Uncle, where are you going, Uncle, where are you going, Uncle, where are you going, the situation is not right, we will the situation is not right, we will the situation is not right, we will come later, oh, come later, oh, come later, oh, really, I didn't do anything, my really, I didn't do anything, my really, I didn't do anything, my mother left you, who is your father? Your mother left you, who is your father? Your mother left you, who is your father? Your logic is correct.  But what can I do? logic is correct.  But what can I do? Shalini doesn't trust him. Blow Blow Blow this is reticular sizing this is reticular sizing this is reticular sizing blow blow blow hey don't drink don't hey don't drink don't hey don't drink don't drink then what blow? drink then what blow? drink then what blow? Oh, it smells. smells. smells. Hey, how come you don't drink at all? Hey, how come you don't drink at all? Hey, how come you don't drink at all? I feel it. I feel it. I feel it. Oh, Oh, Oh, you're drunk.  Oh, father, father, what are you you're drunk.  Oh, father, father, what are you you're drunk.  Oh, father, father, what are you doing? This [music] is so beautiful, doing? This [music] is so beautiful, doing? This [music] is so beautiful, this man is so beautiful, he can't stand it. Let's go, let's go this man is so beautiful, he can't stand it. Let's go, let's go this man is so beautiful, he can't stand it. Let's go, let's go .  We should have .  We should have .  We should have sent them away. sent them away. sent them away. My father was the one who built the tent, so My father was the one who built the tent, so you shouldn't have gone near him since he was ordered to finish.   You may have come a long way, but you shouldn't have gone near him since he was ordered to finish.   You may have come a long way, but you shouldn't have gone near him since he was ordered to finish.   You may have come a long way, but where did you where did you where did you go? If you had knowledge, would you have gotten go? If you had knowledge, would you have gotten go? If you had knowledge, would you have gotten married?   It looks married?   It looks married?   It looks very damaged today.   Don't just sit there and very damaged today.   Don't just sit there and very damaged today.   Don't just sit there and watch. It's not right. watch. It's not right. watch. It's not right. Buy.  What's up, come here and sit there and eat? Buy.  What's up, come here and sit there and eat? Buy.  What's up, come here and sit there and eat? [Music] You, father, what's up, brother? [Music] You, father, what's up, brother? Take some biryani and eat it. Oh, what happened after I left? I Oh, what happened after I left? I Oh, what happened after I left? I told you to bring me a gold chain and give it to me. I'll beat you three times. I don't told you to bring me a gold chain and give it to me. I'll beat you three times. I don't even feel like you gave me the idea of ​​making a jasmine flower bloom and go [ __ ] it even feel like you gave me the idea of ​​making a jasmine flower bloom and go [ __ ] it even feel like you gave me the idea of ​​making a jasmine flower bloom and go [ __ ] it .  But what did you do when you ran away from Ambon .  But what did you do when you ran away from Ambon .  But what did you do when you ran away from Ambon ? ? ? My husband and I My husband and I My husband and I have 1000 problems, what would it be like if I came in the middle have 1000 problems, what would it be like if I came in the middle have 1000 problems, what would it be like if I came in the middle ? ? Doesn't this knowledge come when it gives you ideas?   Hey, let Doesn't this knowledge come when it gives you ideas?   Hey, let Doesn't this knowledge come when it gives you ideas?   Hey, let me help you me help you me help you .   I thought I could .   I thought I could .   I thought I could help, help, help, so I so I so I went home drunk one time. went home drunk one time. went home drunk one time. You got drunk.   When you were You got drunk.   When you were You got drunk.   When you were little, you were raised to play all sorts of little, you were raised to play all sorts of little, you were raised to play all sorts of pranks and be pranks and be pranks and be beaten up for not doing this or that beaten up for not doing this or that beaten up for not doing this or that .   It's .   It's a good excuse to say that you shouldn't make the same mistakes I made.  Your mother has a good excuse to say that you shouldn't make the same mistakes I made.  Your mother has a good excuse to say that you shouldn't make the same mistakes I made.  Your mother has n't spoken to me in a week. n't spoken to me in a week. n't spoken to me in a week. That was the last thing I drank.   Look, I came up with That was the last thing I drank.   Look, I came up with That was the last thing I drank.   Look, I came up with an idea. an idea. an idea. You're going to give me that idea now. You're going to give me that idea now. You're going to give me that idea now. Tell me, I have no other choice.   I Tell me, I have no other choice.   I Tell me, I have no other choice.   I bought two tickets to Ooty and handed them to her bought two tickets to Ooty and handed them to her bought two tickets to Ooty and handed them to her .   Just like .   Just like .   Just like that, my face became as bright as a 1000-watt bulb that, my face became as bright as a 1000-watt bulb that, my face became as bright as a 1000-watt bulb .  On the other hand, it's just a .  On the other hand, it's just a .  On the other hand, it's just a romance on Karthik's romance on Karthik's romance on Karthik's side. side. side. I think this is a better idea I think this is a better idea I think this is a better idea .   I'll see if .   I'll see if .   I'll see if you apply. you apply. you apply. [Music] It's [Music] It's hard to cope with these two being alone. hard to cope with these two being alone. hard to cope with these two being alone. Hi, what's up, Hi, what's up, Hi, what's up, tickets for the group for both of us? tickets for the group for both of us? tickets for the group for both of us? This week, This week, This week, this week, this week, this week, this week, this week, this week, this week, uncle, this week, uncle, this week, uncle, I said the same thing. I said the same thing. I said the same thing. Oh, Oh, where is the good cow? where is the good cow? where is the good cow? What's the problem this week? What's the problem this week? What's the problem this week? What's happening this week?  [Music] What's happening this week?  [Music] What's happening this week?  [Music] Tell me, tell me, Tell me, tell me, Tell me, tell me, Raghu, please tell me, Raghu, please tell me, Raghu, please tell me, this week, oh, put myself in this situation, is this week, oh, put myself in this situation, is this week, oh, put myself in this situation, is our wedding day, oh, is our wedding day, oh, is our wedding day, oh, is our wedding day this week? our wedding day this week? our wedding day this week? Good luck this week, Raghu. Good luck this week, Raghu. Good luck this week, Raghu. You said the same thing about the wedding mistake.  Wedding day You said the same thing about the wedding mistake.  Wedding day You said the same thing about the wedding mistake.  Wedding day Wedding day Oh, I Wedding day Oh, I Wedding day Oh, I remember May 25th. Oh, I don't remember May 25th. Oh, I don't remember May 25th. Oh, I don't know what this week is. know what this week is. know what this week is. Our relatives are getting married. Our relatives are getting married. Our relatives are getting married. I told them I wanted to go. I told them I wanted to go. I told them I wanted to go. Right, Right, Right, who is Rajesh? who is Rajesh? who is Rajesh? Rajesh. Right, Rajesh. Right, Rajesh. Right, how is Rajesh coping? Do how is Rajesh coping? Do how is Rajesh coping? Do you remember who Rajesh is? Put it that way. Don't you know, you remember who Rajesh is? Put it that way. Don't you know, my cousin? Yes, Shalini was the one we were planning to my cousin? Yes, Shalini was the one we were planning to my cousin? Yes, Shalini was the one we were planning to tie the knot with tie the knot with tie the knot with .  The one who was drunk escaped .  The one who was drunk escaped .  The one who was drunk escaped . . . This plan is to not go to that wedding This plan is to not go to that wedding This plan is to not go to that wedding . . . Oh my, I don't even know how to think like that. Actually, I'm very innocent. Yes, yes, there was a Oh my, I don't even know how to think like that. Actually, I'm very innocent. Yes, yes, there was a wedding at your house last week. We could have wedding at your house last week. We could have wedding at your house last week. We could have planned it then. Let me planned it then. Let me planned it then. Let me tell you something. If there is a problem tell you something. If there is a problem tell you something. If there is a problem between a man and a woman, it won't go away between a man and a woman, it won't go away between a man and a woman, it won't go away even if it's not resolved. even if it's not resolved. even if it's not resolved. Please don't bring it up like this Please don't bring it up like this Please don't bring it up like this .  Look, Shalini, I'll .  Look, Shalini, I'll .  Look, Shalini, I'll take these tickets and bring them back to your take these tickets and bring them back to your take these tickets and bring them back to your parents parents parents .  I'm going to go and buy a gift for Rakesh .  I'm going to go and buy a gift for Rakesh .  I'm going to go and buy a gift for Rakesh .  Rajesh .  Rajesh .  Rajesh Rajesh Same Fellow The Rajesh Same Fellow The death death death toll in the terrible earthquake that occurred on Pulava Day is 600 [Music] toll in the terrible earthquake that occurred on Pulava Day is 600 [Music] toll in the terrible earthquake that occurred on Pulava Day is 600 [Music] Honestly, I have nothing to do with this. Honestly, I have nothing to do with this. I didn't know that such a matter was happening. I didn't know that such a matter was happening. I didn't know that such a matter was happening. Dad, this is all a plan. Dad, this is all a plan. Dad, this is all a plan. As long as you are my mother-in-law, As long as you are my mother-in-law, As long as you are my mother-in-law, I have to go as a preacher. I have to go. The I have to go as a preacher. I have to go. The two of us were friends. Don't you remember that? The two of us were friends. Don't you remember that? The two of us sat and two of us sat and two of us sat and watched many TV serials. Do watched many TV serials. Do watched many TV serials. Do you remember that? [Laughter] No, I you remember that? [Laughter] No, I you remember that? [Laughter] No, I washed all the dishes for you. What did you see? It's not washed all the dishes for you. What did you see? It's not your fault, your fault, your fault, sir. It's a very bad thing. You go first. If Raghuvaran Vasundhara is involved in the construction, it will be Raghuvaran Vasundhara is involved in the construction, it will be difficult for us to get this project.   Whether we difficult for us to get this project.   Whether we difficult for us to get this project.   Whether we get it or not, sir, we get it or not, sir, we get it or not, sir, we will do our job properly.  Leave it in will do our job properly.  Leave it in will do our job properly.  Leave it in the hands of the Lord. the hands of the Lord. the hands of the Lord. What are they doing here? What are they doing here? What are they doing here? I don't know, sir.  Why are they giving appointments to both of them at the I don't know, sir.  Why are they giving appointments to both of them at the I don't know, sir.  Why are they giving appointments to both of them at the same time? Sir, same time? Sir, same time? Sir, sorry, sir, I sorry, sir, I sorry, sir, I remember Raghuvar, I am Alkusundhara, so I am sorry. Good morning remember Raghuvar, I am Alkusundhara, so I am sorry. Good morning sir, sir, sir, hello Mr. Sundar, hello Mr. Sundar, hello Mr. Sundar, good morning sir, good morning sir, good morning sir, hello sir, what is it, sir? They are hello sir, what is it, sir? They are hello sir, what is it, sir? They are looking at you and looking at you and looking at you and saying, "Shut up," and I saying, "Shut up," and I asked them what they mean in English for "shut up."  Shutup is correct, I asked them what they mean in English for "shut up."  Shutup is correct, I asked them what they mean in English for "shut up."  Shutup is correct, I think she must be very good. She could think she must be very good. She could have handled English a little better. Baby, please have handled English a little better. Baby, please explain your language a little, explain your language a little, explain your language a little, sir. If you don't mind, I can sir. If you don't mind, I can sir. If you don't mind, I can talk to you in a private meeting. talk to you in a private meeting. talk to you in a private meeting. What's the point of this? I'll tell you here, What's the point of this? I'll tell you here, What's the point of this? I'll tell you here, but I'll tell you in a way that makes you understand. but I'll tell you in a way that makes you understand. but I'll tell you in a way that makes you understand. Raghuvaran, do you want to start something baby, Raghuvaran, do you want to start something baby, Raghuvaran, do you want to start something baby, baby so basically the concept of this baby so basically the concept of this baby so basically the concept of this design is to create free flowing spaces design is to create free flowing spaces design is to create free flowing spaces and unstructured views which will and unstructured views which will and unstructured views which will accommodate more number as per our plan accommodate more number as per our plan accommodate more number as per our plan in case of any emergency evacuation it's in case of any emergency evacuation it's in case of any emergency evacuation it's like that for construction it's german like that for construction it's german like that for construction it's german technology so [Music] you get it right technology so [Music] you get it right technology so [Music] you get it right okay good and of course we have flow okay good and of course we have flow okay good and of course we have flow plan we have designed it in such a way plan we have designed it in such a way plan we have designed it in such a way that every square foot of area is that every square foot of area is that every square foot of area is utilized to the maximum in order to make utilized to the maximum in order to make utilized to the maximum in order to make it one of the most  highly sustainable it one of the most  highly sustainable it one of the most  highly sustainable hospitals in this entire region hospitals in this entire region hospitals in this entire region basically it's a 600 cr project that we basically it's a 600 cr project that we basically it's a 600 cr project that we will execute with a 2 year period of OK understood?   Do understood?   Do understood?   Do you understand, you understand, you understand, baby, one day you will have a room and come back with all this, baby, one day you will have a room and come back with all this, baby baby baby sir, please explain your design, sir, please explain your design, sir, please explain your design, Raghuvaran sir, please Raghuvaran sir, please Raghuvaran sir, please Now, if you see, sir, the Now, if you see, sir, the Now, if you see, sir, the important thing for building a hospital is that important thing for building a hospital is that important thing for building a hospital is that it should be next to an accident-prone area. it should be next to an accident-prone area. it should be next to an accident-prone area. Our land is Our land is Our land is there, there is no problem. there, there is no problem. there, there is no problem. What do you see in this area where the sunlight comes in? Does the What do you see in this area where the sunlight comes in? Does the What do you see in this area where the sunlight comes in? Does the sunlight sunlight sunlight naturally come in and have healing qualities? Therefore, is the naturally come in and have healing qualities? Therefore, is the naturally come in and have healing qualities? Therefore, is the east-facing east-facing east-facing vastu also correct? Have you vastu also correct? Have you vastu also correct? Have you checked all that? Then, we have made the checked all that? Then, we have made the checked all that? Then, we have made the hospital entrance a little hospital entrance a little hospital entrance a little higher in this area because of the ambulance, as higher in this area because of the ambulance, as higher in this area because of the ambulance, as you know, yes, there is a you know, yes, there is a you know, yes, there is a car parking lot, car parking lot, like the nature-friendly flag in Sevathu.  When the like the nature-friendly flag in Sevathu.  When the like the nature-friendly flag in Sevathu.  When the wind blew, that beat was a wind blew, that beat was a wind blew, that beat was a good song. good song. good song. Yes, the Yes, the Yes, the flag blew, the wind blew, the flag blew, the wind blew, the flag blew, the wind blew, the wind blew, wind blew, wind blew, what song did the wind blow, what song did the flower what song did the wind blow, what song did the flower what song did the wind blow, what song did the flower bloom when the wind blew? bloom when the wind blew? bloom when the wind blew? Then, when the pharmacy came to this area, did you Then, when the pharmacy came to this area, did you Then, when the pharmacy came to this area, did you talk about everything else? Did we talk about everything else? Did we talk about everything else? Did we do exactly what you said? Are there do exactly what you said? Are there do exactly what you said? Are there many details? I don't many details? I don't many details? I don't want to fight about all that. Your design is really good.   There Your design is really good.   There 's no big difference between a company and your company, even if it's a big company with a big budget. You should give the project to 's no big difference between a company and your company, even if it's a big company with a big budget. You should give the project to 's no big difference between a company and your company, even if it's a big company with a big budget. You should give the project to yourself.  [Music] yourself.  [Music] yourself.  [Music] Then we're leaving, sir. Then we're leaving, sir. Then we're leaving, sir. Wait a minute, brother, Wait a minute, brother, Wait a minute, brother, your beav that very bright boy you your beav that very bright boy you your beav that very bright boy you have have have smart stay the way you are you go a long smart stay the way you are you go a long smart stay the way you are you go a long way way way the [music] the [music] the [music] good good good new sky new earth everywhere snow new sky new earth everywhere snow new sky new earth everywhere snow is falling to is falling to is falling to welcome me again the sky flowers are welcome me again the sky flowers are welcome me again the sky flowers are falling even the grass is not on me falling even the grass is not on me falling even the grass is not on me Lalala have Lalala have Lalala have you come back drunk again you come back drunk again you come back drunk again sir oh my god wait a minute sir come tell me sir come hey what is it that is coming it is a dangerous beast it is it is a dangerous beast it is it is a dangerous beast it is watching us and may run away. watching us and may run away. watching us and may run away. Yes, I told you, this is the one who Yes, I told you, this is the one who Yes, I told you, this is the one who mixed cool drinks with the cargo, not cool drinks mixed cool drinks with the cargo, not cool drinks mixed cool drinks with the cargo, not cool drinks mixed with cargo and made you drink something.   Did you just throw the damn thing away mixed with cargo and made you drink something.   Did you just throw the damn thing away mixed with cargo and made you drink something.   Did you just throw the damn thing away ?   Did you just ?   Did you just ?   Did you just say that? You must never drink again as long as you have this rope in your hand. You must never drink again as long as you have this rope in your hand. You must never drink again as long as you have this rope in your hand. [Music] If you take it from where it was taken, it will stay there from where it was taken, it will stay there from where it was taken, it will stay there . . . What, sister-in-law, will you tie the rope?  Ca What, sister-in-law, will you tie the rope?  Ca What, sister-in-law, will you tie the rope?  Ca n't drink anymore? n't drink anymore? n't drink anymore? What is a rope? What is a rope? What is a rope? Oh, look at your hand.  My sister-in-law tied a rope around my hand, telling me Oh, look at your hand.  My sister-in-law tied a rope around my hand, telling me Oh, look at your hand.  My sister-in-law tied a rope around my hand, telling me not to drink anymore, just like my mother. Oh, don't let not to drink anymore, just like my mother. Oh, don't let everyone tie the rope. My everyone tie the rope. My everyone tie the rope. My mother will become a rope. If my sister-in-law comes and throws the rope, mother will become a rope. If my sister-in-law comes and throws the rope, mother will become a rope. If my sister-in-law comes and throws the rope, what will she say? Situation is very bad. Okay, Situation is very bad. Okay, Situation is very bad. Okay, a big construction project is starting from today. I a big construction project is starting from today. I will be a little relieved from this torture. will be a little relieved from this torture. will be a little relieved from this torture. Super brother, Super brother, Super brother, why don't you sleep until 9:00? why don't you sleep until 9:00? why don't you sleep until 9:00? [Music] If you're just lying there like this, just get lying there like this, just get lying there like this, just get up and go to work. up and go to work. up and go to work. My name is Raghuvaran.  I am an My name is Raghuvaran.  I am an My name is Raghuvaran.  I am an unemployed graduate again. unemployed graduate again. unemployed graduate again. Heaven is like wine, Heaven is like wine, Heaven is like wine, the beauty of wine is like wine, oh, the beauty of wine is like wine, oh, the beauty of wine is like wine, oh, don't put milk on it when it's light. What are you going to say?  Even my classmates went to What are you going to say?  Even my classmates went to What are you going to say?  Even my classmates went to work.  I'm still work.  I'm still work.  I'm still adding milk, right?  I did adding milk, right?  I did adding milk, right?  I did n't say anything, just play. This Sunday, I'm the one who goes to the butcher shop, even if I have to go to This Sunday, I'm the one who goes to the butcher shop, even if I have to go to This Sunday, I'm the one who goes to the butcher shop, even if I have to go to work work work . . . Some things never change. Some things never change. Some things never change. [Music] A [Music] A [Music] A girl was watching us from above.  Now, girl was watching us from above.  Now, girl was watching us from above.  Now, Raghu has brought some couriers to our house. Raghu has brought some couriers to our house. All your credentials are in good condition All your credentials are in good condition All your credentials are in good condition .  But before this, the .  But before this, the .  But before this, the company you worked for had suffered a lot of losses company you worked for had suffered a lot of losses company you worked for had suffered a lot of losses .  So Karthik I got too much I .  So Karthik I got too much I .  So Karthik I got too much I miss this so much Rari Rari [Music] All intelligent people are intelligent people are intelligent people are not Vetri Kantha All successful people are not not Vetri Kantha All successful people are not not Vetri Kantha All successful people are not intelligent Not intelligent Para Para Para Para Para Para What is intelligent Not intelligent Para Para Para Para Para Para What is Raghuvaran What is Madam A man with money does not have character A Raghuvaran What is Madam A man with money does not have character A Raghuvaran What is Madam A man with money does not have character A man with character does not have money The man with character does not have money The lyrics just came and fell as soon as I saw you.  How lyrics just came and fell as soon as I saw you.  How lyrics just came and fell as soon as I saw you.  How are you?  Are you okay? are you?  Are you okay? are you?  Are you okay? What?  Did you end up selling vegetables without finding any work What?  Did you end up selling vegetables without finding any work What?  Did you end up selling vegetables without finding any work ? ? ? Yes, madam.  There is no work.  But Yes, madam.  There is no work.  But Yes, madam.  There is no work.  But let's say you went home and there's someone there to cook well let's say you went home and there's someone there to cook well let's say you went home and there's someone there to cook well .  I will .  I will .  I will lie down and sleep soundly as soon as I have eaten my fill, madam. lie down and sleep soundly as soon as I have eaten my fill, madam. lie down and sleep soundly as soon as I have eaten my fill, madam. Madam, after eating this, you will feel Madam, after eating this, you will feel Madam, after eating this, you will feel comfortable sleeping in the afternoon. comfortable sleeping in the afternoon. comfortable sleeping in the afternoon. That's right, madam.  Then I'll eat it in the evening That's right, madam.  Then I'll eat it in the evening That's right, madam.  Then I'll eat it in the evening . . . I'll just sit there, madam. I'll just sit there, madam. I'll just sit there, madam. Then my VIP boy Then my VIP boy Then my VIP boy will come.  I will just hang out with them in Jaliya will come.  I will just hang out with them in Jaliya will come.  I will just hang out with them in Jaliya .  Madam, this .  Madam, this .  Madam, this cutie is a unique talent, cutie is a unique talent, cutie is a unique talent, Madam.  Not everyone can.  But Madam.  Not everyone can.  But Madam.  Not everyone can.  But you can't be like that.   I'll you can't be like that.   I'll you can't be like that.   I'll go straight to the office from here.   I have to go straight to the office from here.   I have to think about what to do next.  Then you need think about what to do next.  Then you need think about what to do next.  Then you need to think about what projects you can buy.   The to think about what projects you can buy.   The to think about what projects you can buy.   The next person has to think about how else to get the project off the ground next person has to think about how else to get the project off the ground next person has to think about how else to get the project off the ground .  Then I have to .  Then I have to think about how to empty my innocent life.   It's think about how to empty my innocent life.   It's think about how to empty my innocent life.   It's not very difficult.  You not very difficult.  You not very difficult.  You can't be at peace, madam. can't be at peace, madam. can't be at peace, madam. My root is clear, madam, there is no weight on my lap, there is no My root is clear, madam, there is no weight on my lap, there is no My root is clear, madam, there is no weight on my lap, there is no fear on the way [Music] Uluthum dal 4 kg Uluthum dal 4 kg Uluthum dal 4 kg, two packets [Music] Uluthum dal 4 kg Uluthum dal 4 kg Uluthum dal 4 kg, two packets He does. He does. He does. No, madam, just like that, what baby, you miss me, baby, No, madam, just like that, what baby, you miss me, baby, who pays the balance to pay the tea? who pays the balance to pay the tea? who pays the balance to pay the tea? If you're going to stay like this for days, why don't you If you're going to stay like this for days, why don't you If you're going to stay like this for days, why don't you try something else? try something else? try something else? No, ma'am, I'm already trying.   You wo No, ma'am, I'm already trying.   You wo No, ma'am, I'm already trying.   You wo n't be able to get any job. n't be able to get any job. n't be able to get any job. I do I do I do n't know where all the enemies come from.  I'm looking forward to n't know where all the enemies come from.  I'm looking forward to n't know where all the enemies come from.  I'm looking forward to my work my work my work . . . Hey, if a person has a lot of enemies, it Hey, if a person has a lot of enemies, it means they are all afraid of him.   It means they are all afraid of him.   It means you're doing something great in your field right now.  Without enemies, life is a means you're doing something great in your field right now.  Without enemies, life is a means you're doing something great in your field right now.  Without enemies, life is a battle. battle. battle. They will come to these enemies.   They will They will come to these enemies.   They will They will come to these enemies.   They will go away on their own. go away on their own. go away on their own. Sir, good punch sir. Sir, good punch sir. Sir, good punch sir. You can write this down in the auto section.   I feel You can write this down in the auto section.   I feel You can write this down in the auto section.   I feel like they'll give it to me later. like they'll give it to me later. like they'll give it to me later. Nothing.  You go. Nothing.  You go. Nothing.  You go. Everyone is starting to hear this now Everyone is starting to hear this now Everyone is starting to hear this now .   I'm .   I'm .   I'm sorry. sorry. sorry. Raghuvaran, Raghuvaran, Raghuvaran, what is your dream? Start your what is your dream? Start your what is your dream? Start your own construction company with the VIP group boys. own construction company with the VIP group boys. Make an effort for that. Take a loan. Make an effort for that. Take a loan. Make an effort for that. Take a loan. Our sir will also help you. Our sir will also help you. Our sir will also help you. Start the comp. You can do it. Start the comp. You can do it. Start the comp. You can do it. I always I always I always go on the road without knowing what to do. But somehow my mother is doing something. go on the road without knowing what to do. But somehow my mother is doing something. Oh, if you start, my mother will come and buy Oh, if you start, my mother will come and buy Oh, if you start, my mother will come and buy sentimental things. sentimental things. Madam, Madam, Madam. Are you going to hide Madam, Madam, Madam. Are you going to hide Madam, Madam, Madam. Are you going to hide that tower? that tower? that tower? Oh, I love you, Ma. love you, Ma. love you, Ma. Hey, Moona, come and tell me about that rock. Hey, Moona, come and tell me about that rock. Hey, Moona, come and tell me about that rock. Yes, if he is not there, it will go away. Now pull it out and drink it.   If you drink it.   If you drink it.   If you play with everything, give him a cow, tell me play with everything, give him a cow, tell me play with everything, give him a cow, tell me how blue it is, tell me how much how blue it is, tell me how much You won't believe my tongue [screaming]. You won't believe my tongue [screaming]. You won't believe my tongue [screaming]. You can only believe the tape. You can only believe the tape. You can only believe the tape. Is that okay? Is that okay? Is that okay? Hey engineer, is that correct?   There's Hey engineer, is that correct?   There's Hey engineer, is that correct?   There's a tape for this, an engineer a tape for this, an engineer a tape for this, an engineer [shouting] is going to go and [shouting] is going to go and [shouting] is going to go and I'll put it in, push it. Hey, Hey, Hey, you're so fat, you're just trying to get by, you know? you're so fat, you're just trying to get by, you know? you're so fat, you're just trying to get by, you know? Don't you have anything else to do? You Don't you have anything else to do? You Don't you have anything else to do? You just got my [ __ ]?   We're just got my [ __ ]?   We're just got my [ __ ]?   We're going to share the bed. going to share the bed. going to share the bed. Can't we share a piece of fruit? Can't we share a piece of fruit? Can't we share a piece of fruit? I am your friend, but your breath is like I am your friend, but your breath is like I am your friend, but your breath is like my breath. my breath. my breath. Iron.   Listen to that, Iron.   Listen to that, Iron.   Listen to that, sweetie.   Do sweetie.   Do you think I'm the only one who's like Seema Ayyanar?   I've been holding it you think I'm the only one who's like Seema Ayyanar?   I've been holding it you think I'm the only one who's like Seema Ayyanar?   I've been holding it tightly.  There is no such thing as a bad thing tightly.  There is no such thing as a bad thing tightly.  There is no such thing as a bad thing .  Hey, handkerchief.  Why do you .  Hey, handkerchief.  Why do you .  Hey, handkerchief.  Why do you take your life like this?   It's the take your life like this?   It's the take your life like this?   It's the uncle's turn to desire the daughter, and it's the daughter's turn to desire the donkey uncle's turn to desire the daughter, and it's the daughter's turn to desire the donkey uncle's turn to desire the daughter, and it's the daughter's turn to desire the donkey .   Hey, .   Hey, .   Hey, where's the donkey?   It's where's the donkey?   It's where's the donkey?   It's you. you. you. Mom, quickly prepare dinner, it's time for Mom, quickly prepare dinner, it's time for Mom, quickly prepare dinner, it's time for the office.   Take a the office.   Take a the office.   Take a quick shower and come back. quick shower and come back. quick shower and come back. Mom, I won't let you go, uncle, please let me go. Mom, I won't let you go, uncle, please let me go. Mom, I won't let you go, uncle, please let me go. [Music] Let's finish everything, come on, everything, come on, everything, come on, what's up? What's up, what's up? [Music] Moona Rona, I don't know what you're doing, come on, come on, What's up, what's up? [Music] Moona Rona, I don't know what you're doing, come on, come on, these are the people who called out, "Come on, come these are the people who called out, "Come on, come these are the people who called out, "Come on, come Sorry, I just reversed the car. Sorry, I just reversed the car. Sorry, I just reversed the car. Why are you driving like a car, Moral Auto Travel Why are you driving like a car, Moral Auto Travel Why are you driving like a car, Moral Auto Travel ?  What are you staring at?  Which ?  What are you staring at?  Which ?  What are you staring at?  Which department are you in?  What's new?  This is department are you in?  What's new?  This is department are you in?  What's new?  This is my skirt.  Hey hey, my skirt.  Hey hey, you idiot [music] Hey, where are you going, you idiot [music] Hey, where are you going, you idiot [music] Hey, where are you going, security? Hey [music] The bazaar's Cooper didn't listen to you. The bazaar's Cooper didn't listen to you. The bazaar's Cooper didn't listen to you. Hey hey, stop man, Mini Cooper, the glasses are Hey hey, stop man, Mini Cooper, the glasses are Hey hey, stop man, Mini Cooper, the glasses are on. Who is he trying to put your life in danger on. Who is he trying to put your life in danger on. Who is he trying to put your life in danger ? ? ? There's a market in our creative There's a market in our creative There's a market in our creative department that department that department that gave us a mirror replacement and it worked fine.   Even if you gave us a mirror replacement and it worked fine.   Even if you say you'll change the car, she's not a submissive person.   It's all say you'll change the car, she's not a submissive person.   It's all say you'll change the car, she's not a submissive person.   It's all kids stub machan jujibi kids stub machan jujibi kids stub machan jujibi matter. matter. matter. Oh, really? Oh, really? Oh, really? Yes, ₹1000 is better. Yes, ₹1000 is better. Yes, ₹1000 is better. Can we watch it today? Let's catch a cab.  How can you Let's catch a cab.  How can you Let's catch a cab.  How can you all play football, Kallu? all play football, Kallu? all play football, Kallu? Hi Madhu, Hi Madhu, Hi Madhu, Hi Jagan. Hi Jagan. Hi Jagan. You better build it.  Hey, let's see the bazaar where the victims are being sold You better build it.  Hey, let's see the bazaar where the victims are being sold You better build it.  Hey, let's see the bazaar where the victims are being sold .   No, please .   No, please .   No, please . . . Hey, by the way, Madhu, meet my friend Ashwin. He just Hey, by the way, Madhu, meet my friend Ashwin. He just ran into the side mirror of your Jubilee car. ran into the side mirror of your Jubilee car. ran into the side mirror of your Jubilee car. I didn't say that, sir, he said that. I didn't say that, sir, he said that. I didn't say that, sir, he said that. Hey Peter, tell me, I need to get Hey Peter, tell me, I need to get Hey Peter, tell me, I need to get medical insurance for Ashwin. Okay, okay, let's medical insurance for Ashwin. Okay, okay, let's medical insurance for Ashwin. Okay, okay, let's see. [Music] Sir, I accidentally broke your side view mirror while parking. I'll accidentally broke your side view mirror while parking. I'll accidentally broke your side view mirror while parking. I'll replace it. replace it. replace it. Why do you know who you are? Why do you know who you are? Why do you know who you are? If you say it's my mistake, you'll get angry. If you say it's my mistake, you'll get angry. If you say it's my mistake, you'll get angry. Soyuz, Soyuz, Soyuz, why are you a scoundrel? Who will rule? why are you a scoundrel? Who will rule? why are you a scoundrel? Who will rule? You have all the liberty, Aunty, have you Aunty, have you Aunty, have you seen it somewhere? seen it somewhere? seen it somewhere? Hey, I'm new to this office. I joined only 10 days Hey, I'm new to this office. I joined only 10 days Hey, I'm new to this office. I joined only 10 days ago. ago. ago. Vizag Vizag Vizag System Admin System Admin System Admin Oh why, Moona, I'm talking on the phone, why, Moona, I'm talking on the phone, why, Moona, I'm talking on the phone, what's wrong with Veena, what's wrong with Veena, what's wrong with Veena, Ashwin, Ashwin, Ashwin, why don't you talk on my phone? why don't you talk on my phone? why don't you talk on my phone? That's why it's a problem when you see beautiful girls That's why it's a problem when you see beautiful girls That's why it's a problem when you see beautiful girls .  I can't sleep but I .  I can't sleep but I .  I can't sleep but I dream a lot.  I struggled dream a lot.  I struggled dream a lot.  I struggled to find a mobile number and sent a random SMS to find a mobile number and sent a random SMS to find a mobile number and sent a random SMS .  I have to lie a lot.  I want .  I have to lie a lot.  I want .  I have to lie a lot.  I want to write poetry and buy gifts.  Hey, live life, you do to write poetry and buy gifts.  Hey, live life, you do n't look at beautiful girls for a second. But But But I can see you as much as I want.  You know I can see you as much as I want.  You know I can see you as much as I want.  You know all this trouble, boy [music], when you see beautiful girls, you'll come. come. come. How? How? How? I told you, I told you, I forgot to bring my mobile phone when I was getting ready for the simple matter car ride.  Do we I forgot to bring my mobile phone when I was getting ready for the simple matter car ride.  Do we I forgot to bring my mobile phone when I was getting ready for the simple matter car ride.  Do we need a reason to meet again? need a reason to meet again? need a reason to meet again? Oh, I'm not as slobbery as you think, Oh, I'm not as slobbery as you think, Oh, I'm not as slobbery as you think, really, really, really, you, me, my car, your phone, you, me, my car, your phone, you, me, my car, your phone, you you you can't do anything about it. Empty empty empty empty Empty empty empty empty Empty empty empty empty who is this? Hey, you who is this? Hey, you left me alone and looked at me in one way or another, you left me alone and looked at me in one way or another, you left me alone and looked at me in one way or another, you talked in many ways, you changed the name of the floor to another, you changed the name of the floor to the floor, talked in many ways, you changed the name of the floor to another, you changed the name of the floor to the floor, you changed the name of the person  The you changed the name of the person  The you changed the name of the person  The door is not locked.   I will be there in a few door is not locked.   I will be there in a few door is not locked.   I will be there in a few minutes. minutes. minutes. Hey, what's up, Hey, what's up, Hey, what's up, are you looking for a bulb-lit child? are you looking for a bulb-lit child? are you looking for a bulb-lit child? Graphics cards are getting hotter Graphics cards are getting hotter Graphics cards are getting hotter . . . Hey, did you eat the spiced masala right away?   It's Hey, did you eat the spiced masala right away?   It's Hey, did you eat the spiced masala right away?   It's not a toy rat.  They touched the sandwich sauce and not a toy rat.  They touched the sandwich sauce and not a toy rat.  They touched the sandwich sauce and ate it, then left it with the same hand ate it, then left it with the same hand ate it, then left it with the same hand . . . Oh, is this a white rat job? Oh, is this a white rat job? Oh, is this a white rat job? Ashwin One Minute My game is auto Ashwin One Minute My game is auto Ashwin One Minute My game is auto crashing I can't make it work please see my crashing I can't make it work please see my crashing I can't make it work please see my sister. sister. sister. My shift is over and I'm My shift is over and I'm My shift is over and I'm leaving. leaving. leaving. A Mona Vaiha A Mona Vaiha A Mona Vaiha [Music] Kid for you. [Music] Kid for you. [Music] Kid for you. Why now?   The Why now?   The Why now?   The lost fruit you bought for your mother.   I lost fruit you bought for your mother.   I lost fruit you bought for your mother.   I said I don't want to.  The rising sun is ideal like this said I don't want to.  The rising sun is ideal like this said I don't want to.  The rising sun is ideal like this Sami is in the whole department. Hi [music] It's just just just perfect, isn't it? Is perfect, isn't it? Is perfect, isn't it? Is this what this struggle is for? You bought me a gift like Lucu and bought me a gift like Lucu and bought me a gift like Lucu and tortured me so much, girl. tortured me so much, girl. tortured me so much, girl. Tell the truth.  You do Tell the truth.  You do Tell the truth.  You do n't have the slightest interest in him.   It's like n't have the slightest interest in him.   It's like n't have the slightest interest in him.   It's like she'll miss even a single day of school she'll miss even a single day of school she'll miss even a single day of school .   " .   " .   " My love, my love, my love," he said, then he slightly then he slightly then he slightly raised his head and said, "I'll see if I can open such a big door raised his head and said, "I'll see if I can open such a big door ."  Seeing this today makes me ."  Seeing this today makes me ."  Seeing this today makes me want to give her a gift want to give her a gift want to give her a gift . . . Hey, what Hey, what Hey, what gift are you going to give me today? [Music] Ashwin, hi Madhu, hi Ashwin, hi Madhu, hi Ashwin, hi Madhu, hi what does this mean?   Do what does this mean?   Do what does this mean?   Do you like this?  Did you like this?  Did you like this?  Did you give me the belt?  What do you give me the belt?  What do you give me the belt?  What do you like about Tamiya?  I gave it to him.   What kind of you like about Tamiya?  I gave it to him.   What kind of you like about Tamiya?  I gave it to him.   What kind of wine are you looking for? Look at how Luca insults Jagan with all my gifts Look at how Luca insults Jagan with all my gifts Look at how Luca insults Jagan with all my gifts .   The .   The .   The gift you give to your lover should be more personal, more gift you give to your lover should be more personal, more gift you give to your lover should be more personal, more intimate, and intimate, and intimate, and whatever gift you give, it should always be whatever gift you give, it should always be whatever gift you give, it should always be close to him.  What are you saying? You're slipping, slipping, slipping, falling, you'd be dead if you fell. slipping, slipping, slipping, falling, you'd be dead if you fell. slipping, slipping, slipping, falling, you'd be dead if you fell. Suddenly, I was lying on one side, just like that. The Suddenly, I was lying on one side, just like that. The old chair at my mother-in-law's house was just like that. Just then, old chair at my mother-in-law's house was just like that. Just then, old chair at my mother-in-law's house was just like that. Just then, Moona Rona Moona Rona Moona Rona came, tied to a wire, jumped from there like a jump, and just like that, she came, tied to a wire, jumped from there like a jump, and just like that, she gave me her hand and gave me her hand and gave me her hand and tied me up. tied me up. tied me up. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. You can't believe it. But this is the truth, But this is the truth, But this is the truth, Uncle, the bond between me and Ashwin Uncle, the bond between me and Ashwin Uncle, the bond between me and Ashwin .  It .  It .  It didn't come today or yesterday. didn't come today or yesterday. didn't come today or yesterday. What's up, Mona Aruna? What's up, Mona Aruna? What's up, Mona Aruna? Why don't you come and see Why don't you come and see what the house I'm going to live in is like, Uncle what the house I'm going to live in is like, Uncle what the house I'm going to live in is like, Uncle ?  The answer to this is, ?  The answer to this is, ?  The answer to this is, you are a hot, cold person, and you you are a hot, cold person, and you you are a hot, cold person, and you are drinking a cup of coffee.  Hello, are drinking a cup of coffee.  Hello, are drinking a cup of coffee.  Hello, father, are you okay?   Do you father, are you okay?   Do you father, are you okay?   Do you know who this is? know who this is? know who this is? Why don't you know that your brother's daughter-in-law is Why don't you know that your brother's daughter-in-law is Why don't you know that your brother's daughter-in-law is your daughter-in-law?  Oh, sorry, I forgot.   I don't understand, your daughter-in-law?  Oh, sorry, I forgot.   I don't understand, your daughter-in-law?  Oh, sorry, I forgot.   I don't understand, I forgot to give this to our friend. I forgot to give this to our friend. I forgot to give this to our friend. You don't want any of this stuff, just clear the space You don't want any of this stuff, just clear the space You don't want any of this stuff, just clear the space . . . Andy, be fair to yourself.  Whenever we come to Andy, be fair to yourself.  Whenever we come to Andy, be fair to yourself.  Whenever we come to see what we love in Parmala, we always see what we love in Parmala, we always see what we love in Parmala, we always see fruits, see fruits, see fruits, coca fruits, lantha fruits, and the coca fruits, lantha fruits, and the coca fruits, lantha fruits, and the tiger that doesn't give a damn. tiger that doesn't give a damn. tiger that doesn't give a damn. He remembered all this without forgetting it. He remembered all this without forgetting it. He remembered all this without forgetting it. In return, he is scolding me for not giving him a gift In return, he is scolding me for not giving him a gift In return, he is scolding me for not giving him a gift . . . Go away. Go away. Go away. What's wrong with chasing?  Uncle, I'm not What's wrong with chasing?  Uncle, I'm not What's wrong with chasing?  Uncle, I'm not coming Uncle Tata, coming Uncle Tata, coming Uncle Tata, what is this gift that he what is this gift that he what is this gift that he bought, bought, bought, do you know what color he bought? do you know what color he bought? do you know what color he bought? Hey, if you think it's a cab, is this what he bought? The Hey, if you think it's a cab, is this what he bought? The Hey, if you think it's a cab, is this what he bought? The right thing is to come. Hey, come, come, what the hell is that man? Show me your hand. hand. hand. What's in your hand? The letter is a What's in your hand? The letter is a What's in your hand? The letter is a newspaper boy. You just put it away newspaper boy. You just put it away newspaper boy. You just put it away .  I'm calling my girlfriend .  I'm calling my girlfriend .  I'm calling my girlfriend .  We've come to what's wrong.   Hey .  We've come to what's wrong.   Hey .  We've come to what's wrong.   Hey girlfriend, what are you doing? girlfriend, what are you doing? girlfriend, what are you doing? I'm afraid of dogs. I'm afraid of dogs. I'm afraid of dogs. It's afraid of you, so you're telling me that you're a dog It's afraid of you, so you're telling me that you're a dog It's afraid of you, so you're telling me that you're a dog .   There is .   There is .   There is another dog that is okay with this dog. another dog that is okay with this dog. another dog that is okay with this dog. He is my brother. He is my brother. He is my brother. I am that dog. I am that dog. I am that dog. What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? Hey, who is that? Hey, who is that? Hey, who is that? Your future groom.  What's Your future groom.  What's Your future groom.  What's going on in this house?  What kind of daughter are going on in this house?  What kind of daughter are going on in this house?  What kind of daughter are you raising?  I've been jogging for half an hour and then you raising?  I've been jogging for half an hour and then someone beeps the horn. someone beeps the horn. someone beeps the horn. She gives a signal in return.   He would have run away with a broken heart. Is She gives a signal in return.   He would have run away with a broken heart. Is this something a girl studying in standard school should do? this something a girl studying in standard school should do? this something a girl studying in standard school should do? Call me, bro. Call me, bro. What if I don't come on time What if I don't come on time What if I don't come on time ?   I would have ?   I would have ?   I would have given this to you properly, bro given this to you properly, bro given this to you properly, bro .  If you read the love letter, .  If you read the love letter, .  If you read the love letter, what signal is there? what signal is there? what signal is there? Stop Stop Stop it now. Treat my boyfriend like this. it now. Treat my boyfriend like this. it now. Treat my boyfriend like this. Hello. I know that your girlfriend has a boyfriend. Come sit down. Give me your Hello. I know that your girlfriend has a boyfriend. Come sit down. Give me your phone number and a pen. He will tell you phone number and a pen. He will tell you phone number and a pen. He will tell you all the stories of the beautiful Mandrakumi. all the stories of the beautiful Mandrakumi. all the stories of the beautiful Mandrakumi. We have been patiently We have been patiently We have been patiently listening to you. But you are listening to you. But you are listening to you. But you are insulting my boyfriend. How else can insulting my boyfriend. How else can insulting my boyfriend. How else can you write a love letter to your boyfriend at school? How can you write a love letter to your boyfriend at school? How can you be wise enough to you be wise enough to you be wise enough to buy a love letter from a lover? It is natural for buy a love letter from a lover? It is natural for buy a love letter from a lover? It is natural for you you you to talk too much. to talk too much. to talk too much. Look at what is going on there. Look at what is going on there. Look at what is going on there. Hey, is this a love letter? Hey, is this a love letter? Hey, is this a love letter? Yes, Yes, Yes, this is the NCERT application this is the NCERT application this is the NCERT application form. Is it the form. Is it the form. Is it the application form?  [Music] application form?  [Music] application form?  [Music] Then why the theft? Then why the theft? Then why the theft? A pet dog that has been raised and kept.   Scared of A pet dog that has been raised and kept.   Scared of A pet dog that has been raised and kept.   Scared of that, he that, he that, he waved his hand and called out from there.  If I fell in love, I would waved his hand and called out from there.  If I fell in love, I would waved his hand and called out from there.  If I fell in love, I would call my mother and call my mother and call my mother and boldly introduce her as my lover boldly introduce her as my lover boldly introduce her as my lover . . . Pushpu I love you, Pushpu I love you, Pushpu I love you, put it on put it on put it on Hey, you are the only one who can die. Hey, come here, Hey, you are the only one who can die. Hey, come here, my golden eyes. Nothing will happen to you. You are a false eye that does not scare me. I my golden eyes. Nothing will happen to you. You are a false eye that does not scare me. I will leave you like this. Come will leave you like this. Come will leave you like this. Come here, I am asking you, little flower, my dear, my dear, here, I am asking you, little flower, my dear, my dear, here, I am asking you, little flower, my dear, my dear, my dear, my poor my dear, my poor my dear, my poor green child has come running on the unknown green child has come running on the unknown green child has come running on the unknown tracks.  I didn't notice the trap, so we ended up in tracks.  I didn't notice the trap, so we ended up in Albay.  I don't know if Albay.  I don't know if Albay.  I don't know if you have any concerns, sir. This is also a you have any concerns, sir. This is also a you have any concerns, sir. This is also a problem, sir.  Sir, let's go buy him some clothes problem, sir.  Sir, let's go buy him some clothes problem, sir.  Sir, let's go buy him some clothes .  They left me without even looking at my face. .  They left me without even looking at my face. .  They left me without even looking at my face. Father, don't worry. Father, don't worry. Father, don't worry. [Music] You're great. You're in my great. You're in my great. You're in my uncle's hands. If you ask me to put a pot in my hand, I'll tell you. You're the one who's eating an uncle's hands. If you ask me to put a pot in my hand, I'll tell you. You're the one who's eating an empty pot. empty pot. Why don't you put a pot in it? Give me some Why don't you put a pot in it? Give me some Why don't you put a pot in it? Give me some money.  Oh, two, four, six, 10, I money.  Oh, two, four, six, 10, I won't let you go won't let you go You don't know anything about what happened, You don't know anything about what happened, You don't know anything about what happened, sir. sir. sir. Sir, I'm sorry, sir, but Sir, I'm sorry, sir, but Sir, I'm sorry, sir, but I don't know anything.  I myself came here with a lot of obstacles I don't know anything.  I myself came here with a lot of obstacles I don't know anything.  I myself came here with a lot of obstacles .  Okay, okay, go. Hey, Kavaskarar Party sir, hello sir, Hey, Kavaskarar Party sir, hello sir, Hey, Kavaskarar Party sir, hello sir, what's your name what's your name what's your name sir, Kali sir, sir, Kali sir, sir, Kali sir, how were you beaten how were you beaten how were you beaten sir, did you come when you said that Amma Puliyar bought it? sir, did you come when you said that Amma Puliyar bought it? sir, did you come when you said that Amma Puliyar bought it? That Vajram That Vajram That Vajram sir, sir, he was the one who made the mark, sir, I sir, sir, he was the one who made the mark, sir, I saw him coming and shouting with his followers, I was shocked, the flow of the crowd saw him coming and shouting with his followers, I was shocked, the flow of the crowd saw him coming and shouting with his followers, I was shocked, the flow of the crowd ran away before I could see it, ran away before I could see it, ran away before I could see it, sir, I left him to beat the pot.  Two or three sir, I left him to beat the pot.  Two or three sir, I left him to beat the pot.  Two or three belts, sir, belts, sir, belts, sir, did you stop the donation? did you stop the donation? did you stop the donation? Yes, sir, Yes, sir, Yes, sir, this is the real one who fell, sir, see this is the real one who fell, sir, see how he was hit on the head, how he was hit on the head, how he was hit on the head, sir, what was it that hit him, sir, was there a bruise on the place where it came from? Sir, it's sir, what was it that hit him, sir, was there a bruise on the place where it came from? Sir, it's sir, what was it that hit him, sir, was there a bruise on the place where it came from? Sir, it's the same, sir, as if he saw it directly, the same, sir, as if he saw it directly, the same, sir, as if he saw it directly, sir, sir, you say that no one saw this murder.  Sir, did you even see the belt that was worn you say that no one saw this murder.  Sir, did you even see the belt that was worn you say that no one saw this murder.  Sir, did you even see the belt that was worn ? ? ? We see you, sir. We see you, sir. We see you, sir. You make the pen wet and the pen is too big. You make the pen wet and the pen is too big. You make the pen wet and the pen is too big. We don't know such a Thirukkural, We don't know such a Thirukkural, We don't know such a Thirukkural, sir Bharathi Antha sir Bharathi Antha sir Bharathi Antha