we've been married a while. And a lot of we've been married a while. And a lot of we've been married a while. And a lot of people say, a lot of people say, "Oh, people say, a lot of people say, "Oh, people say, a lot of people say, "Oh, you know, a lot of married couples start you know, a lot of married couples start you know, a lot of married couples start having kids after two, three years of having kids after two, three years of having kids after two, three years of marriage." At the two, three year mark, marriage." At the two, three year mark, marriage." At the two, three year mark, that's when a lot of couples start that's when a lot of couples start that's when a lot of couples start having kids. Okay, great. You know, my having kids. Okay, great. You know, my having kids. Okay, great. You know, my wife and I, we've talked about this and wife and I, we've talked about this and wife and I, we've talked about this and we agree we're we're not ready for kids. we agree we're we're not ready for kids. we agree we're we're not ready for kids. Not even not even close. You know, Not even not even close. You know, Not even not even close. You know, incidentally, we actually have two kids. incidentally, we actually have two kids. incidentally, we actually have two kids. We're not ready for them, but we have We're not ready for them, but we have We're not ready for them, but we have them. [laughter] them. [laughter] them. [laughter] We love them. We just don't know what We love them. We just don't know what We love them. We just don't know what we're doing, you know? we're doing, you know? we're doing, you know? It's very scary. It's very scary. It's very scary. We got two little We got a 2-year-old We got two little We got a 2-year-old We got two little We got a 2-year-old little boy and then we got a little boy and then we got a little boy and then we got a four-year-old little uh you know, one of four-year-old little uh you know, one of four-year-old little uh you know, one of the little girl ones here. You seen the little girl ones here. You seen the little girl ones here. You seen these things? [laughter] these things? [laughter] these things? [laughter] They're so cute. They are so cute. I They're so cute. They are so cute. I They're so cute. They are so cute. I mean, they're not all cute, obviously. mean, they're not all cute, obviously. mean, they're not all cute, obviously. Some of them are like, "Oh, Some of them are like, "Oh, Some of them are like, "Oh, I've seen some duds." THAT'S ALL I'M I've seen some duds." THAT'S ALL I'M I've seen some duds." THAT'S ALL I'M SAYING. SAYING. SAYING. YOU EVER HAVE someone show you a picture YOU EVER HAVE someone show you a picture YOU EVER HAVE someone show you a picture of their kid on their phone and then of their kid on their phone and then of their kid on their phone and then you're like you're like you're like this? Are you kidding? [laughter] this? Are you kidding? [laughter] this? Are you kidding? [laughter] No, No, No, >> you're not kidding. Okay. Oh, yeah. >> you're not kidding. Okay. Oh, yeah. >> you're not kidding. Okay. Oh, yeah. Yeah. She's very pretty. Oh, that's your Yeah. She's very pretty. Oh, that's your Yeah. She's very pretty. Oh, that's your son. Okay. All right. Very handsome son. Okay. All right. Very handsome son. Okay. All right. Very handsome young man. [laughter] young man. [laughter] young man. [laughter] That's not We We got to We got to go to That's not We We got to We got to go to That's not We We got to We got to go to our our daughter's She's very pleasing our our daughter's She's very pleasing our our daughter's She's very pleasing to the eye. Uh No, she's beautiful. In to the eye. Uh No, she's beautiful. In to the eye. Uh No, she's beautiful. In fact, she looks exactly like my wife. fact, she looks exactly like my wife. fact, she looks exactly like my wife. like like like exactly nothing to me. like like like exactly nothing to me. like like like exactly nothing to me. It's all my wife. In fact, my wife likes It's all my wife. In fact, my wife likes It's all my wife. In fact, my wife likes to joke around and say that I'm not the to joke around and say that I'm not the to joke around and say that I'm not the father and we laugh. That is comedy. That is comedy. That is comedy. I love [cheering] it. Yes. [applause] And it never gets old. Yeah. That's the And it never gets old. Yeah. That's the And it never gets old. Yeah. That's the beauty of it. When when my wife was pregnant with my When when my wife was pregnant with my When when my wife was pregnant with my daughter, she was so scared. She was daughter, she was so scared. She was daughter, she was so scared. She was terrified of the uh the delivery, you terrified of the uh the delivery, you terrified of the uh the delivery, you know, the birth. And she handled it like know, the birth. And she handled it like know, the birth. And she handled it like a champ. And I knew she would. I wasn't a champ. And I knew she would. I wasn't a champ. And I knew she would. I wasn't surprised. I knew she'd she'd do it surprised. I knew she'd she'd do it surprised. I knew she'd she'd do it great cuz it's true what they say about great cuz it's true what they say about great cuz it's true what they say about women, right? Women Women have an women, right? Women Women have an women, right? Women Women have an extremely high tolerance for pain. It's extremely high tolerance for pain. It's extremely high tolerance for pain. It's insane. Which I think is kind of weird insane. Which I think is kind of weird insane. Which I think is kind of weird considering they have such a low considering they have such a low considering they have such a low tolerance for mild inconvenience. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> The guy just stood up. He's sleeping on >> The guy just stood up. He's sleeping on >> The guy just stood up. He's sleeping on the couch for a few. [laughter] >> It's It's weird though. It's true. You >> It's It's weird though. It's true. You >> It's It's weird though. It's true. You know, my wife, she can push a 9 lb baby know, my wife, she can push a 9 lb baby know, my wife, she can push a 9 lb baby through the inside of her body. But through the inside of her body. But through the inside of her body. But heaven forbid Hulu Plus has commercials. heaven forbid Hulu Plus has commercials. heaven forbid Hulu Plus has commercials. That's too much for her to handle. That's too much for her to handle. That's too much for her to handle. I don't get that. We had a We had a hard time naming our We had a We had a hard time naming our We had a We had a hard time naming our kids cuz uh we couldn't agree on kids cuz uh we couldn't agree on kids cuz uh we couldn't agree on anything. And she'd say a name and I'd anything. And she'd say a name and I'd anything. And she'd say a name and I'd be like, "Nah, that's stupid." Then I'd be like, "Nah, that's stupid." Then I'd be like, "Nah, that's stupid." Then I'd say a name and she'd be like, "Nah, say a name and she'd be like, "Nah, say a name and she'd be like, "Nah, you're stupid." you're stupid." you're stupid." So, what we ended up doing is we ended So, what we ended up doing is we ended So, what we ended up doing is we ended up just taking turns. Okay. So, she got up just taking turns. Okay. So, she got up just taking turns. Okay. So, she got to name my daughter, and she named her to name my daughter, and she named her to name my daughter, and she named her Edie after uh I don't know, her mom or Edie after uh I don't know, her mom or Edie after uh I don't know, her mom or dad or something. dad or something. dad or something. So, so my daughter's name is Edy So, so my daughter's name is Edy So, so my daughter's name is Edy which [laughter] it's hard to believe we never said the it's hard to believe we never said the it's hard to believe we never said the whole thing out loud before mailing in whole thing out loud before mailing in whole thing out loud before mailing in the paperwork. [laughter] the paperwork. [laughter] the paperwork. [laughter] That's exactly what happened. That's exactly what happened. That's exactly what happened. Basically, she's going to hate us as Basically, she's going to hate us as Basically, she's going to hate us as soon as she meets another person. soon as she meets another person. soon as she meets another person. So, I got to name my son. And I've So, I got to name my son. And I've So, I got to name my son. And I've always been a big fan of Michael Jordan. always been a big fan of Michael Jordan. always been a big fan of Michael Jordan. Huge fan. Watched all his games growing Huge fan. Watched all his games growing Huge fan. Watched all his games growing up, right? Had the Air Jordan sneakers. up, right? Had the Air Jordan sneakers. up, right? Had the Air Jordan sneakers. In fact, these are the uh retro 11 bread In fact, these are the uh retro 11 bread In fact, these are the uh retro 11 bread low Air Jordans. Thank you very much. low Air Jordans. Thank you very much. low Air Jordans. Thank you very much. Pretty cool. Anyway, uh so my son's name Pretty cool. Anyway, uh so my son's name Pretty cool. Anyway, uh so my son's name is Basketball Shoe. And uh I love him. I do feel bad for him And uh I love him. I do feel bad for him And uh I love him. I do feel bad for him cuz he's the second kid, you know, and cuz he's the second kid, you know, and cuz he's the second kid, you know, and second kids, they always get the short second kids, they always get the short second kids, they always get the short end of the stick. Oh, they it's it's end of the stick. Oh, they it's it's end of the stick. Oh, they it's it's terrible. We don't do it on purpose, but terrible. We don't do it on purpose, but terrible. We don't do it on purpose, but especially like with pictures. We have especially like with pictures. We have especially like with pictures. We have so many pictures of Edie doing so many pictures of Edie doing so many pictures of Edie doing everything. She's our firstborn. everything. She's our firstborn. everything. She's our firstborn. Everything she does is exciting and new Everything she does is exciting and new Everything she does is exciting and new to us. You know, everything Shu does is to us. You know, everything Shu does is to us. You know, everything Shu does is seen it. You know, we start calling him seen it. You know, we start calling him seen it. You know, we start calling him Shu because there's another basketball Shu because there's another basketball Shu because there's another basketball at his daycare. at his daycare. at his daycare. [laughter] But, uh, [laughter] But, uh, [laughter] But, uh, I just get scared that, you know, one I just get scared that, you know, one I just get scared that, you know, one day he's going to come up to me and be day he's going to come up to me and be day he's going to come up to me and be like, "Do you guys have any pictures of like, "Do you guys have any pictures of like, "Do you guys have any pictures of me at all?" And I got to be like, "Yes, me at all?" And I got to be like, "Yes, me at all?" And I got to be like, "Yes, we do. We got a picture of you with your we do. We got a picture of you with your we do. We got a picture of you with your mom right after you were born." And then mom right after you were born." And then mom right after you were born." And then I think there's a high school graduation I think there's a high school graduation I think there's a high school graduation picture picture picture somewhere around here. I think it's somewhere around here. I think it's somewhere around here. I think it's under one of those ED albums. under one of those ED albums. under one of those ED albums. I I do like I do like the set. I I do like I do like the set. I I do like I do like the set. They reached out to me before and they They reached out to me before and they They reached out to me before and they were like, "What what do you want your were like, "What what do you want your were like, "What what do you want your set to to look like?" I just said, "You set to to look like?" I just said, "You set to to look like?" I just said, "You know what? Just just keep it simple. know what? Just just keep it simple. know what? Just just keep it simple. Just keep it simple as long as it looks Just keep it simple as long as it looks Just keep it simple as long as it looks like the cover of a Christopher Cross like the cover of a Christopher Cross like the cover of a Christopher Cross album. album. album. I think I think we're going to be all I think I think we're going to be all I think I think we're going to be all right. I just don't want my kids to be dumb I just don't want my kids to be dumb I just don't want my kids to be dumb people." Okay. Is that too much to ask? people." Okay. Is that too much to ask? people." Okay. Is that too much to ask? I don't think it's going to happen. That I don't think it's going to happen. That I don't think it's going to happen. That sounds bad. I don't think it's going to sounds bad. I don't think it's going to sounds bad. I don't think it's going to happen. But you know what? There's a lot happen. But you know what? There's a lot happen. But you know what? There's a lot of dumb people out there. Someone's of dumb people out there. Someone's of dumb people out there. Someone's making them. making them. making them. Nobody Nobody's making dumb people on Nobody Nobody's making dumb people on Nobody Nobody's making dumb people on purpose, right? I think at some point purpose, right? I think at some point purpose, right? I think at some point you just kind of look at your kid and you just kind of look at your kid and you just kind of look at your kid and you're just like, "A crap." you're just like, "A crap." you're just like, "A crap." Yeah, we got a dumb one. [laughter] So, you know what I'm talking about. So, you know what I'm talking about. So, you know what I'm talking about. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I took an Uber to the airport and we're >> I took an Uber to the airport and we're >> I took an Uber to the airport and we're getting close to the airport. My Uber getting close to the airport. My Uber getting close to the airport. My Uber driver looks up at the signs. He turns driver looks up at the signs. He turns driver looks up at the signs. He turns back at me. He goes, "Uh, are you back at me. He goes, "Uh, are you back at me. He goes, "Uh, are you arriving or departing? arriving or departing? arriving or departing? Somebody made that guy. Somebody made that guy. Somebody made that guy. Am I arriving or [laughter] Am I arriving or [laughter] Am I arriving or [laughter] uh I'm arriving? Yeah, I just got to uh I'm arriving? Yeah, I just got to uh I'm arriving? Yeah, I just got to stop at baggage claim, pick up my bags. stop at baggage claim, pick up my bags. stop at baggage claim, pick up my bags. I'll be right out. Thanks. I'll be right out. Thanks. I'll be right out. Thanks. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Thanks for picking me up. >> Thanks for picking me up. >> Thanks for picking me up. I took one of those special flights I took one of those special flights I took one of those special flights where they fly to your house and then where they fly to your house and then where they fly to your house and then you take an Uber to go get your bag at you take an Uber to go get your bag at you take an Uber to go get your bag at the airport. [laughter] the airport. [laughter] the airport. [laughter] Thank you for asking. Thank you for asking. Thank you for asking. Not a lot of drivers do. Five stars. My wife and I were doing our best. It's My wife and I were doing our best. It's My wife and I were doing our best. It's hard with kids to get wife time. You hard with kids to get wife time. You hard with kids to get wife time. You know, our idea of going out and having a know, our idea of going out and having a know, our idea of going out and having a night out is basically waiting till the night out is basically waiting till the night out is basically waiting till the kids fall asleep and watching Netflix. kids fall asleep and watching Netflix. kids fall asleep and watching Netflix. [laughter] Here's how it works at our [laughter] Here's how it works at our [laughter] Here's how it works at our house. One of us picks out the movie and house. One of us picks out the movie and house. One of us picks out the movie and the other one hates their life for 90 the other one hates their life for 90 the other one hates their life for 90 minutes minutes minutes and then we switch [applause] the next and then we switch [applause] the next and then we switch [applause] the next week. So, my wife picked out this movie one So, my wife picked out this movie one So, my wife picked out this movie one week. It's called uh It's her turn to week. It's called uh It's her turn to week. It's called uh It's her turn to pick the movie. She picked this movie. pick the movie. She picked this movie. pick the movie. She picked this movie. It's called The Notes on a Scandal. It's It's called The Notes on a Scandal. It's It's called The Notes on a Scandal. It's about a high school teacher that has an about a high school teacher that has an about a high school teacher that has an affair with one of her students. affair with one of her students. affair with one of her students. My wife is a high school teacher. My wife is a high school teacher. My wife is a high school teacher. So, right away, I hate this movie. So, right away, I hate this movie. So, right away, I hate this movie. Halfway through the movie, she turns to Halfway through the movie, she turns to Halfway through the movie, she turns to me, big smile on her face, and she goes, me, big smile on her face, and she goes, me, big smile on her face, and she goes, "Babe," totally hypothetically. "Babe," totally hypothetically. "Babe," totally hypothetically. What would you do What would you do What would you do if I told you I had an affair with a if I told you I had an affair with a if I told you I had an affair with a student? student? student? What kind of a game is this? Is that a What kind of a game is this? Is that a What kind of a game is this? Is that a fun game? I said, "I don't know, babe. fun game? I said, "I don't know, babe. fun game? I said, "I don't know, babe. Why don't you try not to?" [laughter] Why don't you try not to?" [laughter] Why don't you try not to?" [laughter] And then she got mad at me And then she got mad at me And then she got mad at me for how I She's like, "Are you kidding for how I She's like, "Are you kidding for how I She's like, "Are you kidding me? You think that's something I could me? You think that's something I could me? You think that's something I could do? You think I'm capable of you think I do? You think I'm capable of you think I do? You think I'm capable of you think I would actually I'm just like, how am I would actually I'm just like, how am I would actually I'm just like, how am I in trouble here? in trouble here? in trouble here? [laughter] What could I do?" So the next week we're watching my So the next week we're watching my So the next week we're watching my movie. I got to pick out the movie, movie. I got to pick out the movie, movie. I got to pick out the movie, right? So halfway through my movie, I right? So halfway through my movie, I right? So halfway through my movie, I look at my wife and I go, "Oh, hey babe. look at my wife and I go, "Oh, hey babe. look at my wife and I go, "Oh, hey babe. Totally hypothetically, Totally hypothetically, Totally hypothetically, what would you do if I told you what would you do if I told you what would you do if I told you I was a stormtrooper? I was a stormtrooper? I was a stormtrooper? Doesn't feel so good, does it? Doesn't feel so good, does it? Doesn't feel so good, does it? She called me a I went to bed. It's very frustrating. It's very frustrating. It's very frustrating. We're just very different. My wife and I We're just very different. My wife and I We're just very different. My wife and I were very different. We come from were very different. We come from were very different. We come from different backgrounds. Like, I came from different backgrounds. Like, I came from different backgrounds. Like, I came from a normal family, you know? a normal family, you know? a normal family, you know? >> [laughter] >> She she just came from like a hippie- >> She she just came from like a hippie- >> She she just came from like a hippie- dippy family, you know? Her dad's an dippy family, you know? Her dad's an dippy family, you know? Her dad's an actual hippie, her mom's a holistic actual hippie, her mom's a holistic actual hippie, her mom's a holistic nurse. And I just if first of all, if nurse. And I just if first of all, if nurse. And I just if first of all, if you don't know what holistic medicine you don't know what holistic medicine you don't know what holistic medicine is, it's basically like remember when is, it's basically like remember when is, it's basically like remember when you were little and you play house, you you were little and you play house, you you were little and you play house, you know, you you pretend you had to go to know, you you pretend you had to go to know, you you pretend you had to go to the doctor, but you're a kid, so you the doctor, but you're a kid, so you the doctor, but you're a kid, so you don't have medical equipment, so you don't have medical equipment, so you don't have medical equipment, so you just kind of use sticks and rocks and just kind of use sticks and rocks and just kind of use sticks and rocks and stuff. [laughter] stuff. [laughter] stuff. [laughter] That's holistic medicine. Here's That's holistic medicine. Here's That's holistic medicine. Here's here's a better example. When I was here's a better example. When I was here's a better example. When I was single, before I met my wife, I used to single, before I met my wife, I used to single, before I met my wife, I used to use Irish Spring, okay? It's good soap. use Irish Spring, okay? It's good soap. use Irish Spring, okay? It's good soap. I like it. That was my soap. And then I I like it. That was my soap. And then I I like it. That was my soap. And then I met my wife. We got married. We move in met my wife. We got married. We move in met my wife. We got married. We move in together. She sees my soap in the shower together. She sees my soap in the shower together. She sees my soap in the shower one day and she freaks out. She's like, one day and she freaks out. She's like, one day and she freaks out. She's like, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What? What is "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What? What is "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What? What is this? Come here. What is this? this? Come here. What is this? this? Come here. What is this? You kidding [clears throat] me? That You kidding [clears throat] me? That You kidding [clears throat] me? That That has aluminum in it. That's That has aluminum in it. That's That has aluminum in it. That's terrible. [laughter] terrible. [laughter] terrible. [laughter] That has aluminum in it. I'm like I'm That has aluminum in it. I'm like I'm That has aluminum in it. I'm like I'm like like like uh I I didn't see any. uh I I didn't see any. uh I I didn't see any. She's like, "You cannot use that. You She's like, "You cannot use that. You She's like, "You cannot use that. You can't use that. Here, you got to use can't use that. Here, you got to use can't use that. Here, you got to use this weird misshapen oatmeal rock I this weird misshapen oatmeal rock I this weird misshapen oatmeal rock I bought from a homeless person at the bought from a homeless person at the bought from a homeless person at the farmers market. farmers market. farmers market. This is what your body needs. This is what your body needs. This is what your body needs. It's the good stuff. All right. It's the good stuff. All right. It's the good stuff. All right. Whatever. Hey, I'm a married guy. I Whatever. Hey, I'm a married guy. I Whatever. Hey, I'm a married guy. I don't want to make waves. I know how it don't want to make waves. I know how it don't want to make waves. I know how it goes, right? So, I'm using her soap. goes, right? So, I'm using her soap. goes, right? So, I'm using her soap. Okay. [laughter] Uh, first of all, it Okay. [laughter] Uh, first of all, it Okay. [laughter] Uh, first of all, it hurts cuz there's pebbles in it. hurts cuz there's pebbles in it. hurts cuz there's pebbles in it. I don't know who's running quality I don't know who's running quality I don't know who's running quality control at the Hippie Dippy soap control at the Hippie Dippy soap control at the Hippie Dippy soap factory, but I think they're asleep at factory, but I think they're asleep at factory, but I think they're asleep at the wheels. There's a lot of junk going the wheels. There's a lot of junk going the wheels. There's a lot of junk going down that line. No one's picking out. down that line. No one's picking out. down that line. No one's picking out. I love my wife Sarah to death. I have no I love my wife Sarah to death. I have no I love my wife Sarah to death. I have no idea honestly why such a quality woman idea honestly why such a quality woman idea honestly why such a quality woman would stay with me for 10 minutes. I would stay with me for 10 minutes. I would stay with me for 10 minutes. I will keep her as long as she is will keep her as long as she is will keep her as long as she is misguided enough to stay. misguided enough to stay. misguided enough to stay. But I came home one day and she ambushed But I came home one day and she ambushed But I came home one day and she ambushed me with a question and I did not have me with a question and I did not have me with a question and I did not have time to uh what's the word for that? time to uh what's the word for that? time to uh what's the word for that? Think. [laughter] Think. [laughter] Think. [laughter] And she said, "Will you still love me And she said, "Will you still love me And she said, "Will you still love me when I'm fat and sassy?" And I said, when I'm fat and sassy?" And I said, when I'm fat and sassy?" And I said, "You're not thinking of turning sassy on "You're not thinking of turning sassy on "You're not thinking of turning sassy on me, are you? >> [laughter] >> I agree. Bad answer. Bad answer. >> I agree. Bad answer. Bad answer. >> I agree. Bad answer. Bad answer. But I hope you listen to yourself on But I hope you listen to yourself on But I hope you listen to yourself on that one. I hope you listen to your that one. I hope you listen to your that one. I hope you listen to your response on that one. You can learn a response on that one. You can learn a response on that one. You can learn a lot about men and women by how you react lot about men and women by how you react lot about men and women by how you react to that joke. Let's be honest, that was to that joke. Let's be honest, that was to that joke. Let's be honest, that was a man's joke. That was a man's joke. But a man's joke. That was a man's joke. But a man's joke. That was a man's joke. But as I looked around the room, there was as I looked around the room, there was as I looked around the room, there was only two men dumb enough to actually only two men dumb enough to actually only two men dumb enough to actually laugh out loud at that joke. Even the laugh out loud at that joke. Even the laugh out loud at that joke. Even the men were going, "Oh, that was suicide. men were going, "Oh, that was suicide. men were going, "Oh, that was suicide. Man, that was absolute suicide. What is Man, that was absolute suicide. What is Man, that was absolute suicide. What is the matter with you [laughter] the matter with you [laughter] the matter with you [laughter] and all the booing and the disapproval and all the booing and the disapproval and all the booing and the disapproval was coming from the women. And I just was coming from the women. And I just was coming from the women. And I just want to say from my heart, I love you want to say from my heart, I love you want to say from my heart, I love you for that. Feel good about yourselves for for that. Feel good about yourselves for for that. Feel good about yourselves for that. It makes you better than most men. that. It makes you better than most men. that. It makes you better than most men. You cared about my wife and you've never You cared about my wife and you've never You cared about my wife and you've never even met her, but it didn't matter to even met her, but it didn't matter to even met her, but it didn't matter to you. You sensed that a sister had been you. You sensed that a sister had been you. You sensed that a sister had been wounded. wounded. wounded. And you circled the wagons and you said, And you circled the wagons and you said, And you circled the wagons and you said, "Kill him. Kill him. Take him out behind "Kill him. Kill him. Take him out behind "Kill him. Kill him. Take him out behind the shed and kill him. [laughter] the shed and kill him. [laughter] the shed and kill him. [laughter] Feel good about yourselves for that. It Feel good about yourselves for that. It Feel good about yourselves for that. It makes you It elevates you. It makes you makes you It elevates you. It makes you makes you It elevates you. It makes you better than most men. You cared about better than most men. You cared about better than most men. You cared about another woman you had never met. Does a another woman you had never met. Does a another woman you had never met. Does a man care about another man he's never man care about another man he's never man care about another man he's never met? Not usually. [laughter] met? Not usually. [laughter] met? Not usually. [laughter] You ought to see the horrible things we You ought to see the horrible things we You ought to see the horrible things we do to our best friends. do to our best friends. do to our best friends. Men do horrible things to our best Men do horrible things to our best Men do horrible things to our best friends, drawing things on them and friends, drawing things on them and friends, drawing things on them and magic markers and stuff and [snorts] magic markers and stuff and [snorts] magic markers and stuff and [snorts] sticking fruit in their face and just sticking fruit in their face and just sticking fruit in their face and just doing all kinds of awful things to their doing all kinds of awful things to their doing all kinds of awful things to their friends in the name of love. I love you, friends in the name of love. I love you, friends in the name of love. I love you, fella. We do horrible things to each fella. We do horrible things to each fella. We do horrible things to each other that women would never do to their other that women would never do to their other that women would never do to their friends. You cared about Sarah. Don't friends. You cared about Sarah. Don't friends. You cared about Sarah. Don't worry about her. She's a very strong worry about her. She's a very strong worry about her. She's a very strong woman. Very strong. She can take care of woman. Very strong. She can take care of woman. Very strong. She can take care of herself. She always tells everybody that herself. She always tells everybody that herself. She always tells everybody that way back the moment when she first way back the moment when she first way back the moment when she first agreed to marry me, she suddenly looked agreed to marry me, she suddenly looked agreed to marry me, she suddenly looked down and realized that her hands were down and realized that her hands were down and realized that her hands were all skinned up cuz that's what happens all skinned up cuz that's what happens all skinned up cuz that's what happens when you scrape the bottom of the when you scrape the bottom of the when you scrape the bottom of the barrel. [laughter] She can take care of herself. This the She can take care of herself. This the She can take care of herself. This the most resourceful woman I've ever met. most resourceful woman I've ever met. most resourceful woman I've ever met. This woman took a beautiful huge his and This woman took a beautiful huge his and This woman took a beautiful huge his and her walk-in closet and converted it to a her walk-in closet and converted it to a her walk-in closet and converted it to a her. her. her. This closet is bigger than my first This closet is bigger than my first This closet is bigger than my first apartment with space left over for a apartment with space left over for a apartment with space left over for a chest freezer and a grand piano. And chest freezer and a grand piano. And chest freezer and a grand piano. And nothing in there is mine. Nothing at nothing in there is mine. Nothing at nothing in there is mine. Nothing at [laughter] all in that thing is mine. [laughter] all in that thing is mine. [laughter] all in that thing is mine. She takes care of herself just fine. She takes care of herself just fine. She takes care of herself just fine. She is She's special. I All the studies She is She's special. I All the studies She is She's special. I All the studies say I've learned so much from being say I've learned so much from being say I've learned so much from being married to this woman. All the studies married to this woman. All the studies married to this woman. All the studies say that men and women are equally say that men and women are equally say that men and women are equally intelligent. I believe that. But I do intelligent. I believe that. But I do intelligent. I believe that. But I do believe that you women must have figured believe that you women must have figured believe that you women must have figured out a way to use more of your brains out a way to use more of your brains out a way to use more of your brains because I know that my wife's life is because I know that my wife's life is because I know that my wife's life is more complicated than mine. I know she more complicated than mine. I know she more complicated than mine. I know she has to make more decisions just getting has to make more decisions just getting has to make more decisions just getting dressed in the morning than I have to dressed in the morning than I have to dressed in the morning than I have to face all day. Women's lives are that face all day. Women's lives are that face all day. Women's lives are that complicated. I found this out the first complicated. I found this out the first complicated. I found this out the first time I went shopping with my new wife time I went shopping with my new wife time I went shopping with my new wife for women's shoes. It was a frightening for women's shoes. It was a frightening for women's shoes. It was a frightening day. I hope I never have to do it again. day. I hope I never have to do it again. day. I hope I never have to do it again. But I learned a lot. I learned, for But I learned a lot. I learned, for But I learned a lot. I learned, for example, that women don't just have example, that women don't just have example, that women don't just have shoes. Men just have shoes. That's what shoes. Men just have shoes. That's what shoes. Men just have shoes. That's what they're called. They're all called they're called. They're all called they're called. They're all called shoes. If it goes at the end of my leg shoes. If it goes at the end of my leg shoes. If it goes at the end of my leg on my foot, that's a shoe. Raise the on my foot, that's a shoe. Raise the on my foot, that's a shoe. Raise the heel, lower the heel, change the heel, heel, lower the heel, change the heel, heel, lower the heel, change the heel, doesn't matter. Still a shoe. Still a doesn't matter. Still a shoe. Still a doesn't matter. Still a shoe. Still a shoe. Always a shoe. Women don't have a shoe. Always a shoe. Women don't have a shoe. Always a shoe. Women don't have a single pair of anything called shoes. single pair of anything called shoes. single pair of anything called shoes. They have subcategories for even the They have subcategories for even the They have subcategories for even the slightest change in footwear. Women have slightest change in footwear. Women have slightest change in footwear. Women have pumps and clogs and flats and slings and pumps and clogs and flats and slings and pumps and clogs and flats and slings and heels and open totem meals and spikes heels and open totem meals and spikes heels and open totem meals and spikes and flip-flops and strappy sandals and and flip-flops and strappy sandals and and flip-flops and strappy sandals and scrunchy boots and stilettos and wedges scrunchy boots and stilettos and wedges scrunchy boots and stilettos and wedges and te- straps and whatever the heck an and te- straps and whatever the heck an and te- straps and whatever the heck an espadril is. [laughter] espadril is. [laughter] espadril is. [laughter] Men don't know what any of these are. Men don't know what any of these are. Men don't know what any of these are. This is a code women use to keep us out This is a code women use to keep us out This is a code women use to keep us out of the conversation. of the conversation. of the conversation. A man doesn't know a pump from a flat. A man doesn't know a pump from a flat. A man doesn't know a pump from a flat. All a man knows is when you got a flat, All a man knows is when you got a flat, All a man knows is when you got a flat, you need a pump. you need a pump. you need a pump. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> AND THE COLORS WOMEN KNOW. HOW DO YOU >> AND THE COLORS WOMEN KNOW. HOW DO YOU >> AND THE COLORS WOMEN KNOW. HOW DO YOU learn them all? But you do. You know learn them all? But you do. You know learn them all? But you do. You know every color ever invented. How about every color ever invented. How about every color ever invented. How about every woman in here knows what color every woman in here knows what color every woman in here knows what color periwinkle is? Yes. Look at them. periwinkle is? Yes. Look at them. periwinkle is? Yes. Look at them. They're going, "Duh." [laughter] They're going, "Duh." [laughter] They're going, "Duh." [laughter] There aren't three men in the state know There aren't three men in the state know There aren't three men in the state know what color periwinkle is. Cuz we're men what color periwinkle is. Cuz we're men what color periwinkle is. Cuz we're men and all we know are the eight colors and all we know are the eight colors and all we know are the eight colors from the big fat crayon box from first from the big fat crayon box from first from the big fat crayon box from first grade. That's all we know. We've lost grade. That's all we know. We've lost grade. That's all we know. We've lost six of those. We're down to black and six of those. We're down to black and six of those. We're down to black and brown. We understand. But you women brown. We understand. But you women brown. We understand. But you women know. Periwinkle. Yell it out. What know. Periwinkle. Yell it out. What know. Periwinkle. Yell it out. What color family is it in? blue, purple, and color family is it in? blue, purple, and color family is it in? blue, purple, and it's hard to say cuz it's in between. it's hard to say cuz it's in between. it's hard to say cuz it's in between. And men are looking at you like, "How And men are looking at you like, "How And men are looking at you like, "How did she know that? How did they know did she know that? How did they know did she know that? How did they know that? How do they periwinkle? How did that? How do they periwinkle? How did that? How do they periwinkle? How did she know that?" They covered a lot of she know that?" They covered a lot of she know that?" They covered a lot of stuff at that meeting. [laughter] stuff at that meeting. [laughter] stuff at that meeting. [laughter] My wife's shoe catalog colors I had My wife's shoe catalog colors I had My wife's shoe catalog colors I had never heard of before. Aspen, mauve, never heard of before. Aspen, mauve, never heard of before. Aspen, mauve, ecru, sabb, eggshell, crimson, indigo, ecru, sabb, eggshell, crimson, indigo, ecru, sabb, eggshell, crimson, indigo, khaki, beige, honeysuckle, ivory, khaki, beige, honeysuckle, ivory, khaki, beige, honeysuckle, ivory, lavender, sandstone, heather, MIST, lavender, sandstone, heather, MIST, lavender, sandstone, heather, MIST, TEAL, SATIN, FLAX, CORAL, CREAM, NUGGET, TEAL, SATIN, FLAX, CORAL, CREAM, NUGGET, TEAL, SATIN, FLAX, CORAL, CREAM, NUGGET, PEARL, SADDLE, DAISY, BLACK, EBONY, PEARL, SADDLE, DAISY, BLACK, EBONY, PEARL, SADDLE, DAISY, BLACK, EBONY, CHARCOAL, RAVEN, MIDNIGHT, PARSLEY, CHARCOAL, RAVEN, MIDNIGHT, PARSLEY, CHARCOAL, RAVEN, MIDNIGHT, PARSLEY, PIMMEN, PINEAPPLE, PERRY, WINKLE, PIMMEN, PINEAPPLE, PERRY, WINKLE, PIMMEN, PINEAPPLE, PERRY, WINKLE, PAPAYA, PEACH, PURPLE, PINK, POPPY, PAPAYA, PEACH, PURPLE, PINK, POPPY, PAPAYA, PEACH, PURPLE, PINK, POPPY, PIXIE, POWDER, PEWTOR, pea pod, pansy, PIXIE, POWDER, PEWTOR, pea pod, pansy, PIXIE, POWDER, PEWTOR, pea pod, pansy, pumpkin pu, pomegranate, peppermint, pumpkin pu, pomegranate, peppermint, pumpkin pu, pomegranate, peppermint, pancake, pumpern nickel, champagne, and pancake, pumpern nickel, champagne, and pancake, pumpern nickel, champagne, and toast. On the other hand, men's shoes, black On the other hand, men's shoes, black On the other hand, men's shoes, black and brown. [laughter] and brown. [laughter] and brown. [laughter] Sadly for men, one choice too many. Cuz we got to turn to the wife and go, Cuz we got to turn to the wife and go, Cuz we got to turn to the wife and go, "Honey, which one should I wear here? "Honey, which one should I wear here? "Honey, which one should I wear here? Which one should I wear tonight? Help me Which one should I wear tonight? Help me Which one should I wear tonight? Help me out. Come on. This will bust my brain." out. Come on. This will bust my brain." out. Come on. This will bust my brain." I I've done comedy for a long time. But I I've done comedy for a long time. But I I've done comedy for a long time. But I have been with my wife now for over 30 I have been with my wife now for over 30 I have been with my wife now for over 30 years. This uh like last month. 30. years. This uh like last month. 30. years. This uh like last month. 30. Yeah. You should clap. [cheering] Yeah. You should clap. [cheering] Yeah. You should clap. [cheering] I have the all-time record for comedians I have the all-time record for comedians I have the all-time record for comedians with their wives. with their wives. with their wives. That just is unheard of. And a lot of That just is unheard of. And a lot of That just is unheard of. And a lot of times, you know, people think, "Oh, times, you know, people think, "Oh, times, you know, people think, "Oh, well, I bet a lot of women find you well, I bet a lot of women find you well, I bet a lot of women find you attractive because women like comedy." attractive because women like comedy." attractive because women like comedy." Yeah, they say that, but they're always Yeah, they say that, but they're always Yeah, they say that, but they're always rock and roll stars are the ones they're rock and roll stars are the ones they're rock and roll stars are the ones they're attracted to cuz rock and roll singers attracted to cuz rock and roll singers attracted to cuz rock and roll singers are going to make like beautiful love are going to make like beautiful love are going to make like beautiful love songs for their ladies, you know, like songs for their ladies, you know, like songs for their ladies, you know, like Your Body is a Wonderland. Your Body is a Wonderland. Your Body is a Wonderland. I'm not going to write that. I'm a I'm not going to write that. I'm a I'm not going to write that. I'm a comedian. I would write your body's like comedian. I would write your body's like comedian. I would write your body's like wonderbread. You know, [laughter] it's wonderbread. You know, [laughter] it's wonderbread. You know, [laughter] it's not as romantic. I don't know. So, yeah. So, this is it. I don't know. So, yeah. So, this is it. I don't know. So, yeah. So, this is it. You know, this is what I do. And and I You know, this is what I do. And and I You know, this is what I do. And and I mean it's really hard when I, you know, mean it's really hard when I, you know, mean it's really hard when I, you know, do comedy and I talk about my wife do comedy and I talk about my wife do comedy and I talk about my wife because I'm I'm just going to tell you because I'm I'm just going to tell you because I'm I'm just going to tell you right now, it's nearly impossible to right now, it's nearly impossible to right now, it's nearly impossible to write like a very nice joke about your write like a very nice joke about your write like a very nice joke about your spouse if you're female or male. Now, spouse if you're female or male. Now, spouse if you're female or male. Now, here's a problem that's happened to me. here's a problem that's happened to me. here's a problem that's happened to me. I don't know if it's a problem, but you I don't know if it's a problem, but you I don't know if it's a problem, but you know, I get into my 40s and uh I all of know, I get into my 40s and uh I all of know, I get into my 40s and uh I all of a sudden had to get reading glasses. And a sudden had to get reading glasses. And a sudden had to get reading glasses. And often if you don't need reading glasses often if you don't need reading glasses often if you don't need reading glasses when you're in your 40s, you have to get when you're in your 40s, you have to get when you're in your 40s, you have to get them. And I think that was God's way of them. And I think that was God's way of them. And I think that was God's way of keeping people in their relationships cuz now we've got like lasic surgery. cuz now we've got like lasic surgery. cuz now we've got like lasic surgery. I'm not letting my wife get lasic I'm not letting my wife get lasic I'm not letting my wife get lasic surgery. I'm not letting her come home surgery. I'm not letting her come home surgery. I'm not letting her come home with 2020 vision, look at me, and go, with 2020 vision, look at me, and go, with 2020 vision, look at me, and go, "What happened here?" "What happened here?" "What happened here?" [laughter] I don't need that. Probably at this point you're like, "Why Probably at this point you're like, "Why Probably at this point you're like, "Why is this guy not more famous?" I asked is this guy not more famous?" I asked is this guy not more famous?" I asked the same thing a lot. >> Okay, here's a hypothesis. Okay, so uh I >> Okay, here's a hypothesis. Okay, so uh I >> Okay, here's a hypothesis. Okay, so uh I have done comedy for uh coming up on 27 have done comedy for uh coming up on 27 have done comedy for uh coming up on 27 years. I performed at pretty much every years. I performed at pretty much every years. I performed at pretty much every major comedy club in the country, 46 major comedy club in the country, 46 major comedy club in the country, 46 states, five countries. states, five countries. states, five countries. I've even written for television, but I I've even written for television, but I I've even written for television, but I never moved from fly over country like never moved from fly over country like never moved from fly over country like they call it. I didn't want to move. they call it. I didn't want to move. they call it. I didn't want to move. It's not me. But you got to move to Los It's not me. But you got to move to Los It's not me. But you got to move to Los Angeles or New York if you want to Angeles or New York if you want to Angeles or New York if you want to become famous. My opening act moved to become famous. My opening act moved to become famous. My opening act moved to New York and he hit it big and he was New York and he hit it big and he was New York and he hit it big and he was like, "Scott, you need to move to New like, "Scott, you need to move to New like, "Scott, you need to move to New York." I'm like, "Ah, it's not my scene, York." I'm like, "Ah, it's not my scene, York." I'm like, "Ah, it's not my scene, man." He's like, "New York City is the man." He's like, "New York City is the man." He's like, "New York City is the city that never sleeps." I'm like, "I city that never sleeps." I'm like, "I city that never sleeps." I'm like, "I just turned 50. I love sleep." just turned 50. I love sleep." just turned 50. I love sleep." We got our own cities and never sleep We got our own cities and never sleep We got our own cities and never sleep where I live, too. I mean, it's because where I live, too. I mean, it's because where I live, too. I mean, it's because of meth, but it happens. Sometimes those of meth, but it happens. Sometimes those of meth, but it happens. Sometimes those are ugly truths. So, my friend from Los are ugly truths. So, my friend from Los are ugly truths. So, my friend from Los Angeles overhears this. He's like, "Bro, Angeles overhears this. He's like, "Bro, Angeles overhears this. He's like, "Bro, you need to move to LA, bro." you need to move to LA, bro." you need to move to LA, bro." I'm like, "I don't even like the traffic I'm like, "I don't even like the traffic I'm like, "I don't even like the traffic on I 80. on I 80. on I 80. 72 degrees forever, Dad, Brah." Now, do 72 degrees forever, Dad, Brah." Now, do 72 degrees forever, Dad, Brah." Now, do you ever have a friend who moves you ever have a friend who moves you ever have a friend who moves somewhere warm and NOW THEY FEEL IT'S somewhere warm and NOW THEY FEEL IT'S somewhere warm and NOW THEY FEEL IT'S THEIR DUTY TO share that with you? THEIR DUTY TO share that with you? THEIR DUTY TO share that with you? Yeah, I told him. I'm like, "Listen, Yeah, I told him. I'm like, "Listen, Yeah, I told him. I'm like, "Listen, Bra, I don't know if you're aware, but Bra, I don't know if you're aware, but Bra, I don't know if you're aware, but uh every time CNN ever has a canyon fire uh every time CNN ever has a canyon fire uh every time CNN ever has a canyon fire or mudslide or an earthquake, I'm always or mudslide or an earthquake, I'm always or mudslide or an earthquake, I'm always dreaming at your house." [laughter] dreaming at your house." [laughter] dreaming at your house." [laughter] That's a passive aggressive Midwest That's a passive aggressive Midwest That's a passive aggressive Midwest rage. That's all I got for me. rage. That's all I got for me. rage. That's all I got for me. I know. I know. I know. So, I had my big moment. I'm in Los So, I had my big moment. I'm in Los So, I had my big moment. I'm in Los Angeles. Well, I get the meeting and it Angeles. Well, I get the meeting and it Angeles. Well, I get the meeting and it was with the manager. This is about 15 was with the manager. This is about 15 was with the manager. This is about 15 years ago. He liked a script that I had years ago. He liked a script that I had years ago. He liked a script that I had written and uh it's like the biggest written and uh it's like the biggest written and uh it's like the biggest manager. He was like managing all the manager. He was like managing all the manager. He was like managing all the big comedians of the time. So I have a big comedians of the time. So I have a big comedians of the time. So I have a month to prepare. So just like this one, month to prepare. So just like this one, month to prepare. So just like this one, but I mean I worked so hard. I lost but I mean I worked so hard. I lost but I mean I worked so hard. I lost weight. I got ripped. I'm like best weight. I got ripped. I'm like best weight. I got ripped. I'm like best shape of my life. I'm having this shape of my life. I'm having this shape of my life. I'm having this meeting. Halfway through the meeting, he meeting. Halfway through the meeting, he meeting. Halfway through the meeting, he says to me, he's like, "You know what I says to me, he's like, "You know what I says to me, he's like, "You know what I like about you, Scott?" I'm like, "All like about you, Scott?" I'm like, "All like about you, Scott?" I'm like, "All right. right. right. Unlike some of these other guys that are Unlike some of these other guys that are Unlike some of these other guys that are in such good shape, you look like a in such good shape, you look like a in such good shape, you look like a normal guy. At that moment, I realize I am morbidly At that moment, I realize I am morbidly At that moment, I realize I am morbidly obese in Los Angeles, obese in Los Angeles, obese in Los Angeles, but where I live, I'm Midwest anorexic. but where I live, I'm Midwest anorexic. but where I live, I'm Midwest anorexic. Way less pressure. [laughter] Now, people will say sometimes, they're Now, people will say sometimes, they're Now, people will say sometimes, they're like, "Well, you know, Scott, you talk a like, "Well, you know, Scott, you talk a like, "Well, you know, Scott, you talk a lot about food. You talk about family. lot about food. You talk about family. lot about food. You talk about family. Why are you not as popular as Jim Why are you not as popular as Jim Why are you not as popular as Jim Gaffigan? And I'm like, I'm not as good Gaffigan? And I'm like, I'm not as good Gaffigan? And I'm like, I'm not as good as Jim Gaffigan, but I figure I'm half as Jim Gaffigan, but I figure I'm half as Jim Gaffigan, but I figure I'm half as good as Jim Gaffigan, but I don't as good as Jim Gaffigan, but I don't as good as Jim Gaffigan, but I don't have half the success of him. And then I have half the success of him. And then I have half the success of him. And then I read one day, and you can look it up. read one day, and you can look it up. read one day, and you can look it up. This is true. He even said his wife This is true. He even said his wife This is true. He even said his wife writes half of his material. writes half of his material. writes half of his material. It is my wife's fault that I am not more It is my wife's fault that I am not more It is my wife's fault that I am not more successful. successful. successful. If this woman would quit spending so If this woman would quit spending so If this woman would quit spending so much time being a good person and put much time being a good person and put much time being a good person and put more effort into my career. [laughter] more effort into my career. [laughter] more effort into my career. [laughter] Oh, I know. Oh, I don't want to come off Oh, I know. Oh, I don't want to come off Oh, I know. Oh, I don't want to come off like I'm bitter. I'm not. I have a job I like I'm bitter. I'm not. I have a job I like I'm bitter. I'm not. I have a job I love. I make good money doing it. I love. I make good money doing it. I love. I make good money doing it. I travel to exotic locations. One negative travel to exotic locations. One negative travel to exotic locations. One negative though, no health insurance with this though, no health insurance with this though, no health insurance with this job. I'm private contractor. But my wife job. I'm private contractor. But my wife job. I'm private contractor. But my wife had a good job with great health had a good job with great health had a good job with great health insurance till a couple years ago. She insurance till a couple years ago. She insurance till a couple years ago. She comes home, she's like, "Remember how I comes home, she's like, "Remember how I comes home, she's like, "Remember how I told you I don't like my boss?" I'm told you I don't like my boss?" I'm told you I don't like my boss?" I'm like, "Yeah." like, "Yeah." like, "Yeah." Well, I quit my job today. I'm like, oh Well, I quit my job today. I'm like, oh Well, I quit my job today. I'm like, oh my lord, my lord, my lord, what are we going to do for health what are we going to do for health what are we going to do for health insurance? She's like, glad to bring it insurance? She's like, glad to bring it insurance? She's like, glad to bring it up. I think you should quit. I'm like, up. I think you should quit. I'm like, up. I think you should quit. I'm like, sh stop right there. I will do what is sh stop right there. I will do what is sh stop right there. I will do what is right for this family. So, I left the right for this family. So, I left the right for this family. So, I left the room. I showered. I shaved. I put on a room. I showered. I shaved. I put on a room. I showered. I shaved. I put on a nice suit. And I went out to look for a nice suit. And I went out to look for a nice suit. And I went out to look for a new wife. And you cannot sub. [laughter] She likes that joke. It's okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, my wife and I met when we were in So, my wife and I met when we were in So, my wife and I met when we were in college and um from that point on, you college and um from that point on, you college and um from that point on, you know, we were both involved in our know, we were both involved in our know, we were both involved in our careers. So, we didn't try to have kids careers. So, we didn't try to have kids careers. So, we didn't try to have kids until we were in our like 30s, our early until we were in our like 30s, our early until we were in our like 30s, our early 30s. And we had problems. We had 30s. And we had problems. We had 30s. And we had problems. We had miscarriages. It was very tough on our miscarriages. It was very tough on our miscarriages. It was very tough on our relationship. We both wanted to be relationship. We both wanted to be relationship. We both wanted to be parents. And so finally we were so parents. And so finally we were so parents. And so finally we were so desperate um that we had one last choice desperate um that we had one last choice desperate um that we had one last choice because we couldn't afford to adopt. It because we couldn't afford to adopt. It because we couldn't afford to adopt. It wasn't working. So we tried in vitro wasn't working. So we tried in vitro wasn't working. So we tried in vitro fertilization. And if you're not aware, fertilization. And if you're not aware, fertilization. And if you're not aware, my job's pretty easy in the process. So my job's pretty easy in the process. So my job's pretty easy in the process. So I felt confident and from this amazing I felt confident and from this amazing I felt confident and from this amazing science came the love of my life, my science came the love of my life, my science came the love of my life, my beautiful daughter Maddie. And she was beautiful daughter Maddie. And she was beautiful daughter Maddie. And she was so sweet. We were just like over the so sweet. We were just like over the so sweet. We were just like over the moon because we had tried for five years moon because we had tried for five years moon because we had tried for five years to have this girl. Well, as the months to have this girl. Well, as the months to have this girl. Well, as the months go by, um, she's not reaching her go by, um, she's not reaching her go by, um, she's not reaching her milestones, but this is our first child. milestones, but this is our first child. milestones, but this is our first child. We're not really following. But by 15 We're not really following. But by 15 We're not really following. But by 15 months, she's not walking, talking, or months, she's not walking, talking, or months, she's not walking, talking, or even crawling. So, we're like, we're even crawling. So, we're like, we're even crawling. So, we're like, we're nervous. So, we have test after test. nervous. So, we have test after test. nervous. So, we have test after test. And some point, year two, she was And some point, year two, she was And some point, year two, she was diagnosed with autism. Now, I'm not diagnosed with autism. Now, I'm not diagnosed with autism. Now, I'm not going to pretend that that wasn't a going to pretend that that wasn't a going to pretend that that wasn't a punch in the gut because I had all these punch in the gut because I had all these punch in the gut because I had all these dreams and fantasies of what my daughter dreams and fantasies of what my daughter dreams and fantasies of what my daughter was going to achieve. And then I'm being was going to achieve. And then I'm being was going to achieve. And then I'm being told, "Well, Scott, there's a very good told, "Well, Scott, there's a very good told, "Well, Scott, there's a very good chance that she will not marry, hold a chance that she will not marry, hold a chance that she will not marry, hold a full-time job. She will probably live full-time job. She will probably live full-time job. She will probably live with you the rest of her life." And I with you the rest of her life." And I with you the rest of her life." And I wish I could tell you I handled it well. wish I could tell you I handled it well. wish I could tell you I handled it well. I didn't. I was very selfish. I just I didn't. I was very selfish. I just I didn't. I was very selfish. I just wanted one child. My wife was like wanted one child. My wife was like wanted one child. My wife was like automatically right on it. I mope around automatically right on it. I mope around automatically right on it. I mope around for like a month. Fortunately, I had for like a month. Fortunately, I had for like a month. Fortunately, I had what you might call an epiphany. I'm what you might call an epiphany. I'm what you might call an epiphany. I'm like, "You know what, Scott? These are like, "You know what, Scott? These are like, "You know what, Scott? These are not her dreams and fantasies. These are not her dreams and fantasies. These are not her dreams and fantasies. These are mine that you're placing on her. If you mine that you're placing on her. If you mine that you're placing on her. If you want to step up and be a real man, you want to step up and be a real man, you want to step up and be a real man, you need to help her live her dreams and need to help her live her dreams and need to help her live her dreams and fantasies. So the guy that only wanted fantasies. So the guy that only wanted fantasies. So the guy that only wanted one child told his wife, "Well, you know one child told his wife, "Well, you know one child told his wife, "Well, you know what, babe? We need to have another what, babe? We need to have another what, babe? We need to have another child in case something happens to child in case something happens to child in case something happens to Maddie. Or better yet, something happens Maddie. Or better yet, something happens Maddie. Or better yet, something happens to us so we can take care, they can take to us so we can take care, they can take to us so we can take care, they can take care of Maddie." So I went back to the care of Maddie." So I went back to the care of Maddie." So I went back to the clinic and this time the clinic a week clinic and this time the clinic a week clinic and this time the clinic a week later goes, "Hey, surprise. You're going later goes, "Hey, surprise. You're going later goes, "Hey, surprise. You're going to have twins. to have twins. to have twins. That's not funny. Thank you for not That's not funny. Thank you for not That's not funny. Thank you for not laughing at my special. I was I was 40 laughing at my special. I was I was 40 laughing at my special. I was I was 40 years old with twins. That is way too years old with twins. That is way too years old with twins. That is way too old. Thank goodness my wife was 19 at old. Thank goodness my wife was 19 at old. Thank goodness my wife was 19 at the time. And that's not the time. And that's not the time. And that's not that's a joke. She was 39 with twins. that's a joke. She was 39 with twins. that's a joke. She was 39 with twins. And uh and I'll tell you, I have always And uh and I'll tell you, I have always And uh and I'll tell you, I have always treated my wife like a trophy wife. I treated my wife like a trophy wife. I treated my wife like a trophy wife. I have ninth place. I need to work on have ninth place. I need to work on have ninth place. I need to work on that. that. that. [laughter] Kind of lost a gender on that [laughter] Kind of lost a gender on that [laughter] Kind of lost a gender on that joke, didn't I? I deserve it. I know. joke, didn't I? I deserve it. I know. joke, didn't I? I deserve it. I know. problems. This is a fantastic date problems. This is a fantastic date problems. This is a fantastic date night, man. IT'S GREAT. YEAH. YEAH. night, man. IT'S GREAT. YEAH. YEAH. night, man. IT'S GREAT. YEAH. YEAH. ABSOLUTELY. ABSOLUTELY. ABSOLUTELY. It beats a date night my wife wanted to It beats a date night my wife wanted to It beats a date night my wife wanted to go out on recently for our anniversary. go out on recently for our anniversary. go out on recently for our anniversary. My wife wanted to go out and see a My wife wanted to go out and see a My wife wanted to go out and see a revival of the musical Cats. revival of the musical Cats. revival of the musical Cats. That's what she wanted to do for fun. That's what she wanted to do for fun. That's what she wanted to do for fun. I was like, I'll go bring a laser I was like, I'll go bring a laser I was like, I'll go bring a laser pointer just to watch them all freak out pointer just to watch them all freak out pointer just to watch them all freak out on stage. on stage. on stage. I'm married. I just celebrated my I'm married. I just celebrated my I'm married. I just celebrated my seventh wedding anniversary, which is seventh wedding anniversary, which is seventh wedding anniversary, which is very exciting. [cheering] So, yeah. Oh, very exciting. [cheering] So, yeah. Oh, very exciting. [cheering] So, yeah. Oh, thank you. [applause] thank you. [applause] thank you. [applause] You guys are so nice. You're like, "Nice You guys are so nice. You're like, "Nice You guys are so nice. You're like, "Nice work, little guy." All right. Somebody's work, little guy." All right. Somebody's work, little guy." All right. Somebody's looking at me confused like, "Who looking at me confused like, "Who looking at me confused like, "Who married Flounder from Animal House?" married Flounder from Animal House?" married Flounder from Animal House?" Like, how did that happen? Like, how did that happen? Like, how did that happen? Who Who married Little Corey Matthews Who Who married Little Corey Matthews Who Who married Little Corey Matthews from Boy Meets World? How did that from Boy Meets World? How did that from Boy Meets World? How did that happen? Where's [cheering] happen? Where's [cheering] happen? Where's [cheering] Where's Mr. Feny? We miss Mr. Feny. I Where's Mr. Feny? We miss Mr. Feny. I Where's Mr. Feny? We miss Mr. Feny. I was very nervous about proposing. I was was very nervous about proposing. I was was very nervous about proposing. I was talking to my older brother for advice. talking to my older brother for advice. talking to my older brother for advice. He told me YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO SPEND TWO He told me YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO SPEND TWO He told me YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO SPEND TWO MONTHS PAY on the engagement ring. Have MONTHS PAY on the engagement ring. Have MONTHS PAY on the engagement ring. Have you heard that before? Two months pay. you heard that before? Two months pay. you heard that before? Two months pay. I'm a comedian. You know, if I did that, I'm a comedian. You know, if I did that, I'm a comedian. You know, if I did that, the ring would cost $40. You know what I the ring would cost $40. You know what I the ring would cost $40. You know what I mean? Like mean? Like mean? Like be walking around one of those ring pop be walking around one of those ring pop be walking around one of those ring pop suckers. suckers. suckers. We have married people. Where you at? We have married people. Where you at? We have married people. Where you at? Round of applause. Married folks. Round of applause. Married folks. Round of applause. Married folks. Look at the enthusiasm coming out of Look at the enthusiasm coming out of Look at the enthusiasm coming out of some of you. like, "Yeah, great. some of you. like, "Yeah, great. some of you. like, "Yeah, great. [laughter] This is the longest game of [laughter] This is the longest game of [laughter] This is the longest game of chicken ever. One of us has to get off." chicken ever. One of us has to get off." chicken ever. One of us has to get off." You guys are married there in the second You guys are married there in the second You guys are married there in the second row right there. Yeah. How many years? row right there. Yeah. How many years? row right there. Yeah. How many years? >> 40. >> 40. >> 40. >> 40 years. Oh [screaming] my gosh. That's >> 40 years. Oh [screaming] my gosh. That's >> 40 years. Oh [screaming] my gosh. That's >> 40 years. >> 40 years. >> 40 years. I'm 34. So, this is kind of what your I'm 34. So, this is kind of what your I'm 34. So, this is kind of what your marriage looks like right here. It marriage looks like right here. It marriage looks like right here. It [laughter] is a little a little overweight, trying its best. a little overweight, trying its best. a little overweight, trying its best. And uh my wife and I, we don't fight that much. my wife and I, we don't fight that much. my wife and I, we don't fight that much. How about you guys? 40 years in, you How about you guys? 40 years in, you How about you guys? 40 years in, you fight? Look at them. They're like, we're fight? Look at them. They're like, we're fight? Look at them. They're like, we're fighting right now. Actually, we fighting right now. Actually, we fighting right now. Actually, we [laughter] we wanted to go to [laughter] we wanted to go to [laughter] we wanted to go to Applebee's. My wife and I, we've only been in two My wife and I, we've only been in two My wife and I, we've only been in two fights. First fight we ever had was fights. First fight we ever had was fights. First fight we ever had was during our engagement process. You get during our engagement process. You get during our engagement process. You get to register for gifts. I didn't know to register for gifts. I didn't know to register for gifts. I didn't know that. I'm like, let's get married again. that. I'm like, let's get married again. that. I'm like, let's get married again. Let's get free stuff. That's great. My Let's get free stuff. That's great. My Let's get free stuff. That's great. My wife wanted to register at a place wife wanted to register at a place wife wanted to register at a place called Bed Bath and Beyond. Have you called Bed Bath and Beyond. Have you called Bed Bath and Beyond. Have you ever heard of that place? I'm a guy ever heard of that place? I'm a guy ever heard of that place? I'm a guy though. I'm like, "Let's register at the though. I'm like, "Let's register at the though. I'm like, "Let's register at the Bass Pro Shop." You know what I mean? Bass Pro Shop." You know what I mean? Bass Pro Shop." You know what I mean? Like Cabelas. Let's go there. And uh we Like Cabelas. Let's go there. And uh we Like Cabelas. Let's go there. And uh we compromised and we went to Bed Bath and compromised and we went to Bed Bath and compromised and we went to Bed Bath and Beyond. [laughter] She's pretty much in charge. She's pretty much in charge. She's pretty much in charge. Second fight we had was a couple days Second fight we had was a couple days Second fight we had was a couple days ago. We played this GAME CALLED ago. We played this GAME CALLED ago. We played this GAME CALLED CELEBRITY CRUSH where you share each CELEBRITY CRUSH where you share each CELEBRITY CRUSH where you share each other's celebrity crushes. And if your other's celebrity crushes. And if your other's celebrity crushes. And if your relationship is going fine, don't play relationship is going fine, don't play relationship is going fine, don't play that game. It's a lot of attention. My wife told me It's a lot of attention. My wife told me It's a lot of attention. My wife told me her celebrity crush Harrison Ford. her celebrity crush Harrison Ford. her celebrity crush Harrison Ford. >> That's what she told me. Yeah. I was >> That's what she told me. Yeah. I was >> That's what she told me. Yeah. I was like, he's old. [laughter] But I got really jealous because I'm But I got really jealous because I'm But I got really jealous because I'm like, I can't compete with that, right? like, I can't compete with that, right? like, I can't compete with that, right? My wife wants Han Solo. She ended up My wife wants Han Solo. She ended up My wife wants Han Solo. She ended up with an Ewok. It's like look like something you make a Build-a- look like something you make a Build-a- look like something you make a Build-a- Bear. I know. It's a little weird. Bear. I know. It's a little weird. Bear. I know. It's a little weird. But after 40 years, you guys got to know But after 40 years, you guys got to know But after 40 years, you guys got to know everything about each other, I would everything about each other, I would everything about each other, I would imagine. See, I'm seven years. I'm still imagine. See, I'm seven years. I'm still imagine. See, I'm seven years. I'm still learning little things about my wife learning little things about my wife learning little things about my wife that I didn't know beforehand. Like, I that I didn't know beforehand. Like, I that I didn't know beforehand. Like, I just learned this about my wife just learned this about my wife just learned this about my wife recently. I didn't know this was a thing recently. I didn't know this was a thing recently. I didn't know this was a thing with people. My wife can't wink. I with people. My wife can't wink. I with people. My wife can't wink. I didn't know that was a thing, right? didn't know that was a thing, right? didn't know that was a thing, right? Normal people wink. It's kind of cute, Normal people wink. It's kind of cute, Normal people wink. It's kind of cute, isn't it? It's like, "Hey, what's going isn't it? It's like, "Hey, what's going isn't it? It's like, "Hey, what's going on? What's up?" My wife has got on? What's up?" My wife has got on? What's up?" My wife has got something weird with her eyelids. So, something weird with her eyelids. So, something weird with her eyelids. So, when she goes to wink, she does this when she goes to wink, she does this when she goes to wink, she does this weird like [laughter] blinky eye thing with her face. The blinky eye thing with her face. The blinky eye thing with her face. The first time she did it, it was so first time she did it, it was so first time she did it, it was so awkward. We're driving in the car and awkward. We're driving in the car and awkward. We're driving in the car and she's like, "So, listen. I was thinking she's like, "So, listen. I was thinking she's like, "So, listen. I was thinking this weekend you and I should go up this weekend you and I should go up this weekend you and I should go up north and you know, what? Go to an eye doctor? What's what? Go to an eye doctor? What's what? Go to an eye doctor? What's happening your face right now? How do happening your face right now? How do happening your face right now? How do you have allergies? you have allergies? you have allergies? What does that move? What does that move? What does that move? My wife, too, she has a cat. She's had My wife, too, she has a cat. She's had My wife, too, she has a cat. She's had this cat since elementary school. No this cat since elementary school. No this cat since elementary school. No joke. Cat's 190 years old. You know, joke. Cat's 190 years old. You know, joke. Cat's 190 years old. You know, people like that, they love their pets. people like that, they love their pets. people like that, they love their pets. Like, no matter how disgusting of a Like, no matter how disgusting of a Like, no matter how disgusting of a creature it might be, right? This cat creature it might be, right? This cat creature it might be, right? This cat has died four different times. has died four different times. has died four different times. He's missing chunks of fur. Part of his He's missing chunks of fur. Part of his He's missing chunks of fur. Part of his ear is gone. He's wet for some reason. ear is gone. He's wet for some reason. ear is gone. He's wet for some reason. Like Like Like like why is he wet? That's gross. Smells like why is he wet? That's gross. Smells like why is he wet? That's gross. Smells like my gym bag. What is that? like my gym bag. What is that? like my gym bag. What is that? She's patting. I'm like, he's so cute. She's patting. I'm like, he's so cute. She's patting. I'm like, he's so cute. You should pet him. I'm like, you should You should pet him. I'm like, you should You should pet him. I'm like, you should wash your hands. That's not right. wash your hands. That's not right. wash your hands. That's not right. Something's wrong with his little vocal Something's wrong with his little vocal Something's wrong with his little vocal cords. Like he can't even meow like a cords. Like he can't even meow like a cords. Like he can't even meow like a normal cat, too. Like, you know, cats normal cat, too. Like, you know, cats normal cat, too. Like, you know, cats are cute and they're like, "Meow." Our are cute and they're like, "Meow." Our are cute and they're like, "Meow." Our cats like Sounds like a billy goat just limping Sounds like a billy goat just limping Sounds like a billy goat just limping around the house. She's holding him like he's adorable. She's holding him like he's adorable. She's holding him like he's adorable. Almost as cute as someone else I know. Like Terry, this is weird. [laughter] Like Terry, this is weird. [laughter] Like Terry, this is weird. [laughter] There's a lot of pressure in There's a lot of pressure in There's a lot of pressure in relationships, too. You know, my wife relationships, too. You know, my wife relationships, too. You know, my wife and I, we were dating for about 2 years and I, we were dating for about 2 years and I, we were dating for about 2 years before we got married. Everybody's like, before we got married. Everybody's like, before we got married. Everybody's like, "When are you guys going to get married? "When are you guys going to get married? "When are you guys going to get married? When you get married?" Right? Then we When you get married?" Right? Then we When you get married?" Right? Then we got married. Everybody's like, "When are got married. Everybody's like, "When are got married. Everybody's like, "When are you guys going to have kids?" And I was you guys going to have kids?" And I was you guys going to have kids?" And I was like, "When are you going to shut up? like, "When are you going to shut up? like, "When are you going to shut up? Trying to play Xbox right now. Give me Trying to play Xbox right now. Give me Trying to play Xbox right now. Give me some space, man. I'm on career mode." some space, man. I'm on career mode." some space, man. I'm on career mode." You know, I got to You know, I got to You know, I got to build up the prospects, man. It's a build up the prospects, man. It's a build up the prospects, man. It's a process, you know. process, you know. process, you know. My wife and I, we actually have two kids My wife and I, we actually have two kids My wife and I, we actually have two kids at home. We have a four-year-old and we at home. We have a four-year-old and we at home. We have a four-year-old and we have a 2-year-old. So, uh, yeah. Oh, have a 2-year-old. So, uh, yeah. Oh, have a 2-year-old. So, uh, yeah. Oh, I'm just excited to be here with you I'm just excited to be here with you I'm just excited to be here with you guys. It's, uh, [laughter] guys. It's, uh, [laughter] guys. It's, uh, [laughter] it's exhausting. it's exhausting. it's exhausting. I know this is horrible to admit, but I know this is horrible to admit, but I know this is horrible to admit, but sometimes I lie to my wife about having sometimes I lie to my wife about having sometimes I lie to my wife about having standup shows and I get a hotel and standup shows and I get a hotel and standup shows and I get a hotel and sleep for a couple hours. You [laughter] like, I'm going to Provo. I'm out of like, I'm going to Provo. I'm out of like, I'm going to Provo. I'm out of here. [clears throat] She's like, that's here. [clears throat] She's like, that's here. [clears throat] She's like, that's not a real place. I'm like, yeah, it is. not a real place. I'm like, yeah, it is. not a real place. I'm like, yeah, it is. Use Google Maps, baby. It's awesome. Use Google Maps, baby. It's awesome. Use Google Maps, baby. It's awesome. My wife tried to be romantic with me. My wife tried to be romantic with me. My wife tried to be romantic with me. Listen to Dr. Phil. Had a show on how to Listen to Dr. Phil. Had a show on how to Listen to Dr. Phil. Had a show on how to excite your man. Said when he goes on a excite your man. Said when he goes on a excite your man. Said when he goes on a trip, let him know when he returns trip, let him know when he returns trip, let him know when he returns you'll rock his world. you'll rock his world. you'll rock his world. Let him know that none no uncertain Let him know that none no uncertain Let him know that none no uncertain terms. terms. terms. This is just not my wife. She only gets This is just not my wife. She only gets This is just not my wife. She only gets like that when she's angry. like that when she's angry. like that when she's angry. So, I get in my car at 4 in the morning, So, I get in my car at 4 in the morning, So, I get in my car at 4 in the morning, go to the airport, there's a post-it go to the airport, there's a post-it go to the airport, there's a post-it note that says in her handwriting, "When note that says in her handwriting, "When note that says in her handwriting, "When you get home, when I'm done with you, you get home, when I'm done with you, you get home, when I'm done with you, you'll have nothing left." I said, "Oh my, she's called an I said, "Oh my, she's called an I said, "Oh my, she's called an attorney. This is serious here. This is attorney. This is serious here. This is attorney. This is serious here. This is I thought things were going good. I thought things were going good. I thought things were going good. Being romantic's tricky. It's like I Being romantic's tricky. It's like I Being romantic's tricky. It's like I like cuddling after being romantic. like cuddling after being romantic. like cuddling after being romantic. That's the best. But when it's time to That's the best. But when it's time to That's the best. But when it's time to go to sleep, I don't want to be touching go to sleep, I don't want to be touching go to sleep, I don't want to be touching anybody. I'm not the only person in this anybody. I'm not the only person in this anybody. I'm not the only person in this room that doesn't want to touch the room that doesn't want to touch the room that doesn't want to touch the other person while I sleep. Where you other person while I sleep. Where you other person while I sleep. Where you at? Where's my anti- spooners at? Yes. at? Where's my anti- spooners at? Yes. at? Where's my anti- spooners at? Yes. Don't tell me it has anything to do has Don't tell me it has anything to do has Don't tell me it has anything to do has nothing to do with love. I love this. I nothing to do with love. I love this. I nothing to do with love. I love this. I love you with all my heart and soul. love you with all my heart and soul. love you with all my heart and soul. Just stay on your side of the bed. Just stay on your side of the bed. Just stay on your side of the bed. That's all I ask. Come over and visit That's all I ask. Come over and visit That's all I ask. Come over and visit every now and then. and then go back. every now and then. and then go back. every now and then. and then go back. Here's a problem I have. You might have Here's a problem I have. You might have Here's a problem I have. You might have it, too. I don't like to sleep touching it, too. I don't like to sleep touching it, too. I don't like to sleep touching anybody, but my wife is a habitual anybody, but my wife is a habitual anybody, but my wife is a habitual snuggler, cuddler. I'll wake up in the snuggler, cuddler. I'll wake up in the snuggler, cuddler. I'll wake up in the middle of the night. She has snuck over middle of the night. She has snuck over middle of the night. She has snuck over to my side of the bed. Her head's been to my side of the bed. Her head's been to my side of the bed. Her head's been on my arm for 5 hours cutting the on my arm for 5 hours cutting the on my arm for 5 hours cutting the circulation off. I'm numb. circulation off. I'm numb. circulation off. I'm numb. I hear somebody in the house. Go see who I hear somebody in the house. Go see who I hear somebody in the house. Go see who it is. Oh, yeah. Eigor's going to go get it is. Oh, yeah. Eigor's going to go get it is. Oh, yeah. Eigor's going to go get you. you. you. I said, "I love you with all my heart I said, "I love you with all my heart I said, "I love you with all my heart and soul, but if I had my way, I'd build and soul, but if I had my way, I'd build and soul, but if I had my way, I'd build a fence right down the middle of this a fence right down the middle of this a fence right down the middle of this bed." I put barb wire on it. That's She bed." I put barb wire on it. That's She bed." I put barb wire on it. That's She goes, "Oh, really?" Yeah. I'm going to goes, "Oh, really?" Yeah. I'm going to goes, "Oh, really?" Yeah. I'm going to build a wall here, and then I'm going to build a wall here, and then I'm going to build a wall here, and then I'm going to make you pay for it there. About eight or nine years ago, my wife About eight or nine years ago, my wife About eight or nine years ago, my wife and I picked up my oldest boy at the uh and I picked up my oldest boy at the uh and I picked up my oldest boy at the uh Fort Campbell. Uh he did six years. He Fort Campbell. Uh he did six years. He Fort Campbell. Uh he did six years. He served six years with the 101st served six years with the 101st served six years with the 101st Airborne. And uh thank [cheering] you. Airborne. And uh thank [cheering] you. Airborne. And uh thank [cheering] you. So we pick him up and we're driving So we pick him up and we're driving So we pick him up and we're driving back. We live in Nashville. It's about back. We live in Nashville. It's about back. We live in Nashville. It's about an hour and a half drive. So we're an hour and a half drive. So we're an hour and a half drive. So we're driving back and I asked my uh son, "Now driving back and I asked my uh son, "Now driving back and I asked my uh son, "Now that you're out of the military, you've that you're out of the military, you've that you're out of the military, you've had six years to think about it. What had six years to think about it. What had six years to think about it. What are your plans?" are your plans?" are your plans?" And he said, "Well, I was kind of hoping And he said, "Well, I was kind of hoping And he said, "Well, I was kind of hoping I can move back home while I reaclimate I can move back home while I reaclimate I can move back home while I reaclimate to civilian life." I said, "So you to civilian life." I said, "So you to civilian life." I said, "So you haven't thought about it, have you?" He haven't thought about it, have you?" He haven't thought about it, have you?" He said, "No." I said, "All right. Well, said, "No." I said, "All right. Well, said, "No." I said, "All right. Well, you've earned it. Take all the time you you've earned it. Take all the time you you've earned it. Take all the time you need. need. need. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> 19 months into the acclimating process, >> 19 months into the acclimating process, >> 19 months into the acclimating process, my wife grabs me in the hall one my wife grabs me in the hall one my wife grabs me in the hall one afternoon, "How long does it take to afternoon, "How long does it take to afternoon, "How long does it take to acclimate?" I said, "I don't know. I acclimate?" I said, "I don't know. I acclimate?" I said, "I don't know. I never had to. Go downstairs and talk to never had to. Go downstairs and talk to never had to. Go downstairs and talk to that boy." So, I went downstairs. I uh that boy." So, I went downstairs. I uh that boy." So, I went downstairs. I uh politely asked my 26-year-old son, politely asked my 26-year-old son, politely asked my 26-year-old son, "Pause your video game. I need your full "Pause your video game. I need your full "Pause your video game. I need your full attention on this one." attention on this one." attention on this one." [laughter] Mom and I were a little [laughter] Mom and I were a little [laughter] Mom and I were a little curious. Did the army teach you a skill, curious. Did the army teach you a skill, curious. Did the army teach you a skill, something they can use to get employment something they can use to get employment something they can use to get employment and move out? I want you to understand and move out? I want you to understand and move out? I want you to understand something, young man. Your mother and I something, young man. Your mother and I something, young man. Your mother and I want grandchildren. We've earned want grandchildren. We've earned want grandchildren. We've earned grandchildren. And we worship a God of grandchildren. And we worship a God of grandchildren. And we worship a God of miracles. We believe out of three miracles. We believe out of three miracles. We believe out of three billion women on this planet, God has billion women on this planet, God has billion women on this planet, God has chosen one of those women for you to chosen one of those women for you to chosen one of those women for you to breathe with. [laughter] We just don't think she's going to fall We just don't think she's going to fall We just don't think she's going to fall through our vent and land in your lap through our vent and land in your lap through our vent and land in your lap down here in the basement. [laughter] So, did you learn anything? He thought So, did you learn anything? He thought So, did you learn anything? He thought about it. He said, "You know, I could about it. He said, "You know, I could about it. He said, "You know, I could kill you six ways with a popsicle stick. kill you six ways with a popsicle stick. kill you six ways with a popsicle stick. All right, you enjoy that video game, my All right, you enjoy that video game, my All right, you enjoy that video game, my man. And man. And man. And let mom and I know when you're done let mom and I know when you're done let mom and I know when you're done doing that acclimating thing. doing that acclimating thing. doing that acclimating thing. So, I run upstairs and Tammy says to me, So, I run upstairs and Tammy says to me, So, I run upstairs and Tammy says to me, "How what'd he say?" He said, "Get rid "How what'd he say?" He said, "Get rid "How what'd he say?" He said, "Get rid of the fudge sickles cuz he's going on a of the fudge sickles cuz he's going on a of the fudge sickles cuz he's going on a diet." That's what he said. [laughter] diet." That's what he said. [laughter] diet." That's what he said. [laughter] Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if the Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if the Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if the army fed him for 6 years. He was army fed him for 6 years. He was army fed him for 6 years. He was literally eating us out of house. My literally eating us out of house. My literally eating us out of house. My wife and I started hiding food in our wife and I started hiding food in our wife and I started hiding food in our bedroom to keep it from our son. bedroom to keep it from our son. bedroom to keep it from our son. [laughter] I'm not lying. That's [laughter] I'm not lying. That's [laughter] I'm not lying. That's pathetic. It really is. We had a stash pathetic. It really is. We had a stash pathetic. It really is. We had a stash of brownies and muffins in the of brownies and muffins in the of brownies and muffins in the nightstand next to our bedroom. nightstand next to our bedroom. nightstand next to our bedroom. So late at night, we'd get all excited, So late at night, we'd get all excited, So late at night, we'd get all excited, run down the hall, hold hands, lock the run down the hall, hold hands, lock the run down the hall, hold hands, lock the bedroom door. [laughter] I'm sure he thought we were doing I'm sure he thought we were doing I'm sure he thought we were doing something else, but we [laughter] something else, but we [laughter] something else, but we [laughter] were just under the covers eating were just under the covers eating were just under the covers eating brownies and laughing at him. Yeah. brownies and laughing at him. Yeah. brownies and laughing at him. Yeah. Really, you hit 50, your life gets Really, you hit 50, your life gets Really, you hit 50, your life gets pathetic. It really does. pathetic. It really does. pathetic. It really does. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> The brownies are here. >> The brownies are here. >> The brownies are here. We'd run down the hall, LOCK THE DOOR. We'd run down the hall, LOCK THE DOOR. We'd run down the hall, LOCK THE DOOR. HURRY. HE'S GOING TO SMELL THESE AND HURRY. HE'S GOING TO SMELL THESE AND HURRY. HE'S GOING TO SMELL THESE AND WANT ONE. I KNOW IT. THEY'RE OURS. WANT ONE. I KNOW IT. THEY'RE OURS. WANT ONE. I KNOW IT. THEY'RE OURS. They're not his. They're not his. They're not his. And the truth be known, that's all we do And the truth be known, that's all we do And the truth be known, that's all we do on our bed anymore anyway is eat. We uh on our bed anymore anyway is eat. We uh on our bed anymore anyway is eat. We uh really we bought a select comfort bed. I really we bought a select comfort bed. I really we bought a select comfort bed. I don't know if you're familiar with it, don't know if you're familiar with it, don't know if you're familiar with it, but each side of the bed has its own but each side of the bed has its own but each side of the bed has its own number. The higher the number, the number. The higher the number, the number. The higher the number, the harder the mattress. My side of the bed, harder the mattress. My side of the bed, harder the mattress. My side of the bed, 100 marble slab. That's it. 100 marble slab. That's it. 100 marble slab. That's it. Tammy's number is two. Tammy's number is two. Tammy's number is two. First night she laid on her side of the First night she laid on her side of the First night she laid on her side of the bed, she literally disappeared from my bed, she literally disappeared from my bed, she literally disappeared from my view. [laughter] Mattress wrapped around her like a Mattress wrapped around her like a Mattress wrapped around her like a flower tortilla. [laughter] flower tortilla. [laughter] flower tortilla. [laughter] Poor thing was sleeping in a fajita on Poor thing was sleeping in a fajita on Poor thing was sleeping in a fajita on her side of the bed. So I roll over to her side of the bed. So I roll over to her side of the bed. So I roll over to kiss her good night. I fall into a kiss her good night. I fall into a kiss her good night. I fall into a ditch. I can't get out. I'm like laying ditch. I can't get out. I'm like laying ditch. I can't get out. I'm like laying there. She's going, "Get off of me. What there. She's going, "Get off of me. What there. She's going, "Get off of me. What are you doing over here? Get off of me." are you doing over here? Get off of me." are you doing over here? Get off of me." By the way, if you're a newlywed, that's By the way, if you're a newlywed, that's By the way, if you're a newlywed, that's the sound of 32 years of love right the sound of 32 years of love right the sound of 32 years of love right there. there. there. Yeah. Yes. You're on my hair. You haven't Yes. You're on my hair. You haven't Yes. You're on my hair. You haven't shaved. Your breast smells. Stop shaved. Your breast smells. Stop shaved. Your breast smells. Stop touching me. Don't get me wrong, we still try to get Don't get me wrong, we still try to get Don't get me wrong, we still try to get romantic. We just save it for special romantic. We just save it for special romantic. We just save it for special holidays. Now, holidays. Now, holidays. Now, turns out Tammy's favorite is leap year. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, I didn't even know that was a holiday. I I didn't even know that was a holiday. I I didn't even know that was a holiday. I really didn't. I'll dim the lights and really didn't. I'll dim the lights and really didn't. I'll dim the lights and put on some shade. And Tammy says, "Wow, put on some shade. And Tammy says, "Wow, put on some shade. And Tammy says, "Wow, has it been four years already?" has it been four years already?" has it been four years already?" All right, I'll get the good flannel and All right, I'll get the good flannel and All right, I'll get the good flannel and the hunting socks on tonight. Nah, we're married. We try. We just We Nah, we're married. We try. We just We Nah, we're married. We try. We just We just know how much time and energy it just know how much time and energy it just know how much time and energy it actually takes and we prefer to watch actually takes and we prefer to watch actually takes and we prefer to watch Law and Order. That's just Law and Order. That's just Law and Order. That's just just the way it's worked out. My wife just the way it's worked out. My wife just the way it's worked out. My wife falls asleep at 9:15 every night. You falls asleep at 9:15 every night. You falls asleep at 9:15 every night. You could set a watch by her body at 9:10. could set a watch by her body at 9:10. could set a watch by her body at 9:10. You look at her on the couch in our You look at her on the couch in our You look at her on the couch in our living room. It's like a gas leak goes living room. It's like a gas leak goes living room. It's like a gas leak goes off. off. off. Sweetheart, maybe you should go to bed. Sweetheart, maybe you should go to bed. Sweetheart, maybe you should go to bed. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. [laughter] What are you, a 5-year-old? Quit What are you, a 5-year-old? Quit What are you, a 5-year-old? Quit fighting it. Just go to bed. fighting it. Just go to bed. fighting it. Just go to bed. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Will you be quiet? This is my favorite >> Will you be quiet? This is my favorite >> Will you be quiet? This is my favorite show. show. show. Poor woman's seen the beginning of every Poor woman's seen the beginning of every Poor woman's seen the beginning of every Law and Order for five seasons. Law and Order for five seasons. Law and Order for five seasons. And now they come out in rerun and she's And now they come out in rerun and she's And now they come out in rerun and she's yelling at me. I've seen this one. WE'LL yelling at me. I've seen this one. WE'LL yelling at me. I've seen this one. WE'LL GIVE IT 20 MINUTES. GIVE IT 20 MINUTES. GIVE IT 20 MINUTES. I love that woman. I love that woman. I love that woman. People ask too, they ask me, "Is your People ask too, they ask me, "Is your People ask too, they ask me, "Is your wife aware of the way you talk about wife aware of the way you talk about wife aware of the way you talk about her?" No. So, don't be Facebooking her. her?" No. So, don't be Facebooking her. her?" No. So, don't be Facebooking her. This is her idea of funny. God bless me This is her idea of funny. God bless me This is her idea of funny. God bless me with an amazing woman. She's got a dark, with an amazing woman. She's got a dark, with an amazing woman. She's got a dark, twisted sense of humor. I mean it. She's twisted sense of humor. I mean it. She's twisted sense of humor. I mean it. She's dark. This is her idea of funny. I'm in dark. This is her idea of funny. I'm in dark. This is her idea of funny. I'm in my chair at home. Every man, you have a my chair at home. Every man, you have a my chair at home. Every man, you have a chair, don't you, sir? Darn right. You chair, don't you, sir? Darn right. You chair, don't you, sir? Darn right. You have a chair cuz you're a man. have a chair cuz you're a man. have a chair cuz you're a man. That's your throne. If you ever went That's your throne. If you ever went That's your throne. If you ever went missing, they give a cushion in that missing, they give a cushion in that missing, they give a cushion in that chair to a blood hound, wouldn't they? chair to a blood hound, wouldn't they? chair to a blood hound, wouldn't they? FIND THAT SMELL FIND THAT SMELL FIND THAT SMELL and then they'd revive the dog and send and then they'd revive the dog and send and then they'd revive the dog and send him on his way. So, I'm in my chair one afternoon, So, I'm in my chair one afternoon, So, I'm in my chair one afternoon, minding my own business. Now, my wife minding my own business. Now, my wife minding my own business. Now, my wife comes up behind me. She starts rubbing comes up behind me. She starts rubbing comes up behind me. She starts rubbing me like that. She's got her arms around me like that. She's got her arms around me like that. She's got her arms around me like that. She's nibbling on my ear. me like that. She's nibbling on my ear. me like that. She's nibbling on my ear. And of course, I'm thinking, is it And of course, I'm thinking, is it And of course, I'm thinking, is it February 29th? >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> It was a nice moment between a man and >> It was a nice moment between a man and >> It was a nice moment between a man and wife. We were married 20 plus years at wife. We were married 20 plus years at wife. We were married 20 plus years at that point. And it was a nice moment in that point. And it was a nice moment in that point. And it was a nice moment in like few minutes, just really nice and like few minutes, just really nice and like few minutes, just really nice and tender. And then at one point, she tender. And then at one point, she tender. And then at one point, she kisses the top of my head and she hugs kisses the top of my head and she hugs kisses the top of my head and she hugs me. She said, "I love you, Jeffrey." I me. She said, "I love you, Jeffrey." I me. She said, "I love you, Jeffrey." I said, "I love you too, baby." And she said, "I love you too, baby." And she said, "I love you too, baby." And she walks away. And I'm basking in the walks away. And I'm basking in the walks away. And I'm basking in the warmth of this. I mean 10 15. At times I warmth of this. I mean 10 15. At times I warmth of this. I mean 10 15. At times I would yell. She was in the kitchen. would yell. She was in the kitchen. would yell. She was in the kitchen. Baby, that was nice. Thank you. Baby, that was nice. Thank you. Baby, that was nice. Thank you. And at one point my son comes walking And at one point my son comes walking And at one point my son comes walking through. Hey, Dad. Who drew that big through. Hey, Dad. Who drew that big through. Hey, Dad. Who drew that big smiley face on your bald spot? smiley face on your bald spot? smiley face on your bald spot? >> YEAH. WHAT I THOUGHT WAS fingernails was >> YEAH. WHAT I THOUGHT WAS fingernails was >> YEAH. WHAT I THOUGHT WAS fingernails was a Sharpie. She was back there scratching a Sharpie. She was back there scratching a Sharpie. She was back there scratching artwork on my dome. artwork on my dome. artwork on my dome. So, don't you feel sorry for her. She's So, don't you feel sorry for her. She's So, don't you feel sorry for her. She's sick and she's twisted. We've been married 32 years. And uh I We've been married 32 years. And uh I We've been married 32 years. And uh I got my father gave me one really wise got my father gave me one really wise got my father gave me one really wise piece of advice before I got married and piece of advice before I got married and piece of advice before I got married and it's held true for 32 years. On my it's held true for 32 years. On my it's held true for 32 years. On my wedding day, my father said to me, wedding day, my father said to me, wedding day, my father said to me, "Before you argue with your new wife, "Before you argue with your new wife, "Before you argue with your new wife, and you're going to argue with her, and you're going to argue with her, and you're going to argue with her, before you do, take some time, step before you do, take some time, step before you do, take some time, step back, ask yourself two questions. Do you back, ask yourself two questions. Do you back, ask yourself two questions. Do you want to be right or do you want to be want to be right or do you want to be want to be right or do you want to be happy?" happy?" happy?" Right? And then he broke down and sobbed Right? And then he broke down and sobbed Right? And then he broke down and sobbed right in front of me. right in front of me. right in front of me. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I had no idea what that man was talking >> I had no idea what that man was talking >> I had no idea what that man was talking about. 32 years later, I can tell you about. 32 years later, I can tell you about. 32 years later, I can tell you this. I'm a happy, happy, happy man. this. I'm a happy, happy, happy man. this. I'm a happy, happy, happy man. I ain't been right in 12 years now. Sometimes I even have to ask her, "Am I Sometimes I even have to ask her, "Am I Sometimes I even have to ask her, "Am I happy?" Oh, you better believe you're happy?" Oh, you better believe you're happy?" Oh, you better believe you're happy. happy. happy. I was just checking with you, buttercup. I was just checking with you, buttercup. I was just checking with you, buttercup. I got to call my friends up. I can't go I got to call my friends up. I can't go I got to call my friends up. I can't go golfing, but I'm a happy, happy, happy golfing, but I'm a happy, happy, happy golfing, but I'm a happy, happy, happy man. man. man. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> And don't get me wrong, we argue. You've >> And don't get me wrong, we argue. You've >> And don't get me wrong, we argue. You've got to argue in your marriage. You don't got to argue in your marriage. You don't got to argue in your marriage. You don't argue in your marriage. It'll build up argue in your marriage. It'll build up argue in your marriage. It'll build up in your brain over time and fries your in your brain over time and fries your in your brain over time and fries your brain. Yeah. And then you wind up like brain. Yeah. And then you wind up like brain. Yeah. And then you wind up like those babbling mumbling couples you've those babbling mumbling couples you've those babbling mumbling couples you've seen in Arizona, Florida. These seen in Arizona, Florida. These seen in Arizona, Florida. These [laughter] 50 plus years of marriage, [laughter] 50 plus years of marriage, [laughter] 50 plus years of marriage, they're kind of walking down the street. they're kind of walking down the street. they're kind of walking down the street. The wife is fine. It's the poor husband The wife is fine. It's the poor husband The wife is fine. It's the poor husband 8t behind her that scares me to death. 8t behind her that scares me to death. 8t behind her that scares me to death. This poor man's all hunched over. He's This poor man's all hunched over. He's This poor man's all hunched over. He's vibrating, mumbling. Oh, he's telling me vibrating, mumbling. Oh, he's telling me vibrating, mumbling. Oh, he's telling me what to do with him. what to do with him. what to do with him. start telling you what to do. I'm a man. start telling you what to do. I'm a man. start telling you what to do. I'm a man. You can't tell. I'm a man. I'm a man. You can't tell. I'm a man. I'm a man. You can't tell. I'm a man. I'm a man. This poor guy, he's starting to try to This poor guy, he's starting to try to This poor guy, he's starting to try to win back all the arguments he's been win back all the arguments he's been win back all the arguments he's been throwing away for 50 years. [laughter] throwing away for 50 years. [laughter] throwing away for 50 years. [laughter] You know, he was 6'3 when he got You know, he was 6'3 when he got You know, he was 6'3 when he got married. Now he's 4'1. Look at the poor married. Now he's 4'1. Look at the poor married. Now he's 4'1. Look at the poor man. Weighed down by half a century of man. Weighed down by half a century of man. Weighed down by half a century of apathy. Leave a toilet seat up if I want apathy. Leave a toilet seat up if I want apathy. Leave a toilet seat up if I want to leave a toilet seat up. Tell me what to leave a toilet seat up. Tell me what to leave a toilet seat up. Tell me what to do. I hope you sit in the water every to do. I hope you sit in the water every to do. I hope you sit in the water every night. I don't care. And that's when she turns around. What'd And that's when she turns around. What'd And that's when she turns around. What'd you JUST SAY TO ME? I DIDN'T SAY NOTHING you JUST SAY TO ME? I DIDN'T SAY NOTHING you JUST SAY TO ME? I DIDN'T SAY NOTHING TO YOU. TO YOU. TO YOU. SCARY. My wife and I have been married for 7 My wife and I have been married for 7 My wife and I have been married for 7 years now, and it's wonderful. I years now, and it's wonderful. I years now, and it's wonderful. I absolutely love it. It's It's amazing. absolutely love it. It's It's amazing. absolutely love it. It's It's amazing. It's It's amazing. It It change. It's It's amazing. It It change. It's It's amazing. It It change. Everything changes once you get married. Everything changes once you get married. Everything changes once you get married. Once you spend all of that time with Once you spend all of that time with Once you spend all of that time with somebody, you don't understand. You somebody, you don't understand. You somebody, you don't understand. You cannot comprehend the range of emotions cannot comprehend the range of emotions cannot comprehend the range of emotions you can feel for a person until you're you can feel for a person until you're you can feel for a person until you're married. Until you spend every day with married. Until you spend every day with married. Until you spend every day with that person. that person. that person. >> [laughter] >> You know, like sometimes I'll come home >> You know, like sometimes I'll come home >> You know, like sometimes I'll come home late at night after doing shows and I'll late at night after doing shows and I'll late at night after doing shows and I'll I'll see my wife sleeping in our bed and I'll see my wife sleeping in our bed and I'll see my wife sleeping in our bed and I'll think to myself, "My god, I'll think to myself, "My god, I'll think to myself, "My god, I'm the luckiest man in the world." I'm the luckiest man in the world." I'm the luckiest man in the world." >> Yeah. I can't believe that this woman >> Yeah. I can't believe that this woman >> Yeah. I can't believe that this woman would spend a moment with me, let alone would spend a moment with me, let alone would spend a moment with me, let alone her entire life. her entire life. her entire life. Can't believe how blessed I am. And sometimes [laughter] I'll come home late at night [laughter] I'll come home late at night [laughter] I'll come home late at night after doing shows and I'll see that same after doing shows and I'll see that same after doing shows and I'll see that same woman woman woman in that same bed and I'll THINK TO in that same bed and I'll THINK TO in that same bed and I'll THINK TO MYSELF, I COULD PUT THIS PILLOW. And that's what love is, ladies and And that's what love is, ladies and And that's what love is, ladies and gentlemen. gentlemen. gentlemen. Love is putting down that pillow. Love is putting down that pillow. Love is putting down that pillow. Trying to keep the spark alive. You got Trying to keep the spark alive. You got Trying to keep the spark alive. You got to keep the spark alive. I read recently to keep the spark alive. I read recently to keep the spark alive. I read recently the best way to keep the spark alive in the best way to keep the spark alive in the best way to keep the spark alive in a relationship is you got to keep the a relationship is you got to keep the a relationship is you got to keep the mystery. You got to keep mystery in the mystery. You got to keep mystery in the mystery. You got to keep mystery in the relationship to keep the spark alive. relationship to keep the spark alive. relationship to keep the spark alive. After reading that, I started hiding my After reading that, I started hiding my After reading that, I started hiding my wife's stuff. wife's stuff. wife's stuff. She's like, "Where are my keys?" And I'm She's like, "Where are my keys?" And I'm She's like, "Where are my keys?" And I'm like, "Romance is in the air." like, "Romance is in the air." like, "Romance is in the air." My wife and I did take our relationship My wife and I did take our relationship My wife and I did take our relationship to the next level recently. We got a to the next level recently. We got a to the next level recently. We got a Costco membership. Costco membership. Costco membership. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Marriages till death, Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Marriages till death, Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Marriages till death, but 300 toothbrushes. That's forever. I but 300 toothbrushes. That's forever. I but 300 toothbrushes. That's forever. I I had never been to a Costco. It's an I had never been to a Costco. It's an I had never been to a Costco. It's an amazing place. If you haven't been, it amazing place. If you haven't been, it amazing place. If you haven't been, it is a club. There's It's a very exclusive is a club. There's It's a very exclusive is a club. There's It's a very exclusive club. There's a membership process you club. There's a membership process you club. There's a membership process you have to go through. You have to stand in have to go through. You have to stand in have to go through. You have to stand in a line and you have to give them $60. a line and you have to give them $60. a line and you have to give them $60. That's the whole process. And uh and That's the whole process. And uh and That's the whole process. And uh and then you get in there and it's a magical then you get in there and it's a magical then you get in there and it's a magical wonderland. It's like a dark mirror that wonderland. It's like a dark mirror that wonderland. It's like a dark mirror that shows you all of your bad habits but shows you all of your bad habits but shows you all of your bad habits but magnified a thousand times. I went in magnified a thousand times. I went in magnified a thousand times. I went in there and I saw a brick of cheese the there and I saw a brick of cheese the there and I saw a brick of cheese the size of a car battery and I was like, size of a car battery and I was like, size of a car battery and I was like, "Yeah." The expiration date said 3 weeks and I The expiration date said 3 weeks and I The expiration date said 3 weeks and I WAS LIKE, "IT'S GO TIME. LET'S DO THIS." WAS LIKE, "IT'S GO TIME. LET'S DO THIS." WAS LIKE, "IT'S GO TIME. LET'S DO THIS." YEAH. I haven't poked in a month and a YEAH. I haven't poked in a month and a YEAH. I haven't poked in a month and a half, but I finished it. [laughter] half, but I finished it. [laughter] half, but I finished it. [laughter] Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The money you save on toilet paper The money you save on toilet paper The money you save on toilet paper alone, it is an amazing story. alone, it is an amazing story. alone, it is an amazing story. [laughter] It's wonderful. It's wild. [laughter] It's wonderful. It's wild. [laughter] It's wonderful. It's wild. They give you samples, which I find They give you samples, which I find They give you samples, which I find hilarious. Did you like that little bite hilarious. Did you like that little bite hilarious. Did you like that little bite of hot dog? Would you like 486 of them? of hot dog? Would you like 486 of them? of hot dog? Would you like 486 of them? [laughter] You can have that. [laughter] You can have that. [laughter] You can have that. Yeah. They have an optometrist there so Yeah. They have an optometrist there so Yeah. They have an optometrist there so you can get your eyes checked. I don't you can get your eyes checked. I don't you can get your eyes checked. I don't need my eyes checked. I need a need my eyes checked. I need a need my eyes checked. I need a cardiologist. Did you see my cart? I cardiologist. Did you see my cart? I cardiologist. Did you see my cart? I bought 43 pounds of bacon. bought 43 pounds of bacon. bought 43 pounds of bacon. I don't need contacts, but I'm going to I don't need contacts, but I'm going to I don't need contacts, but I'm going to need a couple stints by the uh end of need a couple stints by the uh end of need a couple stints by the uh end of this week. this week. this week. I went the first time I was there, I I went the first time I was there, I I went the first time I was there, I walked in there and I saw clothes and I walked in there and I saw clothes and I walked in there and I saw clothes and I thought that was so funny. I thought thought that was so funny. I thought thought that was so funny. I thought that was so ridiculous. I'm like, they that was so ridiculous. I'm like, they that was so ridiculous. I'm like, they have clothes at Costco? That is rid who have clothes at Costco? That is rid who have clothes at Costco? That is rid who is buying clothes at Costco. And then I is buying clothes at Costco. And then I is buying clothes at Costco. And then I got my cart to the checkout and I looked got my cart to the checkout and I looked got my cart to the checkout and I looked at all the food that I was going to put at all the food that I was going to put at all the food that I was going to put into my body and I said, "Wait, I'm into my body and I said, "Wait, I'm into my body and I said, "Wait, I'm going to need bigger pants. [laughter] My wife and I also went to IKEA recently My wife and I also went to IKEA recently My wife and I also went to IKEA recently cuz we hadn't been in a fight in a cuz we hadn't been in a fight in a cuz we hadn't been in a fight in a while. And uh [laughter] while. And uh [laughter] while. And uh [laughter] that will do it. You can't go to IKEA that will do it. You can't go to IKEA that will do it. You can't go to IKEA and not get into a fight. It's amazing. and not get into a fight. It's amazing. and not get into a fight. It's amazing. I think IKEA planned it that way. Just a I think IKEA planned it that way. Just a I think IKEA planned it that way. Just a maze of confusion and frustration. All maze of confusion and frustration. All maze of confusion and frustration. All designed to get couples to break up so designed to get couples to break up so designed to get couples to break up so they have to furnish two households. they have to furnish two households. they have to furnish two households. It's a genius company. It's a genius company. It's a genius company. My wife and I have fought so much at My wife and I have fought so much at My wife and I have fought so much at IKEA. At this point, my wife even IKEA. At this point, my wife even IKEA. At this point, my wife even mentions IKEA. We get into a fight mentions IKEA. We get into a fight mentions IKEA. We get into a fight immediately, not even about IKEA. The immediately, not even about IKEA. The immediately, not even about IKEA. The other day, she goes, "We need to go to other day, she goes, "We need to go to other day, she goes, "We need to go to IKEA, get a new bookshelf." She goes, IKEA, get a new bookshelf." She goes, IKEA, get a new bookshelf." She goes, "We uh" She goes, "Should we get another "We uh" She goes, "Should we get another "We uh" She goes, "Should we get another 56-in one or should we get the 79 in 56-in one or should we get the 79 in 56-in one or should we get the 79 in one?" She goes, "We got 82in ceilings. one?" She goes, "We got 82in ceilings. one?" She goes, "We got 82in ceilings. Do you think the 79 in front will look Do you think the 79 in front will look Do you think the 79 in front will look weird?" And I was like, "I hate your weird?" And I was like, "I hate your weird?" And I was like, "I hate your mother. [laughter] I don't even know how these fights I don't even know how these fights I don't even know how these fights happen. [laughter] My wife proposed to me. A lot of times My wife proposed to me. A lot of times My wife proposed to me. A lot of times it's the other way around. You know, it's the other way around. You know, it's the other way around. You know, it's always every it was it was a real it's always every it was it was a real it's always every it was it was a real surprise when she proposed to me. You surprise when she proposed to me. You surprise when she proposed to me. You know, when a man proposes to a woman, know, when a man proposes to a woman, know, when a man proposes to a woman, it's never a surprise really because you it's never a surprise really because you it's never a surprise really because you ladies hint pretty hard. You know, I'm ladies hint pretty hard. You know, I'm ladies hint pretty hard. You know, I'm kind of cold on my ring finger. U kind of cold on my ring finger. U kind of cold on my ring finger. U warm it up, you know. warm it up, you know. warm it up, you know. No, but my wife, she did. She proposed No, but my wife, she did. She proposed No, but my wife, she did. She proposed to me. It was very romantic. there. I to me. It was very romantic. there. I to me. It was very romantic. there. I remember like it was yesterday she uh remember like it was yesterday she uh remember like it was yesterday she uh came up to me one night and she was came up to me one night and she was came up to me one night and she was like, "I'm pregnant." I was like, "Oh, like, "I'm pregnant." I was like, "Oh, like, "I'm pregnant." I was like, "Oh, I never thought you'd ask." Oh, I never thought you'd ask." Oh, I never thought you'd ask." Oh, feel like such a lady. feel like such a lady. feel like such a lady. That's right. Uh I took my wife on our That's right. Uh I took my wife on our That's right. Uh I took my wife on our to dinner and um you know, we we we to dinner and um you know, we we we to dinner and um you know, we we we exchanged gifts. You know, we exchanged exchanged gifts. You know, we exchanged exchanged gifts. You know, we exchanged gifts. I bought my wife a beautiful gifts. I bought my wife a beautiful gifts. I bought my wife a beautiful necklace. You know what my wife bought necklace. You know what my wife bought necklace. You know what my wife bought me? P90X. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> P90X. >> P90X. >> P90X. How is that a gift? How is that a gift? How is that a gift? Have y'all seen You know what I'm Have y'all seen You know what I'm Have y'all seen You know what I'm talking about? Have you seen the talking about? Have you seen the talking about? Have you seen the commercial like at 1:00 in the morning commercial like at 1:00 in the morning commercial like at 1:00 in the morning and like, "Hey, GIVE ME 90 DAYS. I'LL and like, "Hey, GIVE ME 90 DAYS. I'LL and like, "Hey, GIVE ME 90 DAYS. I'LL MAKE YOU LOOK LIKE ME." MAKE YOU LOOK LIKE ME." MAKE YOU LOOK LIKE ME." NO, you won't. [laughter] Has Has anyone NO, you won't. [laughter] Has Has anyone NO, you won't. [laughter] Has Has anyone here ever done P90X? here ever done P90X? here ever done P90X? >> Yeah. You've done it. How How far did >> Yeah. You've done it. How How far did >> Yeah. You've done it. How How far did you get, man? you get, man? you get, man? >> A couple videos. >> A couple videos. >> A couple videos. >> A couple videos, ma'am. I was on day >> A couple videos, ma'am. I was on day >> A couple videos, ma'am. I was on day three for 180 days. Let's just put it three for 180 days. Let's just put it three for 180 days. Let's just put it that way. Okay. I mean, again, it's that way. Okay. I mean, again, it's that way. Okay. I mean, again, it's like, let me tell you something. After, like, let me tell you something. After, like, let me tell you something. After, correct me if I'm wrong, but after the correct me if I'm wrong, but after the correct me if I'm wrong, but after the first day of doing P90X, you feel a first day of doing P90X, you feel a first day of doing P90X, you feel a soreness like you never felt before in soreness like you never felt before in soreness like you never felt before in your life. Am I right? It's not This is your life. Am I right? It's not This is your life. Am I right? It's not This is a different kind of like I was so sore a different kind of like I was so sore a different kind of like I was so sore the next day. the next day. the next day. [laughter] It hurt to breathe. [laughter] It hurt to breathe. [laughter] It hurt to breathe. I woke up like ah. My wife is YELLING AT ME. HURRY UP. THE My wife is YELLING AT ME. HURRY UP. THE My wife is YELLING AT ME. HURRY UP. THE TRASH MAN'S COMING. [laughter] I dropped my key to the front [laughter] I dropped my key to the front [laughter] I dropped my key to the front gate and I was trying to pick it up. She gate and I was trying to pick it up. She gate and I was trying to pick it up. She thought I was singing opera in the other thought I was singing opera in the other thought I was singing opera in the other room. THE TRASH AIN'T GOING OUT THIS WAY. THE TRASH AIN'T GOING OUT THIS WAY. THE TRASH AIN'T GOING OUT THIS WAY. And in the in the video, I mean, I'm And in the in the video, I mean, I'm And in the in the video, I mean, I'm serious. You have You are so sore. Like, serious. You have You are so sore. Like, serious. You have You are so sore. Like, I was so sore. Even my fat was sore. I was so sore. Even my fat was sore. I was so sore. Even my fat was sore. That's how bad it was. You know that That's how bad it was. You know that That's how bad it was. You know that back fat right here when you're here back fat right here when you're here back fat right here when you're here walking someone, hey, Cleto, you turn walking someone, hey, Cleto, you turn walking someone, hey, Cleto, you turn around, it pinches you right here, around, it pinches you right here, around, it pinches you right here, fools, this this ain't TV. I can see you fools, this this ain't TV. I can see you fools, this this ain't TV. I can see you right now. Do you know what I'm talking right now. Do you know what I'm talking right now. Do you know what I'm talking about? You know that? You know THAT BACK about? You know that? You know THAT BACK about? You know that? You know THAT BACK FAT RIGHT THERE? LIKE, IT WAS EVEN FAT RIGHT THERE? LIKE, IT WAS EVEN FAT RIGHT THERE? LIKE, IT WAS EVEN TALKING TO ME LIKE, "What's wrong with TALKING TO ME LIKE, "What's wrong with TALKING TO ME LIKE, "What's wrong with you? I thought we were friends." You you? I thought we were friends." You you? I thought we were friends." You know, know, know, I was so sore. [laughter] I was so sore. [laughter] I was so sore. [laughter] And and and in the video, I mean, in the And and and in the video, I mean, in the And and and in the video, I mean, in the video, they got guys that look just like video, they got guys that look just like video, they got guys that look just like the other guy. Like, yeah, these are my the other guy. Like, yeah, these are my the other guy. Like, yeah, these are my trainers, Neil and Sean. [laughter] trainers, Neil and Sean. [laughter] trainers, Neil and Sean. [laughter] That doesn't motivate me. Get guys like That doesn't motivate me. Get guys like That doesn't motivate me. Get guys like Juan and Pepe, that are fed better than Juan and Pepe, that are fed better than Juan and Pepe, that are fed better than me. Oh, I'll beat these guys with a me. Oh, I'll beat these guys with a me. Oh, I'll beat these guys with a burger in my hand. Come on. burger in my hand. Come on. burger in my hand. Come on. And another thing, you sweat something And another thing, you sweat something And another thing, you sweat something fierce when you do P90X. I was sweating fierce when you do P90X. I was sweating fierce when you do P90X. I was sweating out tacos I haven't had since third out tacos I haven't had since third out tacos I haven't had since third grade. I kid you not. I was like, grade. I kid you not. I was like, grade. I kid you not. I was like, "You smell like potato and egg in here." And I was like, "Man," and I know why my And I was like, "Man," and I know why my And I was like, "Man," and I know why my I and again, if you bought P90X last I and again, if you bought P90X last I and again, if you bought P90X last year around February 19th for $5 on year around February 19th for $5 on year around February 19th for $5 on Craigslist, you're welcome. Craigslist, you're welcome. Craigslist, you're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. Gone. Gone. Gone. Gone. [applause] Gone. [applause] Gone. [applause] But I know my wife bought me that But I know my wife bought me that But I know my wife bought me that because understand something. My wife because understand something. My wife because understand something. My wife wants me to lose weight. I got a little wants me to lose weight. I got a little wants me to lose weight. I got a little I mean right here. I know you can't tell I mean right here. I know you can't tell I mean right here. I know you can't tell by this shirt. by this shirt. by this shirt. [laughter] I I hold it back like that. [laughter] I I hold it back like that. [laughter] I I hold it back like that. Ma'am, you ever see the Animal Planet? Ma'am, you ever see the Animal Planet? Ma'am, you ever see the Animal Planet? You seen where the snake eats the rat? You seen where the snake eats the rat? You seen where the snake eats the rat? Like that's how I look when it's just Like that's how I look when it's just Like that's how I look when it's just like you see the rat going down. And like you see the rat going down. And like you see the rat going down. And so here here I am. My wife bought me so here here I am. My wife bought me so here here I am. My wife bought me this P90X because she wants me to lose a this P90X because she wants me to lose a this P90X because she wants me to lose a little weight. And I get it. I little weight. And I get it. I little weight. And I get it. I understand. See, we were watching uh understand. See, we were watching uh understand. See, we were watching uh Superman the other day. We We had a date Superman the other day. We We had a date Superman the other day. We We had a date night. We red box Superman cuz that's night. We red box Superman cuz that's night. We red box Superman cuz that's what we call date night when it's not what we call date night when it's not what we call date night when it's not payday. We red box it. And [laughter] payday. We red box it. And [laughter] payday. We red box it. And [laughter] we were watching Superman and there's a we were watching Superman and there's a we were watching Superman and there's a look that your wife will give you look that your wife will give you look that your wife will give you that'll make you want to work out. that'll make you want to work out. that'll make you want to work out. Now, I don't know if you've seen the Now, I don't know if you've seen the Now, I don't know if you've seen the first Superman with a new guy. You know, first Superman with a new guy. You know, first Superman with a new guy. You know, he's the guy's a pretty boy. You know, he's the guy's a pretty boy. You know, he's the guy's a pretty boy. You know, he's got abs. Whatever. Who cares? All he's got abs. Whatever. Who cares? All he's got abs. Whatever. Who cares? All right. [laughter] And he's there and right. [laughter] And he's there and right. [laughter] And he's there and he's he's he's saving people from a fire he's he's he's saving people from a fire he's he's he's saving people from a fire and he has no shirt on. Okay. Now, this and he has no shirt on. Okay. Now, this and he has no shirt on. Okay. Now, this is my wife checking out Superman, saving is my wife checking out Superman, saving is my wife checking out Superman, saving people from a fire and then looking people from a fire and then looking people from a fire and then looking [clears throat] at me. [laughter] [clears throat] at me. [laughter] [clears throat] at me. [laughter] Okay. >> [laughter] >> like trying to figure out what shape am >> like trying to figure out what shape am >> like trying to figure out what shape am I, you know, and [laughter] it did not I, you know, and [laughter] it did not I, you know, and [laughter] it did not help me any that I'm sitting on my help me any that I'm sitting on my help me any that I'm sitting on my recliner with no shirt on recliner with no shirt on recliner with no shirt on and a plate of nachos right on my and a plate of nachos right on my and a plate of nachos right on my stomach. stomach. stomach. [laughter] Man, this guy's fit. Look at [laughter] Man, this guy's fit. Look at [laughter] Man, this guy's fit. Look at him. This guy MUST DO TWO A DAYS all him. This guy MUST DO TWO A DAYS all him. This guy MUST DO TWO A DAYS all showing off like that. All abs. Look at showing off like that. All abs. Look at showing off like that. All abs. Look at this guy. this guy. this guy. What? What? What? You want me to look like Superman? All You want me to look like Superman? All You want me to look like Superman? All right. So, I put a big S with nacho right. So, I put a big S with nacho right. So, I put a big S with nacho cheese on my chest. [laughter] Superman. How about that right there? Superman. How about that right there? Superman. How about that right there? And I had to join a fitness gym. I had And I had to join a fitness gym. I had And I had to join a fitness gym. I had to go join a fitness gym cuz I'm one to go join a fitness gym cuz I'm one to go join a fitness gym cuz I'm one nacho away from being a mariachi. Okay, nacho away from being a mariachi. Okay, nacho away from being a mariachi. Okay, let's get that out of the way. Uh, and I let's get that out of the way. Uh, and I let's get that out of the way. Uh, and I joined a fitness gym. And uh, round of joined a fitness gym. And uh, round of joined a fitness gym. And uh, round of applause if you ever been to a fitness applause if you ever been to a fitness applause if you ever been to a fitness gym. Applause. gym. Applause. gym. Applause. I have never been to a fitness gym ever I have never been to a fitness gym ever I have never been to a fitness gym ever in my life. And I didn't know they had in my life. And I didn't know they had in my life. And I didn't know they had their own fitness lingo. My first time I their own fitness lingo. My first time I their own fitness lingo. My first time I go in there, this guy like yells at me, go in there, this guy like yells at me, go in there, this guy like yells at me, "Hey, little man, can you spot me?" "Hey, little man, can you spot me?" "Hey, little man, can you spot me?" Brother, I'm broke. I have no money. I'm Brother, I'm broke. I have no money. I'm Brother, I'm broke. I have no money. I'm on a free week plan. I'm on a visitor's on a free week plan. I'm on a visitor's on a free week plan. I'm on a visitor's pass. You [laughter] know, and what's pass. You [laughter] know, and what's pass. You [laughter] know, and what's the deal with those machines? You get the deal with those machines? You get the deal with those machines? You get off them, it still feels like you're on off them, it still feels like you're on off them, it still feels like you're on them. them. them. I was on the stairmaster, I think it's I was on the stairmaster, I think it's I was on the stairmaster, I think it's what it's called, the stairmaster for what it's called, the stairmaster for what it's called, the stairmaster for like 45 minutes. I got off that THING. like 45 minutes. I got off that THING. like 45 minutes. I got off that THING. I'M LIKE, "HEY, WHERE'S YOUR WATER?" All day I look LIKE A THEY'RE All day I look LIKE A THEY'RE All day I look LIKE A THEY'RE LIKE, "HEY, I WAS ON THE stair master LIKE, "HEY, I WAS ON THE stair master LIKE, "HEY, I WAS ON THE stair master for 45 minutes." Okay, you need some for 45 minutes." Okay, you need some for 45 minutes." Okay, you need some water, too. Okay. water, too. Okay. water, too. Okay. You ever work out SO HARD HE STARTED You ever work out SO HARD HE STARTED You ever work out SO HARD HE STARTED BREATHING? BREATHING? BREATHING? SOME LADIES ALL SHAMU. YOU ALL RIGHT? SOME LADIES ALL SHAMU. YOU ALL RIGHT? SOME LADIES ALL SHAMU. YOU ALL RIGHT? Like yeah lady stop throwing water on Like yeah lady stop throwing water on Like yeah lady stop throwing water on me. me. me. They say if we take steroids it cause a They say if we take steroids it cause a They say if we take steroids it cause a lot of facial hair. Let me tell about my lot of facial hair. Let me tell about my lot of facial hair. Let me tell about my trainer Bertha. trainer Bertha. trainer Bertha. Oh this woman had so much hair in her Oh this woman had so much hair in her Oh this woman had so much hair in her face I thought I had Chebaca training face I thought I had Chebaca training face I thought I had Chebaca training me. I KID YOU NOT. ONE MORE. me. I KID YOU NOT. ONE MORE. me. I KID YOU NOT. ONE MORE. I was like, "CHILL OUT, CHEWY. I'M DOING I was like, "CHILL OUT, CHEWY. I'M DOING I was like, "CHILL OUT, CHEWY. I'M DOING IT." IT." IT." I was afraid to give her water. I I was afraid to give her water. I I was afraid to give her water. I thought gremlins were going to pop out. thought gremlins were going to pop out. thought gremlins were going to pop out. You know what I'm saying? Like, You know what I'm saying? Like, You know what I'm saying? Like, they told me, "Go take water aerobics." they told me, "Go take water aerobics." they told me, "Go take water aerobics." My wife goes, "Go take water aerobics. My wife goes, "Go take water aerobics. My wife goes, "Go take water aerobics. It's fun. Go [laughter] take water It's fun. Go [laughter] take water It's fun. Go [laughter] take water aerobics. It's fun." I took water aerobics. It's fun." I took water aerobics. It's fun." I took water aerobics. [laughter] I was the only man aerobics. [laughter] I was the only man aerobics. [laughter] I was the only man in water aerobics. in water aerobics. in water aerobics. They had some women there, some very They had some women there, some very They had some women there, some very mature women. I think the youngest was mature women. I think the youngest was mature women. I think the youngest was like 92. like 92. like 92. I thought they were filming Cocoon 3 in I thought they were filming Cocoon 3 in I thought they were filming Cocoon 3 in there. I didn't know what was going on. there. I didn't know what was going on. there. I didn't know what was going on. I thought it was a scuba diving class I thought it was a scuba diving class I thought it was a scuba diving class with all the oxygen tanks around the with all the oxygen tanks around the with all the oxygen tanks around the pool. I don't know. The only reason I went started working The only reason I went started working The only reason I went started working out is because my wife had me go get a a out is because my wife had me go get a a out is because my wife had me go get a a physical and I went to go see the physical and I went to go see the physical and I went to go see the doctor. The doctor goes, "Mr. Rodriguez, doctor. The doctor goes, "Mr. Rodriguez, doctor. The doctor goes, "Mr. Rodriguez, I'm sorry to inform you, but you're I'm sorry to inform you, but you're I'm sorry to inform you, but you're borderline diabetic." I said, "Doc, come borderline diabetic." I said, "Doc, come borderline diabetic." I said, "Doc, come on. Don't tell a Mexican he's borderline on. Don't tell a Mexican he's borderline on. Don't tell a Mexican he's borderline anything. We'll cross that on purpose." We'll cross that on purpose." We'll cross that on purpose." GIVE ME THE FRIED AND GIVE ME THE FRIED AND GIVE ME THE FRIED AND some ice cream. Let's go. some ice cream. Let's go. some ice cream. Let's go. Come on. I'm in bed the other night. My Come on. I'm in bed the other night. My Come on. I'm in bed the other night. My wife's in the bathroom. She's got the wife's in the bathroom. She's got the wife's in the bathroom. She's got the door shut. She's putting cream on, door shut. She's putting cream on, door shut. She's putting cream on, taking cream off, whatever the hell she taking cream off, whatever the hell she taking cream off, whatever the hell she does for that 45 minutes before she does for that 45 minutes before she does for that 45 minutes before she comes [laughter] to bed. And honestly, comes [laughter] to bed. And honestly, comes [laughter] to bed. And honestly, some nights I think she's just waiting some nights I think she's just waiting some nights I think she's just waiting me out in there. [laughter] I will file my nails all night. I'm in I will file my nails all night. I'm in I will file my nails all night. I'm in no rush to get out there. That second no rush to get out there. That second no rush to get out there. That second glass of red wine should be hitting him glass of red wine should be hitting him glass of red wine should be hitting him right about now. right about now. right about now. [laughter] The men are laughing, but [laughter] The men are laughing, but [laughter] The men are laughing, but they don't even get the joke, do they, they don't even get the joke, do they, they don't even get the joke, do they, ladies? ladies? ladies? I still have guys come up to me after I still have guys come up to me after I still have guys come up to me after the show and go, "I had no idea that was the show and go, "I had no idea that was the show and go, "I had no idea that was going on." My wife would start vacuuming going on." My wife would start vacuuming going on." My wife would start vacuuming at 11:30 at night. I could never figure at 11:30 at night. I could never figure at 11:30 at night. I could never figure out why. [laughter] out why. [laughter] out why. [laughter] Working in a comedy club in Aruba last Working in a comedy club in Aruba last Working in a comedy club in Aruba last winter. The guy that runs the comedy winter. The guy that runs the comedy winter. The guy that runs the comedy club called me and said, "Hey, we'll fly club called me and said, "Hey, we'll fly club called me and said, "Hey, we'll fly your wife down if you'd like." I said, your wife down if you'd like." I said, your wife down if you'd like." I said, "Oh, that'd be great. Let me see if we "Oh, that'd be great. Let me see if we "Oh, that'd be great. Let me see if we can find someone to watch the kids." And can find someone to watch the kids." And can find someone to watch the kids." And we're able to find a babysitter. We show we're able to find a babysitter. We show we're able to find a babysitter. We show up at the airport and goes, "Hey, I just up at the airport and goes, "Hey, I just up at the airport and goes, "Hey, I just looked at our tickets. Our seats aren't looked at our tickets. Our seats aren't looked at our tickets. Our seats aren't together on the airplane." I said, "Oh, together on the airplane." I said, "Oh, together on the airplane." I said, "Oh, let me see if I can handle this." I walk let me see if I can handle this." I walk let me see if I can handle this." I walk up to the counter. I put the tickets up to the counter. I put the tickets up to the counter. I put the tickets down. I said the girl behind the down. I said the girl behind the down. I said the girl behind the counter, "I just want you to know you're counter, "I just want you to know you're counter, "I just want you to know you're doing a great job." [laughter] doing a great job." [laughter] doing a great job." [laughter] And I may seem angry when I walk away, And I may seem angry when I walk away, And I may seem angry when I walk away, but believe me, I do not want you to but believe me, I do not want you to but believe me, I do not want you to touch these tickets. touch these tickets. touch these tickets. I'd like to stay in 3A. I'd like her to I'd like to stay in 3A. I'd like her to I'd like to stay in 3A. I'd like her to stay in 22. Just want to fly down and listen to Just want to fly down and listen to Just want to fly down and listen to music, that's all. [laughter] music, that's all. [laughter] music, that's all. [laughter] It is hard though. You haven't been in It is hard though. You haven't been in It is hard though. You haven't been in first class and your wife has to go back first class and your wife has to go back first class and your wife has to go back to coach like, "Pull the curtain. Pull to coach like, "Pull the curtain. Pull to coach like, "Pull the curtain. Pull the curtain. [laughter] You food shop for the family, sir. 20 You food shop for the family, sir. 20 You food shop for the family, sir. 20 years of marriage. Yeah. years of marriage. Yeah. years of marriage. Yeah. >> Do you? I don't do it anymore. And you >> Do you? I don't do it anymore. And you >> Do you? I don't do it anymore. And you know why? Dad never buys the right know why? Dad never buys the right know why? Dad never buys the right thing. Everything dad buys is the wrong thing. Everything dad buys is the wrong thing. Everything dad buys is the wrong thing. So I quit. I'm done. Last time I thing. So I quit. I'm done. Last time I thing. So I quit. I'm done. Last time I went food shopping and bought paper went food shopping and bought paper went food shopping and bought paper towels. Why? Cuz it was on the list. And towels. Why? Cuz it was on the list. And towels. Why? Cuz it was on the list. And I drag in 36 rolls of paper towels. And I drag in 36 rolls of paper towels. And I drag in 36 rolls of paper towels. And wife goes, "Are those the paper towels wife goes, "Are those the paper towels wife goes, "Are those the paper towels you bought?" I said, "This blocking you bought?" I said, "This blocking you bought?" I said, "This blocking dummy of paper towels I'm dragging in dummy of paper towels I'm dragging in dummy of paper towels I'm dragging in the house. I would never purchase this the house. I would never purchase this the house. I would never purchase this paper towels. I brought these home to paper towels. I brought these home to paper towels. I brought these home to show you what other men would bring home show you what other men would bring home show you what other men would bring home to their families." [laughter] to their families." [laughter] to their families." [laughter] Wife goes, "You've lived in this house Wife goes, "You've lived in this house Wife goes, "You've lived in this house 20 years. You don't know what kind of 20 years. You don't know what kind of 20 years. You don't know what kind of paper towels we use?" I said, "I'll do paper towels we use?" I said, "I'll do paper towels we use?" I said, "I'll do you one better. I don't even know where you one better. I don't even know where you one better. I don't even know where we keep the paper towels. we keep the paper towels. we keep the paper towels. If they're not right by the sink, I use If they're not right by the sink, I use If they're not right by the sink, I use my t-shirt. my t-shirt. my t-shirt. I carried a bagel around yesterday I carried a bagel around yesterday I carried a bagel around yesterday morning and wore the t-shirt all day. morning and wore the t-shirt all day. morning and wore the t-shirt all day. You still have your spark in your You still have your spark in your You still have your spark in your relationship after 27 years. You hope relationship after 27 years. You hope relationship after 27 years. You hope so. Yeah. [laughter] so. Yeah. [laughter] so. Yeah. [laughter] You got that look in your eye like You got that look in your eye like You got that look in your eye like hopefully. hopefully. hopefully. I got that a younger comedian thinking I got that a younger comedian thinking I got that a younger comedian thinking of getting married. We're in a green of getting married. We're in a green of getting married. We're in a green room. He's asking me all these room. He's asking me all these room. He's asking me all these questions. He goes, "Be honest now. Do questions. He goes, "Be honest now. Do questions. He goes, "Be honest now. Do you guys still have a spark in your you guys still have a spark in your you guys still have a spark in your relationship?" I start laughing. I go, relationship?" I start laughing. I go, relationship?" I start laughing. I go, "We have three kids and a dog running "We have three kids and a dog running "We have three kids and a dog running around the house. We're pretty sure around the house. We're pretty sure around the house. We're pretty sure someone's peed on the spark. someone's peed on the spark. someone's peed on the spark. Well, not lighting much, believe me. You Well, not lighting much, believe me. You Well, not lighting much, believe me. You know what? I really should take that know what? I really should take that know what? I really should take that back. Every now and then, winter time, back. Every now and then, winter time, back. Every now and then, winter time, my wife wore her flannel pajamas to bed. my wife wore her flannel pajamas to bed. my wife wore her flannel pajamas to bed. Then I will see some sparks. Do you see someone coming in the room Do you see someone coming in the room Do you see someone coming in the room looking like an LL Bean catalog? looking like an LL Bean catalog? looking like an LL Bean catalog? May not be your night, my friend. May not be your night, my friend. May not be your night, my friend. My wife just went out and bought herself My wife just went out and bought herself My wife just went out and bought herself new slippers. They actually cover her new slippers. They actually cover her new slippers. They actually cover her ankles. Good call, honey. I see some ankles. Good call, honey. I see some ankles. Good call, honey. I see some bare ankles come in the room. I'm bare ankles come in the room. I'm bare ankles come in the room. I'm thinking it's go time. thinking it's go time. thinking it's go time. You You've got everything covered up You You've got everything covered up You You've got everything covered up nicely right there. I like the hooded nicely right there. I like the hooded nicely right there. I like the hooded sweatshirt, too. No miscommunication sweatshirt, too. No miscommunication sweatshirt, too. No miscommunication whatsoever. whatsoever. whatsoever. You got a whole cocoon of no love going You got a whole cocoon of no love going You got a whole cocoon of no love going there. [laughter] Can I ask you one more question since Can I ask you one more question since Can I ask you one more question since you've done pretty well? Your wife ever you've done pretty well? Your wife ever you've done pretty well? Your wife ever sent you back in a party you've just sent you back in a party you've just sent you back in a party you've just left to get her Tupperware container left to get her Tupperware container left to get her Tupperware container >> today. Today. That happened today. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Where did you go this afternoon that you >> Where did you go this afternoon that you >> Where did you go this afternoon that you were having a Tupperware container? She were having a Tupperware container? She were having a Tupperware container? She just kicked you. She doesn't want you to just kicked you. She doesn't want you to just kicked you. She doesn't want you to talk. Don't talk to him anymore. That's talk. Don't talk to him anymore. That's talk. Don't talk to him anymore. That's done. done. done. You left it in the car. Someone could You left it in the car. Someone could You left it in the car. Someone could break in here. break in here. break in here. Take the time. I don't know. The women's Take the time. I don't know. The women's Take the time. I don't know. The women's connection with Tupperware is crazy. connection with Tupperware is crazy. connection with Tupperware is crazy. We're at a party and we say goodbye to We're at a party and we say goodbye to We're at a party and we say goodbye to everyone. There's hugs, kisses. We get everyone. There's hugs, kisses. We get everyone. There's hugs, kisses. We get back to the car. Like, I need to run back to the car. Like, I need to run back to the car. Like, I need to run back in, go grab our Tupperware back in, go grab our Tupperware back in, go grab our Tupperware container like we left a child behind container like we left a child behind container like we left a child behind enemy lines somewhere. I'm like, "We'll enemy lines somewhere. I'm like, "We'll enemy lines somewhere. I'm like, "We'll come back tomorrow. I'll get it later." come back tomorrow. I'll get it later." come back tomorrow. I'll get it later." We're not waiting for tomorrow. We need We're not waiting for tomorrow. We need We're not waiting for tomorrow. We need to get it now. to get it now. to get it now. >> Tell you guys, my wife and I have been >> Tell you guys, my wife and I have been >> Tell you guys, my wife and I have been married for 24 years now. I think that's married for 24 years now. I think that's married for 24 years now. I think that's a pretty good run. YEAH. a pretty good run. YEAH. a pretty good run. YEAH. Just last week, Facebook congratulated Just last week, Facebook congratulated Just last week, Facebook congratulated us on 9 years of friendship. [laughter] I didn't know Facebook knew that much I didn't know Facebook knew that much I didn't know Facebook knew that much about my marriage. [laughter] No kids. Women have a maternal instinct. No kids. Women have a maternal instinct. No kids. Women have a maternal instinct. My wife's best friend had a baby. My My wife's best friend had a baby. My My wife's best friend had a baby. My wife went over to her friend's house, wife went over to her friend's house, wife went over to her friend's house, held a two week old sleeping baby for 20 held a two week old sleeping baby for 20 held a two week old sleeping baby for 20 minutes. She comes home, she wants a minutes. She comes home, she wants a minutes. She comes home, she wants a baby. I called her friend. I said, "Next baby. I called her friend. I said, "Next baby. I called her friend. I said, "Next time, let her hold the flat screen TV time, let her hold the flat screen TV time, let her hold the flat screen TV cuz I've been thinking about it cuz I've been thinking about it cuz I've been thinking about it and I'm ready. and I'm ready. and I'm ready. I'm constantly failing as a husband. My I'm constantly failing as a husband. My I'm constantly failing as a husband. My wife will give me the simplest chore. wife will give me the simplest chore. wife will give me the simplest chore. I'm going to mess it up. She sent me to I'm going to mess it up. She sent me to I'm going to mess it up. She sent me to the store to get her deodorant. I the store to get her deodorant. I the store to get her deodorant. I couldn't find her brand. How am I couldn't find her brand. How am I couldn't find her brand. How am I supposed to find something that's supposed to find something that's supposed to find something that's invisible, unscented, and secret? There's no sharing in my marriage. We There's no sharing in my marriage. We There's no sharing in my marriage. We don't share anything. I sleep on the don't share anything. I sleep on the don't share anything. I sleep on the right side of the bed. My wife sleeps in right side of the bed. My wife sleeps in right side of the bed. My wife sleeps in the middle. Then she has the nerve to complain in Then she has the nerve to complain in Then she has the nerve to complain in the morning. How come all the covers are the morning. How come all the covers are the morning. How come all the covers are on your side of the bed? CUZ ALL THE on your side of the bed? CUZ ALL THE on your side of the bed? CUZ ALL THE PEOPLE ARE ON MY SIDE OF THE BED. Kind of interesting. My wife is 12 and a Kind of interesting. My wife is 12 and a Kind of interesting. My wife is 12 and a half years older than me. Yeah. My wife half years older than me. Yeah. My wife half years older than me. Yeah. My wife is what they call a cougar, is what they call a cougar, is what they call a cougar, which means that when she caught me, I which means that when she caught me, I which means that when she caught me, I was the slowest of my herd. was the slowest of my herd. was the slowest of my herd. Women always want to talk to me about Women always want to talk to me about Women always want to talk to me about the age difference. Some of them are mad the age difference. Some of them are mad the age difference. Some of them are mad about it. I had a lady come up to me. about it. I had a lady come up to me. about it. I had a lady come up to me. She goes, "I don't understand your She goes, "I don't understand your She goes, "I don't understand your marriage. What could you two possibly marriage. What could you two possibly marriage. What could you two possibly have to talk about? We have twice as have to talk about? We have twice as have to talk about? We have twice as much to talk about. We're from two much to talk about. We're from two much to talk about. We're from two different generations. [laughter] different generations. [laughter] different generations. [laughter] We could teach each other stuff the We could teach each other stuff the We could teach each other stuff the other one didn't learn growing up. My other one didn't learn growing up. My other one didn't learn growing up. My wife taught me all about Watergate and wife taught me all about Watergate and wife taught me all about Watergate and Nixon resigning. And I taught her how to Nixon resigning. And I taught her how to Nixon resigning. And I taught her how to find the warp zones on Super Mario find the warp zones on Super Mario find the warp zones on Super Mario Brothers. >> [laughter] >> We have a lot in common. Music. I'm a >> We have a lot in common. Music. I'm a >> We have a lot in common. Music. I'm a big Beatles fan. She was alive when they big Beatles fan. She was alive when they big Beatles fan. She was alive when they were together. [laughter] I want my wife to have whatever she I want my wife to have whatever she I want my wife to have whatever she wants. My wife won't tell me what she wants. My wife won't tell me what she wants. My wife won't tell me what she wants. That'd be too easy. [laughter] wants. That'd be too easy. [laughter] wants. That'd be too easy. [laughter] She wants me to guess. I'm not a good She wants me to guess. I'm not a good She wants me to guess. I'm not a good guesser. So, she gives me clues. It's my guesser. So, she gives me clues. It's my guesser. So, she gives me clues. It's my job to figure them out. My marriage is job to figure them out. My marriage is job to figure them out. My marriage is like an episode of CSI like an episode of CSI like an episode of CSI where they never catch the killer. where they never catch the killer. where they never catch the killer. never's an exaggeration. Sometimes she never's an exaggeration. Sometimes she never's an exaggeration. Sometimes she gives me a clue. I figured out it makes gives me a clue. I figured out it makes gives me a clue. I figured out it makes me feel like a good husband. Few years me feel like a good husband. Few years me feel like a good husband. Few years back, we're at the movie theater back, we're at the movie theater back, we're at the movie theater watching a movie called Burlesque. watching a movie called Burlesque. watching a movie called Burlesque. There's a scene in the middle of this There's a scene in the middle of this There's a scene in the middle of this movie where everybody sings a song, movie where everybody sings a song, movie where everybody sings a song, "Diamonds are a girl's best friend." My "Diamonds are a girl's best friend." My "Diamonds are a girl's best friend." My wife whispers in my ear, "This is my wife whispers in my ear, "This is my wife whispers in my ear, "This is my favorite song, and Christmas is coming favorite song, and Christmas is coming favorite song, and Christmas is coming up." So, I bought her the soundtrack. She was speechless. Ah,