we've been married a while. And a lot of
people say, a lot of people say, "Oh,
you know, a lot of married couples start
having kids after two, three years of
marriage." At the two, three year mark,
that's when a lot of couples start
having kids. Okay, great. You know, my
wife and I, we've talked about this and
we agree we're we're not ready for kids.
Not even not even close. You know,
incidentally, we actually have two kids.
We're not ready for them, but we have
them. [laughter]
We love them. We just don't know what
we're doing, you know?
It's very scary.
We got two little We got a 2-year-old
little boy and then we got a
four-year-old little uh you know, one of
the little girl ones here. You seen
these things? [laughter]
They're so cute. They are so cute. I
mean, they're not all cute, obviously.
Some of them are like, "Oh,
I've seen some duds." THAT'S ALL I'M
SAYING.
YOU EVER HAVE someone show you a picture
of their kid on their phone and then
you're like
this? Are you kidding? [laughter]
No,
you're not kidding. Okay. Oh, yeah.
Yeah. She's very pretty. Oh, that's your
son. Okay. All right. Very handsome
young man. [laughter]
That's not We We got to We got to go to
our our daughter's She's very pleasing
to the eye. Uh No, she's beautiful. In
fact, she looks exactly like my wife.
like like like exactly nothing to me.
It's all my wife. In fact, my wife likes
to joke around and say that I'm not the
father and we laugh.
That is comedy.
I love [cheering] it. Yes. [applause]
And it never gets old. Yeah. That's the
beauty of it.
When when my wife was pregnant with my
daughter, she was so scared. She was
terrified of the uh the delivery, you
know, the birth. And she handled it like
a champ. And I knew she would. I wasn't
surprised. I knew she'd she'd do it
great cuz it's true what they say about
women, right? Women Women have an
extremely high tolerance for pain. It's
insane. Which I think is kind of weird
considering they have such a low
tolerance for mild inconvenience.
The guy just stood up. He's sleeping on
the couch for a few. [laughter]
It's It's weird though. It's true. You
know, my wife, she can push a 9 lb baby
through the inside of her body. But
heaven forbid Hulu Plus has commercials.
That's too much for her to handle.
I don't get that.
We had a We had a hard time naming our
kids cuz uh we couldn't agree on
anything. And she'd say a name and I'd
be like, "Nah, that's stupid." Then I'd
say a name and she'd be like, "Nah,
you're stupid."
So, what we ended up doing is we ended
up just taking turns. Okay. So, she got
to name my daughter, and she named her
Edie after uh I don't know, her mom or
dad or something.
So, so my daughter's name is Edy
which [laughter]
it's hard to believe we never said the
whole thing out loud before mailing in
the paperwork. [laughter]
That's exactly what happened.
Basically, she's going to hate us as
soon as she meets another person.
So, I got to name my son. And I've
always been a big fan of Michael Jordan.
Huge fan. Watched all his games growing
up, right? Had the Air Jordan sneakers.
In fact, these are the uh retro 11 bread
low Air Jordans. Thank you very much.
Pretty cool. Anyway, uh so my son's name
is Basketball Shoe.
And uh I love him. I do feel bad for him
cuz he's the second kid, you know, and
second kids, they always get the short
end of the stick. Oh, they it's it's
terrible. We don't do it on purpose, but
especially like with pictures. We have
so many pictures of Edie doing
everything. She's our firstborn.
Everything she does is exciting and new
to us. You know, everything Shu does is
seen it. You know, we start calling him
Shu because there's another basketball
at his daycare.
[laughter] But, uh,
I just get scared that, you know, one
day he's going to come up to me and be
like, "Do you guys have any pictures of
me at all?" And I got to be like, "Yes,
we do. We got a picture of you with your
mom right after you were born." And then
I think there's a high school graduation
picture
somewhere around here. I think it's
under one of those ED albums.
I I do like I do like the set.
They reached out to me before and they
were like, "What what do you want your
set to to look like?" I just said, "You
know what? Just just keep it simple.
Just keep it simple as long as it looks
like the cover of a Christopher Cross
album.
I think I think we're going to be all
right.
I just don't want my kids to be dumb
people." Okay. Is that too much to ask?
I don't think it's going to happen. That
sounds bad. I don't think it's going to
happen. But you know what? There's a lot
of dumb people out there. Someone's
making them.
Nobody Nobody's making dumb people on
purpose, right? I think at some point
you just kind of look at your kid and
you're just like, "A crap."
Yeah, we got a dumb one. [laughter]
So, you know what I'm talking about.
I took an Uber to the airport and we're
getting close to the airport. My Uber
driver looks up at the signs. He turns
back at me. He goes, "Uh, are you
arriving or departing?
Somebody made that guy.
Am I arriving or [laughter]
uh I'm arriving? Yeah, I just got to
stop at baggage claim, pick up my bags.
I'll be right out. Thanks.
Thanks for picking me up.
I took one of those special flights
where they fly to your house and then
you take an Uber to go get your bag at
the airport. [laughter]
Thank you for asking.
Not a lot of drivers do. Five stars.
My wife and I were doing our best. It's
hard with kids to get wife time. You
know, our idea of going out and having a
night out is basically waiting till the
kids fall asleep and watching Netflix.
[laughter] Here's how it works at our
house. One of us picks out the movie and
the other one hates their life for 90
minutes
and then we switch [applause] the next
week.
So, my wife picked out this movie one
week. It's called uh It's her turn to
pick the movie. She picked this movie.
It's called The Notes on a Scandal. It's
about a high school teacher that has an
affair with one of her students.
My wife is a high school teacher.
So, right away, I hate this movie.
Halfway through the movie, she turns to
me, big smile on her face, and she goes,
"Babe," totally hypothetically.
What would you do
if I told you I had an affair with a
student?
What kind of a game is this? Is that a
fun game? I said, "I don't know, babe.
Why don't you try not to?" [laughter]
And then she got mad at me
for how I She's like, "Are you kidding
me? You think that's something I could
do? You think I'm capable of you think I
would actually I'm just like, how am I
in trouble here?
[laughter] What could I do?"
So the next week we're watching my
movie. I got to pick out the movie,
right? So halfway through my movie, I
look at my wife and I go, "Oh, hey babe.
Totally hypothetically,
what would you do if I told you
I was a stormtrooper?
Doesn't feel so good, does it?
She called me a I went to bed.
It's very frustrating.
We're just very different. My wife and I
were very different. We come from
different backgrounds. Like, I came from
a normal family, you know?
She she just came from like a hippie-
dippy family, you know? Her dad's an
actual hippie, her mom's a holistic
nurse. And I just if first of all, if
you don't know what holistic medicine
is, it's basically like remember when
you were little and you play house, you
know, you you pretend you had to go to
the doctor, but you're a kid, so you
don't have medical equipment, so you
just kind of use sticks and rocks and
stuff. [laughter]
That's holistic medicine. Here's
here's a better example. When I was
single, before I met my wife, I used to
use Irish Spring, okay? It's good soap.
I like it. That was my soap. And then I
met my wife. We got married. We move in
together. She sees my soap in the shower
one day and she freaks out. She's like,
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What? What is
this? Come here. What is this?
You kidding [clears throat] me? That
That has aluminum in it. That's
terrible. [laughter]
That has aluminum in it. I'm like I'm
like
uh I I didn't see any.
She's like, "You cannot use that. You
can't use that. Here, you got to use
this weird misshapen oatmeal rock I
bought from a homeless person at the
farmers market.
This is what your body needs.
It's the good stuff. All right.
Whatever. Hey, I'm a married guy. I
don't want to make waves. I know how it
goes, right? So, I'm using her soap.
Okay. [laughter] Uh, first of all, it
hurts cuz there's pebbles in it.
I don't know who's running quality
control at the Hippie Dippy soap
factory, but I think they're asleep at
the wheels. There's a lot of junk going
down that line. No one's picking out.
I love my wife Sarah to death. I have no
idea honestly why such a quality woman
would stay with me for 10 minutes. I
will keep her as long as she is
misguided enough to stay.
But I came home one day and she ambushed
me with a question and I did not have
time to uh what's the word for that?
Think. [laughter]
And she said, "Will you still love me
when I'm fat and sassy?" And I said,
"You're not thinking of turning sassy on
me, are you?
I agree. Bad answer. Bad answer.
But I hope you listen to yourself on
that one. I hope you listen to your
response on that one. You can learn a
lot about men and women by how you react
to that joke. Let's be honest, that was
a man's joke. That was a man's joke. But
as I looked around the room, there was
only two men dumb enough to actually
laugh out loud at that joke. Even the
men were going, "Oh, that was suicide.
Man, that was absolute suicide. What is
the matter with you [laughter]
and all the booing and the disapproval
was coming from the women. And I just
want to say from my heart, I love you
for that. Feel good about yourselves for
that. It makes you better than most men.
You cared about my wife and you've never
even met her, but it didn't matter to
you. You sensed that a sister had been
wounded.
And you circled the wagons and you said,
"Kill him. Kill him. Take him out behind
the shed and kill him. [laughter]
Feel good about yourselves for that. It
makes you It elevates you. It makes you
better than most men. You cared about
another woman you had never met. Does a
man care about another man he's never
met? Not usually. [laughter]
You ought to see the horrible things we
do to our best friends.
Men do horrible things to our best
friends, drawing things on them and
magic markers and stuff and [snorts]
sticking fruit in their face and just
doing all kinds of awful things to their
friends in the name of love. I love you,
fella. We do horrible things to each
other that women would never do to their
friends. You cared about Sarah. Don't
worry about her. She's a very strong
woman. Very strong. She can take care of
herself. She always tells everybody that
way back the moment when she first
agreed to marry me, she suddenly looked
down and realized that her hands were
all skinned up cuz that's what happens
when you scrape the bottom of the
barrel. [laughter]
She can take care of herself. This the
most resourceful woman I've ever met.
This woman took a beautiful huge his and
her walk-in closet and converted it to a
her.
This closet is bigger than my first
apartment with space left over for a
chest freezer and a grand piano. And
nothing in there is mine. Nothing at
[laughter] all in that thing is mine.
She takes care of herself just fine.
She is She's special. I All the studies
say I've learned so much from being
married to this woman. All the studies
say that men and women are equally
intelligent. I believe that. But I do
believe that you women must have figured
out a way to use more of your brains
because I know that my wife's life is
more complicated than mine. I know she
has to make more decisions just getting
dressed in the morning than I have to
face all day. Women's lives are that
complicated. I found this out the first
time I went shopping with my new wife
for women's shoes. It was a frightening
day. I hope I never have to do it again.
But I learned a lot. I learned, for
example, that women don't just have
shoes. Men just have shoes. That's what
they're called. They're all called
shoes. If it goes at the end of my leg
on my foot, that's a shoe. Raise the
heel, lower the heel, change the heel,
doesn't matter. Still a shoe. Still a
shoe. Always a shoe. Women don't have a
single pair of anything called shoes.
They have subcategories for even the
slightest change in footwear. Women have
pumps and clogs and flats and slings and
heels and open totem meals and spikes
and flip-flops and strappy sandals and
scrunchy boots and stilettos and wedges
and te- straps and whatever the heck an
espadril is. [laughter]
Men don't know what any of these are.
This is a code women use to keep us out
of the conversation.
A man doesn't know a pump from a flat.
All a man knows is when you got a flat,
you need a pump.
AND THE COLORS WOMEN KNOW. HOW DO YOU
learn them all? But you do. You know
every color ever invented. How about
every woman in here knows what color
periwinkle is? Yes. Look at them.
They're going, "Duh." [laughter]
There aren't three men in the state know
what color periwinkle is. Cuz we're men
and all we know are the eight colors
from the big fat crayon box from first
grade. That's all we know. We've lost
six of those. We're down to black and
brown. We understand. But you women
know. Periwinkle. Yell it out. What
color family is it in? blue, purple, and
it's hard to say cuz it's in between.
And men are looking at you like, "How
did she know that? How did they know
that? How do they periwinkle? How did
she know that?" They covered a lot of
stuff at that meeting. [laughter]
My wife's shoe catalog colors I had
never heard of before. Aspen, mauve,
ecru, sabb, eggshell, crimson, indigo,
khaki, beige, honeysuckle, ivory,
lavender, sandstone, heather, MIST,
TEAL, SATIN, FLAX, CORAL, CREAM, NUGGET,
PEARL, SADDLE, DAISY, BLACK, EBONY,
CHARCOAL, RAVEN, MIDNIGHT, PARSLEY,
PIMMEN, PINEAPPLE, PERRY, WINKLE,
PAPAYA, PEACH, PURPLE, PINK, POPPY,
PIXIE, POWDER, PEWTOR, pea pod, pansy,
pumpkin pu, pomegranate, peppermint,
pancake, pumpern nickel, champagne, and
toast.
On the other hand, men's shoes, black
and brown. [laughter]
Sadly for men, one choice too many.
Cuz we got to turn to the wife and go,
"Honey, which one should I wear here?
Which one should I wear tonight? Help me
out. Come on. This will bust my brain."
I I've done comedy for a long time. But
I have been with my wife now for over 30
years. This uh like last month. 30.
Yeah. You should clap. [cheering]
I have the all-time record for comedians
with their wives.
That just is unheard of. And a lot of
times, you know, people think, "Oh,
well, I bet a lot of women find you
attractive because women like comedy."
Yeah, they say that, but they're always
rock and roll stars are the ones they're
attracted to cuz rock and roll singers
are going to make like beautiful love
songs for their ladies, you know, like
Your Body is a Wonderland.
I'm not going to write that. I'm a
comedian. I would write your body's like
wonderbread. You know, [laughter] it's
not as romantic.
I don't know. So, yeah. So, this is it.
You know, this is what I do. And and I
mean it's really hard when I, you know,
do comedy and I talk about my wife
because I'm I'm just going to tell you
right now, it's nearly impossible to
write like a very nice joke about your
spouse if you're female or male. Now,
here's a problem that's happened to me.
I don't know if it's a problem, but you
know, I get into my 40s and uh I all of
a sudden had to get reading glasses. And
often if you don't need reading glasses
when you're in your 40s, you have to get
them. And I think that was God's way of
keeping people in their relationships
cuz now we've got like lasic surgery.
I'm not letting my wife get lasic
surgery. I'm not letting her come home
with 2020 vision, look at me, and go,
"What happened here?"
[laughter] I don't need that.
Probably at this point you're like, "Why
is this guy not more famous?" I asked
the same thing a lot.
Okay, here's a hypothesis. Okay, so uh I
have done comedy for uh coming up on 27
years. I performed at pretty much every
major comedy club in the country, 46
states, five countries.
I've even written for television, but I
never moved from fly over country like
they call it. I didn't want to move.
It's not me. But you got to move to Los
Angeles or New York if you want to
become famous. My opening act moved to
New York and he hit it big and he was
like, "Scott, you need to move to New
York." I'm like, "Ah, it's not my scene,
man." He's like, "New York City is the
city that never sleeps." I'm like, "I
just turned 50. I love sleep."
We got our own cities and never sleep
where I live, too. I mean, it's because
of meth, but it happens. Sometimes those
are ugly truths. So, my friend from Los
Angeles overhears this. He's like, "Bro,
you need to move to LA, bro."
I'm like, "I don't even like the traffic
on I 80.
72 degrees forever, Dad, Brah." Now, do
you ever have a friend who moves
somewhere warm and NOW THEY FEEL IT'S
THEIR DUTY TO share that with you?
Yeah, I told him. I'm like, "Listen,
Bra, I don't know if you're aware, but
uh every time CNN ever has a canyon fire
or mudslide or an earthquake, I'm always
dreaming at your house." [laughter]
That's a passive aggressive Midwest
rage. That's all I got for me.
I know.
So, I had my big moment. I'm in Los
Angeles. Well, I get the meeting and it
was with the manager. This is about 15
years ago. He liked a script that I had
written and uh it's like the biggest
manager. He was like managing all the
big comedians of the time. So I have a
month to prepare. So just like this one,
but I mean I worked so hard. I lost
weight. I got ripped. I'm like best
shape of my life. I'm having this
meeting. Halfway through the meeting, he
says to me, he's like, "You know what I
like about you, Scott?" I'm like, "All
right.
Unlike some of these other guys that are
in such good shape, you look like a
normal guy.
At that moment, I realize I am morbidly
obese in Los Angeles,
but where I live, I'm Midwest anorexic.
Way less pressure. [laughter]
Now, people will say sometimes, they're
like, "Well, you know, Scott, you talk a
lot about food. You talk about family.
Why are you not as popular as Jim
Gaffigan? And I'm like, I'm not as good
as Jim Gaffigan, but I figure I'm half
as good as Jim Gaffigan, but I don't
have half the success of him. And then I
read one day, and you can look it up.
This is true. He even said his wife
writes half of his material.
It is my wife's fault that I am not more
successful.
If this woman would quit spending so
much time being a good person and put
more effort into my career. [laughter]
Oh, I know. Oh, I don't want to come off
like I'm bitter. I'm not. I have a job I
love. I make good money doing it. I
travel to exotic locations. One negative
though, no health insurance with this
job. I'm private contractor. But my wife
had a good job with great health
insurance till a couple years ago. She
comes home, she's like, "Remember how I
told you I don't like my boss?" I'm
like, "Yeah."
Well, I quit my job today. I'm like, oh
my lord,
what are we going to do for health
insurance? She's like, glad to bring it
up. I think you should quit. I'm like,
sh stop right there. I will do what is
right for this family. So, I left the
room. I showered. I shaved. I put on a
nice suit. And I went out to look for a
new wife. And you cannot sub. [laughter]
She likes that joke. It's okay.
Yeah.
So, my wife and I met when we were in
college and um from that point on, you
know, we were both involved in our
careers. So, we didn't try to have kids
until we were in our like 30s, our early
30s. And we had problems. We had
miscarriages. It was very tough on our
relationship. We both wanted to be
parents. And so finally we were so
desperate um that we had one last choice
because we couldn't afford to adopt. It
wasn't working. So we tried in vitro
fertilization. And if you're not aware,
my job's pretty easy in the process. So
I felt confident and from this amazing
science came the love of my life, my
beautiful daughter Maddie. And she was
so sweet. We were just like over the
moon because we had tried for five years
to have this girl. Well, as the months
go by, um, she's not reaching her
milestones, but this is our first child.
We're not really following. But by 15
months, she's not walking, talking, or
even crawling. So, we're like, we're
nervous. So, we have test after test.
And some point, year two, she was
diagnosed with autism. Now, I'm not
going to pretend that that wasn't a
punch in the gut because I had all these
dreams and fantasies of what my daughter
was going to achieve. And then I'm being
told, "Well, Scott, there's a very good
chance that she will not marry, hold a
full-time job. She will probably live
with you the rest of her life." And I
wish I could tell you I handled it well.
I didn't. I was very selfish. I just
wanted one child. My wife was like
automatically right on it. I mope around
for like a month. Fortunately, I had
what you might call an epiphany. I'm
like, "You know what, Scott? These are
not her dreams and fantasies. These are
mine that you're placing on her. If you
want to step up and be a real man, you
need to help her live her dreams and
fantasies. So the guy that only wanted
one child told his wife, "Well, you know
what, babe? We need to have another
child in case something happens to
Maddie. Or better yet, something happens
to us so we can take care, they can take
care of Maddie." So I went back to the
clinic and this time the clinic a week
later goes, "Hey, surprise. You're going
to have twins.
That's not funny. Thank you for not
laughing at my special. I was I was 40
years old with twins. That is way too
old. Thank goodness my wife was 19 at
the time. And that's not
that's a joke. She was 39 with twins.
And uh and I'll tell you, I have always
treated my wife like a trophy wife. I
have ninth place. I need to work on
that.
[laughter] Kind of lost a gender on that
joke, didn't I? I deserve it. I know.
problems. This is a fantastic date
night, man. IT'S GREAT. YEAH. YEAH.
ABSOLUTELY.
It beats a date night my wife wanted to
go out on recently for our anniversary.
My wife wanted to go out and see a
revival of the musical Cats.
That's what she wanted to do for fun.
I was like, I'll go bring a laser
pointer just to watch them all freak out
on stage.
I'm married. I just celebrated my
seventh wedding anniversary, which is
very exciting. [cheering] So, yeah. Oh,
thank you. [applause]
You guys are so nice. You're like, "Nice
work, little guy." All right. Somebody's
looking at me confused like, "Who
married Flounder from Animal House?"
Like, how did that happen?
Who Who married Little Corey Matthews
from Boy Meets World? How did that
happen? Where's [cheering]
Where's Mr. Feny? We miss Mr. Feny. I
was very nervous about proposing. I was
talking to my older brother for advice.
He told me YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO SPEND TWO
MONTHS PAY on the engagement ring. Have
you heard that before? Two months pay.
I'm a comedian. You know, if I did that,
the ring would cost $40. You know what I
mean? Like
be walking around one of those ring pop
suckers.
We have married people. Where you at?
Round of applause. Married folks.
Look at the enthusiasm coming out of
some of you. like, "Yeah, great.
[laughter] This is the longest game of
chicken ever. One of us has to get off."
You guys are married there in the second
row right there. Yeah. How many years?
40.
40 years. Oh [screaming] my gosh. That's
40 years.
I'm 34. So, this is kind of what your
marriage looks like right here. It
[laughter] is a little
a little overweight, trying its best.
And uh
my wife and I, we don't fight that much.
How about you guys? 40 years in, you
fight? Look at them. They're like, we're
fighting right now. Actually, we
[laughter] we wanted to go to
Applebee's.
My wife and I, we've only been in two
fights. First fight we ever had was
during our engagement process. You get
to register for gifts. I didn't know
that. I'm like, let's get married again.
Let's get free stuff. That's great. My
wife wanted to register at a place
called Bed Bath and Beyond. Have you
ever heard of that place? I'm a guy
though. I'm like, "Let's register at the
Bass Pro Shop." You know what I mean?
Like Cabelas. Let's go there. And uh we
compromised and we went to Bed Bath and
Beyond. [laughter]
She's pretty much in charge.
Second fight we had was a couple days
ago. We played this GAME CALLED
CELEBRITY CRUSH where you share each
other's celebrity crushes. And if your
relationship is going fine, don't play
that game.
It's a lot of attention. My wife told me
her celebrity crush Harrison Ford.
That's what she told me. Yeah. I was
like, he's old. [laughter]
But I got really jealous because I'm
like, I can't compete with that, right?
My wife wants Han Solo. She ended up
with an Ewok. It's like
look like something you make a Build-a-
Bear. I know. It's a little weird.
But after 40 years, you guys got to know
everything about each other, I would
imagine. See, I'm seven years. I'm still
learning little things about my wife
that I didn't know beforehand. Like, I
just learned this about my wife
recently. I didn't know this was a thing
with people. My wife can't wink. I
didn't know that was a thing, right?
Normal people wink. It's kind of cute,
isn't it? It's like, "Hey, what's going
on? What's up?" My wife has got
something weird with her eyelids. So,
when she goes to wink, she does this
weird like [laughter]
blinky eye thing with her face. The
first time she did it, it was so
awkward. We're driving in the car and
she's like, "So, listen. I was thinking
this weekend you and I should go up
north and you know,
what? Go to an eye doctor? What's
happening your face right now? How do
you have allergies?
What does that move?
My wife, too, she has a cat. She's had
this cat since elementary school. No
joke. Cat's 190 years old. You know,
people like that, they love their pets.
Like, no matter how disgusting of a
creature it might be, right? This cat
has died four different times.
He's missing chunks of fur. Part of his
ear is gone. He's wet for some reason.
Like
like why is he wet? That's gross. Smells
like my gym bag. What is that?
She's patting. I'm like, he's so cute.
You should pet him. I'm like, you should
wash your hands. That's not right.
Something's wrong with his little vocal
cords. Like he can't even meow like a
normal cat, too. Like, you know, cats
are cute and they're like, "Meow." Our
cats like
Sounds like a billy goat just limping
around the house.
She's holding him like he's adorable.
Almost as cute as someone else I know.
Like Terry, this is weird. [laughter]
There's a lot of pressure in
relationships, too. You know, my wife
and I, we were dating for about 2 years
before we got married. Everybody's like,
"When are you guys going to get married?
When you get married?" Right? Then we
got married. Everybody's like, "When are
you guys going to have kids?" And I was
like, "When are you going to shut up?
Trying to play Xbox right now. Give me
some space, man. I'm on career mode."
You know, I got to
build up the prospects, man. It's a
process, you know.
My wife and I, we actually have two kids
at home. We have a four-year-old and we
have a 2-year-old. So, uh, yeah. Oh,
I'm just excited to be here with you
guys. It's, uh, [laughter]
it's exhausting.
I know this is horrible to admit, but
sometimes I lie to my wife about having
standup shows and I get a hotel and
sleep for a couple hours. You [laughter]
like, I'm going to Provo. I'm out of
here. [clears throat] She's like, that's
not a real place. I'm like, yeah, it is.
Use Google Maps, baby. It's awesome.
My wife tried to be romantic with me.
Listen to Dr. Phil. Had a show on how to
excite your man. Said when he goes on a
trip, let him know when he returns
you'll rock his world.
Let him know that none no uncertain
terms.
This is just not my wife. She only gets
like that when she's angry.
So, I get in my car at 4 in the morning,
go to the airport, there's a post-it
note that says in her handwriting, "When
you get home, when I'm done with you,
you'll have nothing left."
I said, "Oh my, she's called an
attorney. This is serious here. This is
I thought things were going good.
Being romantic's tricky. It's like I
like cuddling after being romantic.
That's the best. But when it's time to
go to sleep, I don't want to be touching
anybody. I'm not the only person in this
room that doesn't want to touch the
other person while I sleep. Where you
at? Where's my anti- spooners at? Yes.
Don't tell me it has anything to do has
nothing to do with love. I love this. I
love you with all my heart and soul.
Just stay on your side of the bed.
That's all I ask. Come over and visit
every now and then. and then go back.
Here's a problem I have. You might have
it, too. I don't like to sleep touching
anybody, but my wife is a habitual
snuggler, cuddler. I'll wake up in the
middle of the night. She has snuck over
to my side of the bed. Her head's been
on my arm for 5 hours cutting the
circulation off. I'm numb.
I hear somebody in the house. Go see who
it is. Oh, yeah. Eigor's going to go get
you.
I said, "I love you with all my heart
and soul, but if I had my way, I'd build
a fence right down the middle of this
bed." I put barb wire on it. That's She
goes, "Oh, really?" Yeah. I'm going to
build a wall here, and then I'm going to
make you pay for it there.
About eight or nine years ago, my wife
and I picked up my oldest boy at the uh
Fort Campbell. Uh he did six years. He
served six years with the 101st
Airborne. And uh thank [cheering] you.
So we pick him up and we're driving
back. We live in Nashville. It's about
an hour and a half drive. So we're
driving back and I asked my uh son, "Now
that you're out of the military, you've
had six years to think about it. What
are your plans?"
And he said, "Well, I was kind of hoping
I can move back home while I reaclimate
to civilian life." I said, "So you
haven't thought about it, have you?" He
said, "No." I said, "All right. Well,
you've earned it. Take all the time you
need.
19 months into the acclimating process,
my wife grabs me in the hall one
afternoon, "How long does it take to
acclimate?" I said, "I don't know. I
never had to. Go downstairs and talk to
that boy." So, I went downstairs. I uh
politely asked my 26-year-old son,
"Pause your video game. I need your full
attention on this one."
[laughter] Mom and I were a little
curious. Did the army teach you a skill,
something they can use to get employment
and move out? I want you to understand
something, young man. Your mother and I
want grandchildren. We've earned
grandchildren. And we worship a God of
miracles. We believe out of three
billion women on this planet, God has
chosen one of those women for you to
breathe with. [laughter]
We just don't think she's going to fall
through our vent and land in your lap
down here in the basement. [laughter]
So, did you learn anything? He thought
about it. He said, "You know, I could
kill you six ways with a popsicle stick.
All right, you enjoy that video game, my
man. And
let mom and I know when you're done
doing that acclimating thing.
So, I run upstairs and Tammy says to me,
"How what'd he say?" He said, "Get rid
of the fudge sickles cuz he's going on a
diet." That's what he said. [laughter]
Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if the
army fed him for 6 years. He was
literally eating us out of house. My
wife and I started hiding food in our
bedroom to keep it from our son.
[laughter] I'm not lying. That's
pathetic. It really is. We had a stash
of brownies and muffins in the
nightstand next to our bedroom.
So late at night, we'd get all excited,
run down the hall, hold hands, lock the
bedroom door. [laughter]
I'm sure he thought we were doing
something else, but we [laughter]
were just under the covers eating
brownies and laughing at him. Yeah.
Really, you hit 50, your life gets
pathetic. It really does.
The brownies are here.
We'd run down the hall, LOCK THE DOOR.
HURRY. HE'S GOING TO SMELL THESE AND
WANT ONE. I KNOW IT. THEY'RE OURS.
They're not his.
And the truth be known, that's all we do
on our bed anymore anyway is eat. We uh
really we bought a select comfort bed. I
don't know if you're familiar with it,
but each side of the bed has its own
number. The higher the number, the
harder the mattress. My side of the bed,
100 marble slab. That's it.
Tammy's number is two.
First night she laid on her side of the
bed, she literally disappeared from my
view. [laughter]
Mattress wrapped around her like a
flower tortilla. [laughter]
Poor thing was sleeping in a fajita on
her side of the bed. So I roll over to
kiss her good night. I fall into a
ditch. I can't get out. I'm like laying
there. She's going, "Get off of me. What
are you doing over here? Get off of me."
By the way, if you're a newlywed, that's
the sound of 32 years of love right
there.
Yeah.
Yes. You're on my hair. You haven't
shaved. Your breast smells. Stop
touching me.
Don't get me wrong, we still try to get
romantic. We just save it for special
holidays. Now,
turns out Tammy's favorite is leap year.
Yeah,
I didn't even know that was a holiday. I
really didn't. I'll dim the lights and
put on some shade. And Tammy says, "Wow,
has it been four years already?"
All right, I'll get the good flannel and
the hunting socks on tonight.
Nah, we're married. We try. We just We
just know how much time and energy it
actually takes and we prefer to watch
Law and Order. That's just
just the way it's worked out. My wife
falls asleep at 9:15 every night. You
could set a watch by her body at 9:10.
You look at her on the couch in our
living room. It's like a gas leak goes
off.
Sweetheart, maybe you should go to bed.
I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. [laughter]
What are you, a 5-year-old? Quit
fighting it. Just go to bed.
Will you be quiet? This is my favorite
show.
Poor woman's seen the beginning of every
Law and Order for five seasons.
And now they come out in rerun and she's
yelling at me. I've seen this one. WE'LL
GIVE IT 20 MINUTES.
I love that woman.
People ask too, they ask me, "Is your
wife aware of the way you talk about
her?" No. So, don't be Facebooking her.
This is her idea of funny. God bless me
with an amazing woman. She's got a dark,
twisted sense of humor. I mean it. She's
dark. This is her idea of funny. I'm in
my chair at home. Every man, you have a
chair, don't you, sir? Darn right. You
have a chair cuz you're a man.
That's your throne. If you ever went
missing, they give a cushion in that
chair to a blood hound, wouldn't they?
FIND THAT SMELL
and then they'd revive the dog and send
him on his way.
So, I'm in my chair one afternoon,
minding my own business. Now, my wife
comes up behind me. She starts rubbing
me like that. She's got her arms around
me like that. She's nibbling on my ear.
And of course, I'm thinking, is it
February 29th?
It was a nice moment between a man and
wife. We were married 20 plus years at
that point. And it was a nice moment in
like few minutes, just really nice and
tender. And then at one point, she
kisses the top of my head and she hugs
me. She said, "I love you, Jeffrey." I
said, "I love you too, baby." And she
walks away. And I'm basking in the
warmth of this. I mean 10 15. At times I
would yell. She was in the kitchen.
Baby, that was nice. Thank you.
And at one point my son comes walking
through. Hey, Dad. Who drew that big
smiley face on your bald spot?
YEAH. WHAT I THOUGHT WAS fingernails was
a Sharpie. She was back there scratching
artwork on my dome.
So, don't you feel sorry for her. She's
sick and she's twisted.
We've been married 32 years. And uh I
got my father gave me one really wise
piece of advice before I got married and
it's held true for 32 years. On my
wedding day, my father said to me,
"Before you argue with your new wife,
and you're going to argue with her,
before you do, take some time, step
back, ask yourself two questions. Do you
want to be right or do you want to be
happy?"
Right? And then he broke down and sobbed
right in front of me.
I had no idea what that man was talking
about. 32 years later, I can tell you
this. I'm a happy, happy, happy man.
I ain't been right in 12 years now.
Sometimes I even have to ask her, "Am I
happy?" Oh, you better believe you're
happy.
I was just checking with you, buttercup.
I got to call my friends up. I can't go
golfing, but I'm a happy, happy, happy
man.
And don't get me wrong, we argue. You've
got to argue in your marriage. You don't
argue in your marriage. It'll build up
in your brain over time and fries your
brain. Yeah. And then you wind up like
those babbling mumbling couples you've
seen in Arizona, Florida. These
[laughter] 50 plus years of marriage,
they're kind of walking down the street.
The wife is fine. It's the poor husband
8t behind her that scares me to death.
This poor man's all hunched over. He's
vibrating, mumbling. Oh, he's telling me
what to do with him.
start telling you what to do. I'm a man.
You can't tell. I'm a man. I'm a man.
This poor guy, he's starting to try to
win back all the arguments he's been
throwing away for 50 years. [laughter]
You know, he was 6'3 when he got
married. Now he's 4'1. Look at the poor
man. Weighed down by half a century of
apathy. Leave a toilet seat up if I want
to leave a toilet seat up. Tell me what
to do. I hope you sit in the water every
night. I don't care.
And that's when she turns around. What'd
you JUST SAY TO ME? I DIDN'T SAY NOTHING
TO YOU.
SCARY.
My wife and I have been married for 7
years now, and it's wonderful. I
absolutely love it. It's It's amazing.
It's It's amazing. It It change.
Everything changes once you get married.
Once you spend all of that time with
somebody, you don't understand. You
cannot comprehend the range of emotions
you can feel for a person until you're
married. Until you spend every day with
that person.
You know, like sometimes I'll come home
late at night after doing shows and I'll
I'll see my wife sleeping in our bed and
I'll think to myself, "My god,
I'm the luckiest man in the world."
Yeah. I can't believe that this woman
would spend a moment with me, let alone
her entire life.
Can't believe how blessed I am.
And sometimes
[laughter] I'll come home late at night
after doing shows and I'll see that same
woman
in that same bed and I'll THINK TO
MYSELF, I COULD PUT THIS PILLOW.
And that's what love is, ladies and
gentlemen.
Love is putting down that pillow.
Trying to keep the spark alive. You got
to keep the spark alive. I read recently
the best way to keep the spark alive in
a relationship is you got to keep the
mystery. You got to keep mystery in the
relationship to keep the spark alive.
After reading that, I started hiding my
wife's stuff.
She's like, "Where are my keys?" And I'm
like, "Romance is in the air."
My wife and I did take our relationship
to the next level recently. We got a
Costco membership.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Marriages till death,
but 300 toothbrushes. That's forever. I
I had never been to a Costco. It's an
amazing place. If you haven't been, it
is a club. There's It's a very exclusive
club. There's a membership process you
have to go through. You have to stand in
a line and you have to give them $60.
That's the whole process. And uh and
then you get in there and it's a magical
wonderland. It's like a dark mirror that
shows you all of your bad habits but
magnified a thousand times. I went in
there and I saw a brick of cheese the
size of a car battery and I was like,
"Yeah."
The expiration date said 3 weeks and I
WAS LIKE, "IT'S GO TIME. LET'S DO THIS."
YEAH. I haven't poked in a month and a
half, but I finished it. [laughter]
Yeah.
The money you save on toilet paper
alone, it is an amazing story.
[laughter] It's wonderful. It's wild.
They give you samples, which I find
hilarious. Did you like that little bite
of hot dog? Would you like 486 of them?
[laughter] You can have that.
Yeah. They have an optometrist there so
you can get your eyes checked. I don't
need my eyes checked. I need a
cardiologist. Did you see my cart? I
bought 43 pounds of bacon.
I don't need contacts, but I'm going to
need a couple stints by the uh end of
this week.
I went the first time I was there, I
walked in there and I saw clothes and I
thought that was so funny. I thought
that was so ridiculous. I'm like, they
have clothes at Costco? That is rid who
is buying clothes at Costco. And then I
got my cart to the checkout and I looked
at all the food that I was going to put
into my body and I said, "Wait, I'm
going to need bigger pants. [laughter]
My wife and I also went to IKEA recently
cuz we hadn't been in a fight in a
while. And uh [laughter]
that will do it. You can't go to IKEA
and not get into a fight. It's amazing.
I think IKEA planned it that way. Just a
maze of confusion and frustration. All
designed to get couples to break up so
they have to furnish two households.
It's a genius company.
My wife and I have fought so much at
IKEA. At this point, my wife even
mentions IKEA. We get into a fight
immediately, not even about IKEA. The
other day, she goes, "We need to go to
IKEA, get a new bookshelf." She goes,
"We uh" She goes, "Should we get another
56-in one or should we get the 79 in
one?" She goes, "We got 82in ceilings.
Do you think the 79 in front will look
weird?" And I was like, "I hate your
mother. [laughter]
I don't even know how these fights
happen. [laughter]
My wife proposed to me. A lot of times
it's the other way around. You know,
it's always every it was it was a real
surprise when she proposed to me. You
know, when a man proposes to a woman,
it's never a surprise really because you
ladies hint pretty hard. You know, I'm
kind of cold on my ring finger. U
warm it up, you know.
No, but my wife, she did. She proposed
to me. It was very romantic. there. I
remember like it was yesterday she uh
came up to me one night and she was
like, "I'm pregnant." I was like, "Oh,
I never thought you'd ask." Oh,
feel like such a lady.
That's right. Uh I took my wife on our
to dinner and um you know, we we we
exchanged gifts. You know, we exchanged
gifts. I bought my wife a beautiful
necklace. You know what my wife bought
me? P90X.
How is that a gift?
Have y'all seen You know what I'm
talking about? Have you seen the
commercial like at 1:00 in the morning
and like, "Hey, GIVE ME 90 DAYS. I'LL
MAKE YOU LOOK LIKE ME."
NO, you won't. [laughter] Has Has anyone
here ever done P90X?
Yeah. You've done it. How How far did
you get, man?
A couple videos.
A couple videos, ma'am. I was on day
three for 180 days. Let's just put it
that way. Okay. I mean, again, it's
like, let me tell you something. After,
correct me if I'm wrong, but after the
first day of doing P90X, you feel a
soreness like you never felt before in
your life. Am I right? It's not This is
a different kind of like I was so sore
the next day.
[laughter] It hurt to breathe.
I woke up like ah.
My wife is YELLING AT ME. HURRY UP. THE
TRASH MAN'S COMING.
[laughter] I dropped my key to the front
gate and I was trying to pick it up. She
thought I was singing opera in the other
room.
THE TRASH AIN'T GOING OUT THIS WAY.
And in the in the video, I mean, I'm
serious. You have You are so sore. Like,
I was so sore. Even my fat was sore.
That's how bad it was. You know that
back fat right here when you're here
walking someone, hey, Cleto, you turn
around, it pinches you right here,
fools, this this ain't TV. I can see you
right now. Do you know what I'm talking
about? You know that? You know THAT BACK
FAT RIGHT THERE? LIKE, IT WAS EVEN
TALKING TO ME LIKE, "What's wrong with
you? I thought we were friends." You
know,
I was so sore. [laughter]
And and and in the video, I mean, in the
video, they got guys that look just like
the other guy. Like, yeah, these are my
trainers, Neil and Sean. [laughter]
That doesn't motivate me. Get guys like
Juan and Pepe, that are fed better than
me. Oh, I'll beat these guys with a
burger in my hand. Come on.
And another thing, you sweat something
fierce when you do P90X. I was sweating
out tacos I haven't had since third
grade. I kid you not. I was like,
"You smell like potato and egg in here."
And I was like, "Man," and I know why my
I and again, if you bought P90X last
year around February 19th for $5 on
Craigslist, you're welcome.
You're welcome.
Gone. [applause]
But I know my wife bought me that
because understand something. My wife
wants me to lose weight. I got a little
I mean right here. I know you can't tell
by this shirt.
[laughter] I I hold it back like that.
Ma'am, you ever see the Animal Planet?
You seen where the snake eats the rat?
Like that's how I look when it's just
like you see the rat going down. And
so here here I am. My wife bought me
this P90X because she wants me to lose a
little weight. And I get it. I
understand. See, we were watching uh
Superman the other day. We We had a date
night. We red box Superman cuz that's
what we call date night when it's not
payday. We red box it. And [laughter]
we were watching Superman and there's a
look that your wife will give you
that'll make you want to work out.
Now, I don't know if you've seen the
first Superman with a new guy. You know,
he's the guy's a pretty boy. You know,
he's got abs. Whatever. Who cares? All
right. [laughter] And he's there and
he's he's he's saving people from a fire
and he has no shirt on. Okay. Now, this
is my wife checking out Superman, saving
people from a fire and then looking
[clears throat] at me. [laughter]
Okay.
like trying to figure out what shape am
I, you know, and [laughter] it did not
help me any that I'm sitting on my
recliner with no shirt on
and a plate of nachos right on my
stomach.
[laughter] Man, this guy's fit. Look at
him. This guy MUST DO TWO A DAYS all
showing off like that. All abs. Look at
this guy.
What?
You want me to look like Superman? All
right. So, I put a big S with nacho
cheese on my chest. [laughter]
Superman. How about that right there?
And I had to join a fitness gym. I had
to go join a fitness gym cuz I'm one
nacho away from being a mariachi. Okay,
let's get that out of the way. Uh, and I
joined a fitness gym. And uh, round of
applause if you ever been to a fitness
gym. Applause.
I have never been to a fitness gym ever
in my life. And I didn't know they had
their own fitness lingo. My first time I
go in there, this guy like yells at me,
"Hey, little man, can you spot me?"
Brother, I'm broke. I have no money. I'm
on a free week plan. I'm on a visitor's
pass. You [laughter] know, and what's
the deal with those machines? You get
off them, it still feels like you're on
them.
I was on the stairmaster, I think it's
what it's called, the stairmaster for
like 45 minutes. I got off that THING.
I'M LIKE, "HEY, WHERE'S YOUR WATER?"
All day I look LIKE A THEY'RE
LIKE, "HEY, I WAS ON THE stair master
for 45 minutes." Okay, you need some
water, too. Okay.
You ever work out SO HARD HE STARTED
BREATHING?
SOME LADIES ALL SHAMU. YOU ALL RIGHT?
Like yeah lady stop throwing water on
me.
They say if we take steroids it cause a
lot of facial hair. Let me tell about my
trainer Bertha.
Oh this woman had so much hair in her
face I thought I had Chebaca training
me. I KID YOU NOT. ONE MORE.
I was like, "CHILL OUT, CHEWY. I'M DOING
IT."
I was afraid to give her water. I
thought gremlins were going to pop out.
You know what I'm saying? Like,
they told me, "Go take water aerobics."
My wife goes, "Go take water aerobics.
It's fun. Go [laughter] take water
aerobics. It's fun." I took water
aerobics. [laughter] I was the only man
in water aerobics.
They had some women there, some very
mature women. I think the youngest was
like 92.
I thought they were filming Cocoon 3 in
there. I didn't know what was going on.
I thought it was a scuba diving class
with all the oxygen tanks around the
pool.
I don't know.
The only reason I went started working
out is because my wife had me go get a a
physical and I went to go see the
doctor. The doctor goes, "Mr. Rodriguez,
I'm sorry to inform you, but you're
borderline diabetic." I said, "Doc, come
on. Don't tell a Mexican he's borderline
anything.
We'll cross that on purpose."
GIVE ME THE FRIED AND
some ice cream. Let's go.
Come on. I'm in bed the other night. My
wife's in the bathroom. She's got the
door shut. She's putting cream on,
taking cream off, whatever the hell she
does for that 45 minutes before she
comes [laughter] to bed. And honestly,
some nights I think she's just waiting
me out in there. [laughter]
I will file my nails all night. I'm in
no rush to get out there. That second
glass of red wine should be hitting him
right about now.
[laughter] The men are laughing, but
they don't even get the joke, do they,
ladies?
I still have guys come up to me after
the show and go, "I had no idea that was
going on." My wife would start vacuuming
at 11:30 at night. I could never figure
out why. [laughter]
Working in a comedy club in Aruba last
winter. The guy that runs the comedy
club called me and said, "Hey, we'll fly
your wife down if you'd like." I said,
"Oh, that'd be great. Let me see if we
can find someone to watch the kids." And
we're able to find a babysitter. We show
up at the airport and goes, "Hey, I just
looked at our tickets. Our seats aren't
together on the airplane." I said, "Oh,
let me see if I can handle this." I walk
up to the counter. I put the tickets
down. I said the girl behind the
counter, "I just want you to know you're
doing a great job." [laughter]
And I may seem angry when I walk away,
but believe me, I do not want you to
touch these tickets.
I'd like to stay in 3A. I'd like her to
stay in 22.
Just want to fly down and listen to
music, that's all. [laughter]
It is hard though. You haven't been in
first class and your wife has to go back
to coach like, "Pull the curtain. Pull
the curtain. [laughter]
You food shop for the family, sir. 20
years of marriage. Yeah.
Do you? I don't do it anymore. And you
know why? Dad never buys the right
thing. Everything dad buys is the wrong
thing. So I quit. I'm done. Last time I
went food shopping and bought paper
towels. Why? Cuz it was on the list. And
I drag in 36 rolls of paper towels. And
wife goes, "Are those the paper towels
you bought?" I said, "This blocking
dummy of paper towels I'm dragging in
the house. I would never purchase this
paper towels. I brought these home to
show you what other men would bring home
to their families." [laughter]
Wife goes, "You've lived in this house
20 years. You don't know what kind of
paper towels we use?" I said, "I'll do
you one better. I don't even know where
we keep the paper towels.
If they're not right by the sink, I use
my t-shirt.
I carried a bagel around yesterday
morning and wore the t-shirt all day.
You still have your spark in your
relationship after 27 years. You hope
so. Yeah. [laughter]
You got that look in your eye like
hopefully.
I got that a younger comedian thinking
of getting married. We're in a green
room. He's asking me all these
questions. He goes, "Be honest now. Do
you guys still have a spark in your
relationship?" I start laughing. I go,
"We have three kids and a dog running
around the house. We're pretty sure
someone's peed on the spark.
Well, not lighting much, believe me. You
know what? I really should take that
back. Every now and then, winter time,
my wife wore her flannel pajamas to bed.
Then I will see some sparks.
Do you see someone coming in the room
looking like an LL Bean catalog?
May not be your night, my friend.
My wife just went out and bought herself
new slippers. They actually cover her
ankles. Good call, honey. I see some
bare ankles come in the room. I'm
thinking it's go time.
You You've got everything covered up
nicely right there. I like the hooded
sweatshirt, too. No miscommunication
whatsoever.
You got a whole cocoon of no love going
there. [laughter]
Can I ask you one more question since
you've done pretty well? Your wife ever
sent you back in a party you've just
left to get her Tupperware container
today. Today. That happened today.
Where did you go this afternoon that you
were having a Tupperware container? She
just kicked you. She doesn't want you to
talk. Don't talk to him anymore. That's
done.
You left it in the car. Someone could
break in here.
Take the time. I don't know. The women's
connection with Tupperware is crazy.
We're at a party and we say goodbye to
everyone. There's hugs, kisses. We get
back to the car. Like, I need to run
back in, go grab our Tupperware
container like we left a child behind
enemy lines somewhere. I'm like, "We'll
come back tomorrow. I'll get it later."
We're not waiting for tomorrow. We need
to get it now.
Tell you guys, my wife and I have been
married for 24 years now. I think that's
a pretty good run. YEAH.
Just last week, Facebook congratulated
us on 9 years of friendship. [laughter]
I didn't know Facebook knew that much
about my marriage. [laughter]
No kids. Women have a maternal instinct.
My wife's best friend had a baby. My
wife went over to her friend's house,
held a two week old sleeping baby for 20
minutes. She comes home, she wants a
baby. I called her friend. I said, "Next
time, let her hold the flat screen TV
cuz I've been thinking about it
and I'm ready.
I'm constantly failing as a husband. My
wife will give me the simplest chore.
I'm going to mess it up. She sent me to
the store to get her deodorant. I
couldn't find her brand. How am I
supposed to find something that's
invisible, unscented, and secret?
There's no sharing in my marriage. We
don't share anything. I sleep on the
right side of the bed. My wife sleeps in
the middle.
Then she has the nerve to complain in
the morning. How come all the covers are
on your side of the bed? CUZ ALL THE
PEOPLE ARE ON MY SIDE OF THE BED.
Kind of interesting. My wife is 12 and a
half years older than me. Yeah. My wife
is what they call a cougar,
which means that when she caught me, I
was the slowest of my herd.
Women always want to talk to me about
the age difference. Some of them are mad
about it. I had a lady come up to me.
She goes, "I don't understand your
marriage. What could you two possibly
have to talk about? We have twice as
much to talk about. We're from two
different generations. [laughter]
We could teach each other stuff the
other one didn't learn growing up. My
wife taught me all about Watergate and
Nixon resigning. And I taught her how to
find the warp zones on Super Mario
Brothers.
We have a lot in common. Music. I'm a
big Beatles fan. She was alive when they
were together. [laughter]
I want my wife to have whatever she
wants. My wife won't tell me what she
wants. That'd be too easy. [laughter]
She wants me to guess. I'm not a good
guesser. So, she gives me clues. It's my
job to figure them out. My marriage is
like an episode of CSI
where they never catch the killer.
never's an exaggeration. Sometimes she
gives me a clue. I figured out it makes
me feel like a good husband. Few years
back, we're at the movie theater
watching a movie called Burlesque.
There's a scene in the middle of this
movie where everybody sings a song,
"Diamonds are a girl's best friend." My
wife whispers in my ear, "This is my
favorite song, and Christmas is coming
up." So, I bought her the soundtrack.
She was speechless. Ah,
