This is the hero of this story, which begins a few years ago in Coimbatore. This is the hero of this story, which begins a few years ago in Coimbatore. This is the hero of this story, which begins a few years ago in Coimbatore. Our father will be a hero to all children, just like their Our father will be a hero to all children, just like their Our father will be a hero to all children, just like their father.  But to me, father.  But to me, father.  But to me, my father is a superhero.  He is a college my father is a superhero.  He is a college my father is a superhero.  He is a college professor. professor. professor. Are you wondering why Bud doesn't come to school?  Just to Are you wondering why Bud doesn't come to school?  Just to Are you wondering why Bud doesn't come to school?  Just to see us.  Before I say [music], see us.  Before I say [music], see us.  Before I say [music], I I I introduce everyone else. introduce everyone else. introduce everyone else. This is our mother [music] This is our mother [music] This is our mother [music] Sweet, happy, innocent. Our Sweet, happy, innocent. Our Sweet, happy, innocent. Our mother is also a college professor.  Oh, my mother is also a college professor.  Oh, my mother is also a college professor.  Oh, my father and mother [music] are having a romance at home, I'm so sorry, please father and mother [music] are having a romance at home, I'm so sorry, please watch it. watch it. watch it. Such a love, even at this age. Such a love, even at this age. Such a love, even at this age. This is my brother, Boxer [Music]. No matter what problem I have, This is my brother, Boxer [Music]. No matter what problem I have, This is my brother, Boxer [Music]. No matter what problem I have, he will always come knocking and he will always come knocking and he will always come knocking and asking.  Then, if you ask me why he was added to boxing, he's asking.  Then, if you ask me why he was added to boxing, he's already fighting with everyone who comes to him already fighting with everyone who comes to him already fighting with everyone who comes to him .  Why is he now fighting .  Why is he now fighting .  Why is he now fighting all this boxing? He's been all this boxing? He's been fighting with the Sports Gives Discipline for a long time fighting with the Sports Gives Discipline for a long time fighting with the Sports Gives Discipline for a long time .  He is going to fight for victory from now on .  He is going to fight for victory from now on .  He is going to fight for victory from now on .  I tore it. [Music] Let's beat everyone.  He beat everyone.  He beat everyone.  He will beat me too.  But if someone will beat me too.  But if someone will beat me too.  But if someone hits me, I'll hit them terribly.  [Music] hits me, I'll hit them terribly.  [Music] hits me, I'll hit them terribly.  [Music] This character has been hanging around with us for a long time, you might be This character has been hanging around with us for a long time, you might be wondering who he is.  My life friend Jeeva.   He wondering who he is.  My life friend Jeeva.   He wondering who he is.  My life friend Jeeva.   He steals and eats biscuits, and he steals and eats biscuits, and he steals and eats biscuits, and he drinks juice that my brother stole.  [Music] drinks juice that my brother stole.  [Music] drinks juice that my brother stole.  [Music] Then my brother chases me and beats me until I get beaten Then my brother chases me and beats me until I get beaten Then my brother chases me and beats me until I get beaten .  When .  When .  When my father went to school, he would carry his bag [of music] on his head and my father went to school, he would carry his bag [of music] on his head and walk to the bus stop.  This is all Ivan Abinga.   It would be a walk to the bus stop.  This is all Ivan Abinga.   It would be a walk to the bus stop.  This is all Ivan Abinga.   It would be a great pleasure if we were alone great pleasure if we were alone great pleasure if we were alone .  But we only joined in on one thing [music] .  But we only joined in on one thing [music] .  But we only joined in on one thing [music] . Hello, Hello, Hello, hello, father, hello, father, hello, father, how are you?   I how are you?   I how are you?   I 'm fine, Father.  Hello, 'm fine, Father.  Hello, 'm fine, Father.  Hello, teacher, teacher, teacher, this is the father. this is the father. this is the father. Hello, Hello, Hello, welcome, how are you? welcome, how are you? welcome, how are you? What the hell are you doing, like making a new wish?  It's What the hell are you doing, like making a new wish?  It's normal for parents like us to call you like this, normal for parents like us to call you like this, normal for parents like us to call you like this, right? We bought the book from the store you mentioned right? We bought the book from the store you mentioned right? We bought the book from the store you mentioned .  We bought the uniform at the store you mentioned .  We bought the uniform at the store you mentioned .  We bought the uniform at the store you mentioned .  I don't .  I don't .  I don't know what else I missed.   It's not that it's much more know what else I missed.   It's not that it's much more important.  What are you doing with the cows, important.  What are you doing with the cows, important.  What are you doing with the cows, why are you doing this? What's the problem today? why are you doing this? What's the problem today? why are you doing this? What's the problem today? Manisha Manisha Manisha S. Manisha was our biggest S. Manisha was our biggest S. Manisha was our biggest enemy when we were young.  It's her hobby to get stuck in the mess whenever she sees us enemy when we were young.  It's her hobby to get stuck in the mess whenever she sees us enemy when we were young.  It's her hobby to get stuck in the mess whenever she sees us . . . You know he is the whole school, you don't You know he is the whole school, you don't You know he is the whole school, you don't understand, father, is it your problem that these people speak Tamil? understand, father, is it your problem that these people speak Tamil? understand, father, is it your problem that these people speak Tamil? Yes, you should not speak Tamil. Yes, you should not speak Tamil. This school is in this school. [Music] If they don't speak This school is in this school. [Music] If they don't speak This school is in this school. [Music] If they don't speak Tamil in Tamil Nadu, then Tamil in Tamil Nadu, then Tamil in Tamil Nadu, then they will go to Pakistan and speak. This is an English medium school. If it is English medium, there is no they will go to Pakistan and speak. This is an English medium school. If it is English medium, there is no English education. English education. English education. Father, education in English is that much. If there is Father, education in English is that much. If there is Father, education in English is that much. If there is no way for Tamil, then how can Father defend English? no way for Tamil, then how can Father defend English? no way for Tamil, then how can Father defend English? Who said that Father, these people are future-oriented, Who said that Father, these people are future-oriented, Who said that Father, these people are future-oriented, not relying on English, they are relying on their knowledge. not relying on English, they are relying on their knowledge. not relying on English, they are relying on their knowledge. English is just a language. English is just a language. English is just a language. Father, it is a tool. [Music] Look, communication Father, it is a tool. [Music] Look, communication Father, it is a tool. [Music] Look, communication is Tamil. That is our identity. Father, a is Tamil. That is our identity. Father, a person who has forgotten his identity. He has forgotten the person who has forgotten his identity. He has forgotten the person who has forgotten his identity. He has forgotten the land where he was born, the land where he was born, the land where he was born, the town where he grew up, his own country, and town where he grew up, his own country, and town where he grew up, his own country, and an identity for himself.  He an identity for himself.  He an identity for himself.  He went to another country for something he wanted and became a slave to someone there. He was a went to another country for something he wanted and became a slave to someone there. He was a went to another country for something he wanted and became a slave to someone there. He was a little bit spoiled and little bit spoiled and little bit spoiled and spoiled. In the end, he misunderstood that this was his spoiled. In the end, he misunderstood that this was his spoiled. In the end, he misunderstood that this was his identity and not only did he but also identity and not only did he but also identity and not only did he but also his descendants his descendants his descendants live as slaves. [Music] That's what happened. Father. Father. live as slaves. [Music] That's what happened. Father. Father. Our lineage that ruled this world is a ten thousand year old language. Our lineage that ruled this world is a ten thousand year old language. Our lineage that ruled this world is a ten thousand year old language. [Music] A language with grammar. Why is [Music] A language with grammar. Why is [Music] A language with grammar. Why is Tamil the oldest language in the world? I'm not saying that you Tamil the oldest language in the world? I'm not saying that you Tamil the oldest language in the world? I'm not saying that you shouldn't teach English, shouldn't teach English, shouldn't teach English, but you're saying that you shouldn't speak Tamil. but you're saying that you shouldn't speak Tamil. but you're saying that you shouldn't speak Tamil. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Father, please, Father, why don't you call me mommy? You called me mommy. Mother is Tamil. Is that your mother tongue? [Applause] Even though we all speak English, we are Tamilians. Tamilians. Tamilians. [Music] I [Music] I [Music] I told you that right then. No, our told you that right then. No, our told you that right then. No, our father is a superhero. father is a superhero. You're probably asking what the principal said. [Music] My father is getting tense.  We can You're probably asking what the principal said. [Music] My father is getting tense.  We can talk about whatever we want, right?  But we should never talk negatively about Tamil talk about whatever we want, right?  But we should never talk negatively about Tamil talk about whatever we want, right?  But we should never talk negatively about Tamil .  Oh [music] I didn't even bring .  Oh [music] I didn't even bring .  Oh [music] I didn't even bring my father to get the report card my father to get the report card my father to get the report card . . . Do you know why I came here to collect taxes for this problem? Do you know why I came here to collect taxes for this problem? Do you know why I came here to collect taxes for this problem? Sketch [Music] Not for my father, but for the Sketch [Music] Not for my father, but for the Sketch [Music] Not for my father, but for the principal's father. principal's father. principal's father. Father, mother, Father, mother, Father, mother, the farewell party is over, and the farewell party is over, and the farewell party is over, and school will end in four more days. school will end in four more days. school will end in four more days. Besides, the public exam is Besides, the public exam is Besides, the public exam is tomorrow, and the last tuition class is tomorrow. tomorrow, and the last tuition class is tomorrow. tomorrow, and the last tuition class is tomorrow. Go talk to her, be respectful.   Can Go talk to her, be respectful.   Can Go talk to her, be respectful.   Can we talk, Jeeva? I'm scared. we talk, Jeeva? I'm scared. we talk, Jeeva? I'm scared. Then give me a letter. Hey, that's not for us, that's not for us, that's not for us, but [music] He came and sat next to me, did he know that I would but [music] He came and sat next to me, did he know that I would but [music] He came and sat next to me, did he know that I would come and sit here? He come and sit here? He come and sit here? He came and sat here, excuse me, came and sat here, excuse me, came and sat here, excuse me, sir sir sir Dude, is someone new? Hey, hey, hey, hey, Dude, is someone new? Hey, hey, hey, hey, first, first, first, I saw this girl for the first time. I saw this girl for the first time. I saw this girl for the first time. I've been making love, thinking I'll be the first to fall in I've been making love, thinking I'll be the first to fall in I've been making love, thinking I'll be the first to fall in love.   Did you push it away love.   Did you push it away love.   Did you push it away ?  Sit down, ?  Sit down, ?  Sit down, you won't be okay. you won't be okay. you won't be okay. Now, Now, Now, sir, make me some coffee. How are you, How are you, How are you, dear? dear? dear? Help me.  Hey, I'll buy you some Help me.  Hey, I'll buy you some Help me.  Hey, I'll buy you some time, time, time, so so so excuse me, hey, she excuse me, hey, she excuse me, hey, she said she's taking a new course, why are you so angry? Tell me, said she's taking a new course, why are you so angry? Tell me, said she's taking a new course, why are you so angry? Tell me, you're the one who got the jalebi, tell me, new you're the one who got the jalebi, tell me, new admission, no, no, admission, no, no, admission, no, no, morning patch, this is it, [music] this is it, [music] this is it, [music] is gone, look, is gone, look, is gone, look, who is this for? who is this for? who is this for? It depends on your reaction. It depends on your reaction. It depends on your reaction. Okay okay Okay okay Okay okay okay Nalakka, Nalakka, Nalakka, tell me, brother, don't you feel like saying, "I don't tell me, brother, don't you feel like saying, "I don't tell me, brother, don't you feel like saying, "I don't play well?" I don't play well?" I don't play well?" I don't know who I am. I am the class leader of the know who I am. I am the class leader of the know who I am. I am the class leader of the Standard A section of the class. Standard A section of the class. Standard A section of the class. Manisha [ Manisha [ Manisha [ Music] You don't like shirts at all. I am a man  Will you do it You don't like shirts at all. I am a man  Will you do it ?   I ?   I ?   I will do these things. will do these things. will do these things. Okay, boss, lift the bicycle. Okay, boss, lift the bicycle. Okay, boss, lift the bicycle. Hey, let's ride a bicycle. Hey Pastor, please tell me. Hey Pastor, please tell me. Hey Pastor, please tell me. You're crazy, my dear You're crazy, my dear You're crazy, my dear .  I'll take the bicycle.  No .  I'll take the bicycle.  No .  I'll take the bicycle.  No problem. problem. problem. Hey brother, why did you give my man a letter Hey brother, why did you give my man a letter Hey brother, why did you give my man a letter ?  Who is your man? ?  Who is your man? ?  Who is your man? My man, he's like someone who gives a letter to someone and then rips it up without buying it. My man, he's like someone who gives a letter to someone and then rips it up without buying it. My man, he's like someone who gives a letter to someone and then rips it up without buying it. Hey, if you say it's Manisha, Hey, if you say it's Manisha, Hey, if you say it's Manisha, she's the one who bought it and wrote the she's the one who bought it and wrote the she's the one who bought it and wrote the letter, letter, letter, I'll say it's Manisha.  Why I'll say it's Manisha.  Why I'll say it's Manisha.  Why are you saying everything in a roundabout way? are you saying everything in a roundabout way? are you saying everything in a roundabout way? Tell me directly.   Don't say it directly Tell me directly.   Don't say it directly Tell me directly.   Don't say it directly .  [Laughter] .  [Laughter] .  [Laughter] Hey, why are you putting your hands on my friend? Hey, why are you putting your hands on my friend? Hey, why are you putting your hands on my friend? I'll lay my hands on you, okay?  Are you arrogant and arrogant, like you I'll lay my hands on you, okay?  Are you arrogant and arrogant, like you I'll lay my hands on you, okay?  Are you arrogant and arrogant, like you have a piece of paper to rub on have a piece of paper to rub on have a piece of paper to rub on ?  I will also go and gather people ?  I will also go and gather people ?  I will also go and gather people . . . Good girl, drink. Good girl, drink. Good girl, drink. Brother, Brother, this Balaji must have been walking down the dead end of the main street on the same day.  The wedding is a mess.   Let's this Balaji must have been walking down the dead end of the main street on the same day.  The wedding is a mess.   Let's this Balaji must have been walking down the dead end of the main street on the same day.  The wedding is a mess.   Let's see, Lusa. Hello, hello see, Lusa. Hello, hello Four children Four children Four children are in my room Hey, who is this? Hey, who is this? Hey, who is this? Who is this guy? [Laughter] The Who is this guy? [Laughter] The Who is this guy? [Laughter] The problem is that problem is that problem is that everyone in the department will everyone in the department will everyone in the department will say, "What's wrong?" say, "What's wrong?" say, "What's wrong?" Which department? [Music] Mechanical Which department? [Music] Mechanical Which department? [Music] Mechanical department I have a lot of people in the department I have a lot of people in the department I have a lot of people in the mechanical department. Mac Tiger Mac mechanical department. Mac Tiger Mac mechanical department. Mac Tiger Mac Lion Mac Elephant Mac Donald Lion Mac Elephant Mac Donald Lion Mac Elephant Mac Donald and Another Mac Lion Max, did you and Another Mac Lion Max, did you and Another Mac Lion Max, did you beat me? beat me? beat me? Brother, I Brother, I Brother, I beat you like this, like this. Hey, chase and chase Hey, chase and chase Hey, chase and chase Just put on your mask and leave it alone, just Just put on your mask and leave it alone, just Just put on your mask and leave it alone, just walk like that, mother, tell me, mother, it's not possible [Music] Let's go to the city, a big city, a big city, a big building, high-tech infrastructure, a building, high-tech infrastructure, a building, high-tech infrastructure, a 30-40 bus, if you've seen all this, you're 30-40 bus, if you've seen all this, you're 30-40 bus, if you've seen all this, you're right, it's an engineering college, as you think right, it's an engineering college, as you think right, it's an engineering college, as you think .  This is not .  This is not .  This is not just in Coimbatore, it is all over India just in Coimbatore, it is all over India just in Coimbatore, it is all over India .  For what kind of people is the fee for playing [music] .  For what kind of people is the fee for playing [music] .  For what kind of people is the fee for playing [music] small or large? small or large? small or large? Well, every department in this engineering college has its own unique Well, every department in this engineering college has its own unique character.  I should have read All Boys No character.  I should have read All Boys No character.  I should have read All Boys No Girls Get Mechanics Girls Get Mechanics Girls Get Mechanics or All Girls No Boys [Music] or All Girls No Boys [Music] or All Girls No Boys [Music] Beautiful Biotech Beautiful Biotech Beautiful Biotech .  But I studied .  But I studied .  But I studied psychology, and psychology, and psychology, and this is the most difficult department in engineering. this is the most difficult department in engineering. this is the most difficult department in engineering. You can even go shirtless.  But you You can even go shirtless.  But you You can even go shirtless.  But you absolutely cannot go without an ID card.  Don't assume that everyone absolutely cannot go without an ID card.  Don't assume that everyone absolutely cannot go without an ID card.  Don't assume that everyone is studying engineering, just that is studying engineering, just that is studying engineering, just that engineering kids are normal engineering kids are normal engineering kids are normal .  Four years [Music] Eight .  Four years [Music] Eight .  Four years [Music] Eight semesters 64 papers One project semesters 64 papers One project semesters 64 papers One project Internship 10 15 lab m1 m2 m3 Internship 10 15 lab m1 m2 m3 Internship 10 15 lab m1 m2 m3 Fluid [Music] Mechanics Solid Fluid [Music] Mechanics Solid Fluid [Music] Mechanics Solid Mechanics DSP Mechanics DSP Mechanics DSP I didn't say this DSP.  This I didn't say this DSP.  This I didn't say this DSP.  This DSP degree stopping paper, I DSP degree stopping paper, I DSP degree stopping paper, I studied hard and passed all these, studied hard and passed all these, studied hard and passed all these, internal and external, internal and external, internal and external, got the record note sign, got the record note sign, got the record note sign, finally I passed all the exams in one exam and got the finally I passed all the exams in one exam and got the placement, I will fall at your feet, placement, I will fall at your feet, placement, I will fall at your feet, then you will do one thing then you will do one thing then you will do one thing Hello sir. Hello sir. Hello sir. Good mark, Good mark, Good mark, thank you sir. thank you sir. thank you sir. Good percentage but no job. Good percentage but no job. Good percentage but no job. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. 400,000 people come out in one year 400,000 people come out in one year 400,000 people come out in one year .  How .  How .  How can you give work to everyone? can you give work to everyone? can you give work to everyone? Then why don't you ask Then why don't you ask Then why don't you ask the students if they are going to engineering college and fail? the students if they are going to engineering college and fail? the students if they are going to engineering college and fail? Look at the parents and Look at the parents and Look at the parents and ask.  Okay, let's come to our college.   We ask.  Okay, let's come to our college.   We got the same college, the same department, the same class, the same bench, but we didn't get the got the same college, the same department, the same class, the same bench, but we didn't get the got the same college, the same department, the same class, the same bench, but we didn't get the same room in the hostel. same room in the hostel. same room in the hostel. Next up are our college seniors.  This is Next up are our college seniors.  This is Next up are our college seniors.  This is Gethu Senior.  This is a Gethu Senior.  This is a Gethu Senior.  This is a senior who is struggling.  This is a senior member of the Ketty Panchayat. senior who is struggling.  This is a senior member of the Ketty Panchayat. senior who is struggling.  This is a senior member of the Ketty Panchayat. This is a senior member of the Kattam Panchayat.  Sir, my This is a senior member of the Kattam Panchayat.  Sir, my This is a senior member of the Kattam Panchayat.  Sir, my dear brother. Hey, come here, senior, you're all dressed up, Hey, come here, senior, you're all dressed up, okay, go, let's go, okay, go, let's go, okay, go, let's go, brother, Sudhakaran, brother, brother, okay, okay, you brother, Sudhakaran, brother, brother, okay, okay, you go, you go, Sudhakaran, go, you go, Sudhakaran, brother, we don't brother, we don't brother, we don't know who, brother, buy it, give it, give it to me, what's up, hey Sudhakaran, buy it, give it, give it to me, what's up, hey Sudhakaran, my brother, go, I'm washing it, why are you my brother, go, I'm washing it, why are you doing this, hey, what's up, what's up, what's up, first year, my friend, who are you, brother, first year, my friend, who are you, brother, first year, my friend, who are you, brother, Sudhakaran, brother, okay, go, go, Sudhakaran, brother, okay, go, go, Sudhakaran, brother, okay, go, go, oh Sudhakaran, brother, if there is anyone, let's try and oh Sudhakaran, brother, if there is anyone, let's try and oh Sudhakaran, brother, if there is anyone, let's try and see, Sudhakaran, see, Sudhakaran, see, Sudhakaran, brother, don't go brother, don't go Sudhakaran, what's wrong with you, brother? What's wrong with you Sudhakaran, what's wrong with you, brother? What's wrong with you Sudhakaran, what's wrong with you, brother? What's wrong with you now? now? now? I'm going to destroy you. I'm going to destroy you. I'm going to destroy you. Darling. Darling. Darling. Hey little boy, are you a volunteer or a Hey little boy, are you a volunteer or a Hey little boy, are you a volunteer or a first-year student who is coming and staring? first-year student who is coming and staring? first-year student who is coming and staring? Oh, what's the point of that? Oh, what's the point of that? Oh, what's the point of that? Okay, let's go. Okay, let's go. Okay, let's go. Hey, the one who sang the song is the only one who is worthy.   We need Hey, the one who sang the song is the only one who is worthy.   We need Hey, the one who sang the song is the only one who is worthy.   We need to develop contact.  We need to develop contact.  We need to develop contact.  We need to develop influence. to develop influence. to develop influence. Who do you know? Who do you know? Who do you know? Do you know Sudhakaran brother? Do you know Sudhakaran brother? Do you know Sudhakaran brother? Do you know Sudhakaran's brother?   I Do you know Sudhakaran's brother?   I Do you know Sudhakaran's brother?   I know. know. know. He is my brother. He is my brother. He is my brother. Okay, let's go.   Don't go, it hurts, hurts, hurts, you're the one who gave me your mouth and got hit. you're the one who gave me your mouth and got hit. you're the one who gave me your mouth and got hit. Now both of you are coming to apologize. You Now both of you are coming to apologize. You should have told me about him then, don't go.   You're should have told me about him then, don't go.   You're should have told me about him then, don't go.   You're talking all the time, talking all the time, talking all the time, okay, what are you going to do now? okay, what are you going to do now? okay, what are you going to do now? Yes, what are you going to do now? Yes, what are you going to do now? Yes, what are you going to do now? Buy some biryani and eat it. Buy some biryani and eat it. Buy some biryani and eat it. Here, everyone eats the same Here, everyone eats the same Here, everyone eats the same meal.  They will cook biryani for you only, they will cook it for you. meal.  They will cook biryani for you only, they will cook it for you. meal.  They will cook biryani for you only, they will cook it for you. Tomorrow is our department Tomorrow is our department Tomorrow is our department function. Tomorrow, our department function. Tomorrow, our department function. Tomorrow, our department will cook biryani for everyone.  They won't let us do it then will cook biryani for everyone.  They won't let us do it then will cook biryani for everyone.  They won't let us do it then . . . Why? Why? Why? Because you are in a different department.  [Music] Because you are in a different department.  [Music] Because you are in a different department.  [Music] What kind of biryani do you get?   If What kind of biryani do you get?   If What kind of biryani do you get?   If you give a coupon, you get biryani. you give a coupon, you get biryani. you give a coupon, you get biryani. I don't have it. I don't have it. I don't have it. Who is there?   I ca Who is there?   I ca Who is there?   I ca n't say.  It is with Vishnu. Hallelujah, brother. brother. brother. Sarita is my brother.  The biryani is all Sarita is my brother.  The biryani is all Sarita is my brother.  The biryani is all burnt. burnt. burnt. Buy biryani curd rice.  Kar, machan, kar, you Buy biryani curd rice.  Kar, machan, kar, you Buy biryani curd rice.  Kar, machan, kar, you are asking me to eat. Where are you? are asking me to eat. Where are you? are asking me to eat. Where are you? Eat kar, eat biryani. [Music] Eat kar, eat biryani. [Music] Eat kar, eat biryani. [Music] Eat What did you make? What did you make? What did you make? There is no biryani, machan.  Look here, the guard is There is no biryani, machan.  Look here, the guard is There is no biryani, machan.  Look here, the guard is a little girl, they are asking a little girl, they are asking a little girl, they are asking us to eat all this. Look us to eat all this. Look here, I have brought all the bags for biryani. Instinct, Instinct College. You are from which college? Which department is this? Biotech. Biotech lawyer. He doesn't lie. He invented. He invented. Let's go. Hey, what's here? Let's eat and go to here, I have brought all the bags for biryani. Instinct, Instinct College. You are from which college? Which department is this? Biotech. Biotech lawyer. He doesn't lie. He invented. He invented. Let's go. Hey, what's here? Let's eat and go to here, I have brought all the bags for biryani. Instinct, Instinct College. You are from which college? Which department is this? Biotech. Biotech lawyer. He doesn't lie. He invented. He invented. Let's go. Hey, what's here? Let's eat and go to Five Start next door. Hey, come on. Five Start next door. Hey, come on. Five Start next door. Hey, come on. I'll come. You go. Manisha, I'll come. You go. Manisha, I'll come. You go. Manisha, take the bag. What's the use of us? So, Tell our warden about this Vishnu and Sanjay. Somehow, Tell our warden about this Vishnu and Sanjay. Somehow, send both of them out of the room. Convince the warden that you and I are in the same room. Let's both of us send both of them out of the room. Convince the warden that you and I are in the same room. Let's both of us settle down together. Alleluia. [Music] Alleluia. Alleluia. Alleluia. Alleluia. Alleluia. Alleluia. Alleluia. Alleluia. [Music] Alleluia. Alleluia. Alleluia. Alleluia. Alleluia. Alleluia. Alleluia. Hey, hey, hey, Hey, hey, hey, Hey, hey, hey, I'm  I want to ask you something, I'm  I want to ask you something, I'm  I want to ask you something, who is that? who is that? who is that? Listen, Listen, Listen, no, I don't know how you're going no, I don't know how you're going no, I don't know how you're going to take it. to take it. to take it. Listen, no, no, this is different. [Music] no, no, this is different. [Music] no, no, this is different. [Music] Where did you get this biryani? Where did you get this biryani? Where did you get this biryani? No, I've been looking for a long time. The biryani is No, I've been looking for a long time. The biryani is No, I've been looking for a long time. The biryani is burnt.  How did you burnt.  How did you burnt.  How did you get this?  [Music] get this?  [Music] get this?  [Music] I'm on the second counter. I'm on the second counter. I'm on the second counter. Second counter, second counter, I Second counter, second counter, I Second counter, second counter, I just missed it. Actually, I'll go and just missed it. Actually, I'll go and just missed it. Actually, I'll go and look. look. look. Uncle, there's biryani at the second counter Uncle, there's biryani at the second counter Uncle, there's biryani at the second counter .  I .  I remember that as long as you are here, love will never have any problems. remember that as long as you are here, love will never have any problems. remember that as long as you are here, love will never have any problems. I've seen you somewhere.  I've been watching you both I've seen you somewhere.  I've been watching you both I've seen you somewhere.  I've been watching you both .  I won't say anything. Do .  I won't say anything. Do .  I won't say anything. Do we all remember the same tuition? we all remember the same tuition? we all remember the same tuition? What do you remember? What do you remember? What do you remember? I [music] am the moon.   Is Khadi Khadi I [music] am the moon.   Is Khadi Khadi I [music] am the moon.   Is Khadi Khadi ?   Is ?   Is ?   Is Adi Adi Adi Adi Adi Adi ? ? ? Which department are you in?  [Music] Which department are you in?  [Music] Which department are you in?  [Music] Oh, this department? Oh, this department? Oh, this department? No way.   Please come No way.   Please come No way.   Please come often from now on. often from now on. often from now on. Hey brother [Music] Come on, talk okay okay Where are you going, Hey brother [Music] Come on, talk okay okay Where are you going, brother? Come on, come on, come on, brother? Come on, come on, come on, brother? Come on, come on, come on, come on [ come on [ come on [ Music] Music] Music] Hey, what are you doing here, Hey, what are you doing here, Hey, what are you doing here, brother? We came to see you, brother, this brother? We came to see you, brother, this brother? We came to see you, brother, this morning. [Clears throat] morning. [Clears throat] morning. [Clears throat] Look in the room. [Laughs] We Look in the room. [Laughs] We Look in the room. [Laughs] We forgot to say good morning. Did you forget to say good morning? Much much, hi, forgot to say good morning. Did you forget to say good morning? Much much, hi, Nila, good morning, good morning, Nila, good morning, good morning, look. look. look. [Music] No, I don't care. I'm hot. Hey, this is not good. Hey, brother, come and clean me now. Okay, it's been 35 days, so I'm not hot. [Music] Okay, Sanjay, hi, Okay, Sanjay, hi, Okay, Sanjay, hi, weekend, please come, please come, please come, please come, please come. [Music] Manisha, I'm not here for my birthday, please, please, please, please.  [Laughter] weekend, please come, please come, please come, please come, please come. [Music] Manisha, I'm not here for my birthday, please, please, please, please.  [Laughter] weekend, please come, please come, please come, please come, please come. [Music] Manisha, I'm not here for my birthday, please, please, please, please.  [Laughter] Hi Nila, Hi Nila, Hi Nila, hi, hi, hi, I want to meet friends. I want to meet friends. I want to meet friends. I don't have any friends except us. except us. except us. Okay, boy. Then this is it. [Music] Then this is it. [Music] Then this is it. [Music] Then this is it. [Screaming] It's [Screaming] It's [Screaming] It's me. [Music] me. [Music] me. [Music] Then this is it. I have to Then this is it. I have to explain everything. explain everything. explain everything. Then Hey, then, then, I'm talking to you, Dad. then, I'm talking to you, Dad. then, I'm talking to you, Dad. Dad, Dad, Dad, what's the phone waiting? You what's the phone waiting? You what's the phone waiting? You won't call me either. won't call me either. won't call me either. Dad, no, Dad, you're Dad, no, Dad, you're Dad, no, Dad, you're vacating the house vacating the house . Come here this weekend. I'll send you the address of the new house. Hey brother, what's up? what's up? what's up? I'm moving my instrument home, I'm moving my instrument home, I'm moving my instrument home, that's all we brought here that's all we brought here that's all we brought here . . I thought I only knew the super lesson.  Please put on some music. I thought I only knew the super lesson.  Please put on some music. I thought I only knew the super lesson.  Please put on some music. This is our This is our This is our interest, even if you don't talk to us. interest, even if you don't talk to us. interest, even if you don't talk to us. We study engineering just because they tell us at home. We study engineering just because they tell us at home. We study engineering just because they tell us at home. Super, you'll be performing at the hostel function next month Super, you'll be performing at the hostel function next month Super, you'll be performing at the hostel function next month . . . Hey, come here now, I do Hey, come here now, I do Hey, come here now, I do n't want to be in the hostel, I don't want to be in the hostel. don't want to be in the hostel. don't want to be in the hostel. Hey, why is Hey, why is Hey, why is this biotech department this biotech department this biotech department going to have this biotech function?   Thank you, Wright going to have this biotech function?   Thank you, Wright going to have this biotech function?   Thank you, Wright . . . Uncle, Uncle, Uncle, uncle, don't worry, if everything you say is uncle, don't worry, if everything you say is uncle, don't worry, if everything you say is true, I know. Can we go and true, I know. Can we go and true, I know. Can we go and talk? talk? talk? Hey, don't talk like a fool, Kottamedu Hey, don't talk like a fool, Kottamedu Hey, don't talk like a fool, Kottamedu Kumaran. I know someone who can Kumaran. I know someone who can Kumaran. I know someone who can hang him. hang him. hang him. What are we going to do with Mr. Kumara What are we going to do with Mr. Kumara What are we going to do with Mr. Kumara ?  Let's go to our legal office. ?  Let's go to our legal office. ?  Let's go to our legal office. Should we file a lawsuit asking for a place to go? Should we file a lawsuit asking for a place to go? Should we file a lawsuit asking for a place to go? Just tell your gardener to do it and I'll give you Just tell your gardener to do it and I'll give you Just tell your gardener to do it and I'll give you alms. alms. alms. Hey, Hey, Hey, stay here, boy.  I myself am a love failure stay here, boy.  I myself am a love failure stay here, boy.  I myself am a love failure .   I .   I .   I understand, brother. No matter what you want to say, understand, brother. No matter what you want to say, understand, brother. No matter what you want to say, I'll finish what I say. I'll finish what I say. I'll finish what I say. Hello, Hello, Hello, say hello, madams. Listen say hello, madams. Listen say hello, madams. Listen to what I'm saying. I listened. to what I'm saying. I listened. to what I'm saying. I listened. I didn't listen then I didn't listen then I didn't listen then . I listened when you said it.  Why . I listened when you said it.  Why . I listened when you said it.  Why ask now?   The seniors are the only ones who say, "Hey, ask now?   The seniors are the only ones who say, "Hey, ask now?   The seniors are the only ones who say, "Hey, Anna, Anna, this guy is the Anna, Anna, this guy is the Anna, Anna, this guy is the only one who has been kind to only one who has been kind to only one who has been kind to my friend since he was a child, isn't that my friend since he was a child, isn't that just the two of you, or is there something else?" just the two of you, or is there something else?" just the two of you, or is there something else?" Adi, you must be talking nonsense. Adi, you must be talking nonsense. Adi, you must be talking nonsense. Already, my sister's absence is causing a big problem at home Already, my sister's absence is causing a big problem at home Already, my sister's absence is causing a big problem at home . . . Adi, please understand. Adi, please understand. Adi, please understand. I understand.  I understand. I understand.  I understand. I understand.  I understand. I understand well. I understand well. I understand well. I understand who you are.  Do you know who you are? I understand who you are.  Do you know who you are? I understand who you are.  Do you know who you are? Hey, Hey, Hey, what's up? Suddenly, I gave you a piece of cake without even putting it on. what's up? Suddenly, I gave you a piece of cake without even putting it on. No, no, Adi, I've been drinking. Is that the No, no, Adi, I've been drinking. Is that the No, no, Adi, I've been drinking. Is that the cake I told you about today?  [Music] It's a serious cake I told you about today?  [Music] It's a serious cake I told you about today?  [Music] It's a serious viral infection, so we can cut that time and viral infection, so we can cut that time and viral infection, so we can cut that time and burn it. burn it. burn it. A big doctor, go to the bathroom, A big doctor, go to the bathroom, A big doctor, go to the bathroom, hey [music], why don't you leave it? Then we can hey [music], why don't you leave it? Then we can hey [music], why don't you leave it? Then we can wash ourselves in the bathroom. Swaha Love Peyaliyar Aravas Love Peyaliyar Aravas Love Peyaliyar Aravas don't need all the luggage, even four friends don't need all the luggage, even four friends don't need all the luggage, even four friends are enough.  There just isn't enough time to make love are enough.  There just isn't enough time to make love are enough.  There just isn't enough time to make love . . . Everything remains, including phone balance and pocket money.  Oh, I'll Everything remains, including phone balance and pocket money.  Oh, I'll Everything remains, including phone balance and pocket money.  Oh, I'll go home for the weekend. go home for the weekend. go home for the weekend. I will also clean my friends' clothes.  I will call my I will also clean my friends' clothes.  I will call my I will also clean my friends' clothes.  I will call my parents regularly.  We did a lot of music, including participating in external parents regularly.  We did a lot of music, including participating in external parents regularly.  We did a lot of music, including participating in external college competitions, composing college competitions, composing college competitions, composing songs and uploading them on YouTube, and setting up a songs and uploading them on YouTube, and setting up a songs and uploading them on YouTube, and setting up a Facebook page for Hip Hop Tamil Facebook page for Hip Hop Tamil Facebook page for Hip Hop Tamil . . Please check if the record is submitted correctly.  Since Sudhakaranna was not there, Please check if the record is submitted correctly.  Since Sudhakaranna was not there, Please check if the record is submitted correctly.  Since Sudhakaranna was not there, Mottai and Dan started Mottai and Dan started Mottai and Dan started dancing around, saying that they were the next to go dancing around, saying that they were the next to go dancing around, saying that they were the next to go . . . They will cause trouble wherever they see it.  A year has They will cause trouble wherever they see it.  A year has They will cause trouble wherever they see it.  A year has passed just like that.  We finished the second year [music] and moved on to the passed just like that.  We finished the second year [music] and moved on to the passed just like that.  We finished the second year [music] and moved on to the third year. third year. third year. Hey, don't worry, this is a book by Paul Ather. Hey, don't worry, this is a book by Paul Ather. Hey, don't worry, this is a book by Paul Ather. What's so ugly about the mat? Brother, What's so ugly about the mat? Brother, What's so ugly about the mat? Brother, just India, just India, just India, your brother, this college? your brother, this college? your brother, this college? Otherwise, will you buy me a seat? Otherwise, will you buy me a seat? Otherwise, will you buy me a seat? What is that? What is that? What is that? Oh my God, why not? Oh my God, why not? Oh my God, why not? Hey, your brother is drinking that donut in the canteen Hey, your brother is drinking that donut in the canteen Hey, your brother is drinking that donut in the canteen .  [Music] .  [Music] .  [Music] Hey, my brother, no Hey, my brother, no Hey, my brother, no one knows about this college. one knows about this college. one knows about this college. Egg Manisha, when I think about it, I should go and when I think about it, I should go and when I think about it, I should go and take care of my brother.   I take care of my brother.   I believe in saving [music] [screaming] Sing, sing, sing, sing, I do [screaming] Sing, sing, sing, sing, I do [screaming] Sing, sing, sing, sing, I do n't know how to n't know how to n't know how to sing, I don't know how to sing, hey sing, I don't know how to sing, hey sing, I don't know how to sing, hey sing, oh my god, the sing, oh my god, the sing, oh my god, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, the golden sugar, how is it so good, it's  He golden sugar, the golden sugar, how is it so good, it's  He came, raised his came, raised his came, raised his head, ran away, scared, hey, head, ran away, scared, hey, head, ran away, scared, hey, you're wearing sandals, hey you're wearing sandals, hey Oh [music] Tie it up Oh [music] Tie it up Oh [music] Tie it up . Now don't tie it up, tie it up Hey senior, did you tie it up Hey [music] Will Hey [music] Will Hey [music] Will you sit down, sit down, sit down, you sit down. you sit down, sit down, sit down, you sit down. you sit down, sit down, sit down, you sit down. What's your problem with these foxes? Don't you have any control What's your problem with these foxes? Don't you have any control What's your problem with these foxes? Don't you have any control over the seniors? over the seniors? over the seniors? This guy is nothing like you. This guy is nothing like you. This guy is nothing like you. Leave Freya alone. I'll take care of him.   What Leave Freya alone. I'll take care of him.   What Leave Freya alone. I'll take care of him.   What you say is correct, brother. you say is correct, brother. you say is correct, brother. You're the senior in college, you see.   Leave it alone, You're the senior in college, you see.   Leave it alone, You're the senior in college, you see.   Leave it alone, I'll watch.   He's I'll watch.   He's I'll watch.   He's trying something.  Come on, trying something.  Come on, trying something.  Come on, brother, come here, brother, come here, brother, come here, what's the problem between you and them? what's the problem between you and them? what's the problem between you and them? I'm not here. They've been doing this since they were little I'm not here. They've been doing this since they were little I'm not here. They've been doing this since they were little . . . I'm also watching.  These people should I'm also watching.  These people should I'm also watching.  These people should not be left alone.  I'm not be left alone.  I'm not be left alone.  I'm waiting for you to tell me not to let you go. waiting for you to tell me not to let you go. waiting for you to tell me not to let you go. Hey, you're a hairy man, this area is a panjabi, hey, you're a soso, [Music] What happened, wait a minute, father, father, if you don't know, you'll fall, then you'll fall, then you'll fall, then you'll know, come and see Brother, brother, I Brother, brother, I Brother, brother, I trusted you too, I trusted you too, I trusted you too, I bought you a biryani, biryani, you're hiding like this, you'll just hide like this, you'll end up like this, what a bought you a biryani, biryani, you're hiding like this, you'll just hide like this, you'll end up like this, what a bought you a biryani, biryani, you're hiding like this, you'll just hide like this, you'll end up like this, what a brother, you're not there, you're a hairy man, what a brother, you're not there, you're a hairy man, what a brother, you're not there, you're a hairy man, what a brother, you're not there, you're a hairy man, what a brother, brother, you're not there, you're a hairy man, what a brother, you're not there, you're a hairy man, what a brother, you're not there, you're a hairy man, what a brother, you're not there, you're a hairy man, what a brother, you're a hairy man