Well, this is my job. I get this to
buy diapers or clothes. Did
you ever think you would
ever be used for this work?
What should I do, friend?
I am uncle, uncle, uncle,
I am like uncle, uncle.
Brother will call me brother. Okay,
don't make too many uncles and maternal uncles. We are still young.
Uncle will tell you, right?
Why will uncle say this? But
why would brother tell you? Why would
brother say this?
I will not call him uncle or uncle.
Yes uncle.
Yes. Which elder brother are you to me? My sister-in-law
became my brother again.
Good morning people, welcome back to our channel. If
mom is not there then they sit here.
Good morning people, these are my children, hi Ram, they
sit here till I am taking bath. If they are getting their hair combed then it
means they will wait here after the combing.
My scene today is that Avinash
is not at home today, he has gone away since morning and I think he will
come by evening. Yes, today in the evening there is a
plan that maybe we will go to see Ganpati.
I don't know whether the booking is done or not
because it depends on whether
I like it or not.
Which statue do I like? So
we will go to book accordingly. But
that also depends on when Avinash becomes free.
See, this happened as soon as I came.
Yes sir. You also tell me.
What has happened? What happened to brother?
Oh my God, my God! This is for me to show.
This is being done to impress.
Hey dad, why are you fighting with
me? But I had gone to take a bath. I am
saying that mother had gone to take bath.
Why are you fighting with mom? Are you looking at
this? Why is this doll fighting with me?
She is fighting. She is fighting me. Why?
What has momma done? She is scolding.
Mom takes him to Doki Doki. She
gives injections. So yes, dance dancing to
Momma? No no
brother, we will go
inside just now to see Didi, so look, look, she was
still showing off, she is
looking so cute today, we were
comparing a photo of Gungun and my childhood,
Gungun looks exactly like this, look today, I mean
Didi also saw this photo, when Didi said, this is
exactly the same, you will see this, when you
see Gungun, tell me does Didi look like this or
not, she looks exactly the same, there is
no problem with the hands, what do you
say, shoulders etc.,
everything is just
like me, same
to same,
same to same, so right now he is drinking milk,
we will do new things now, then I will introduce you to the
baby, baba, see, she is not happy, we don't do it like this, come here, come here,
you come out, out, out, out, out, I had to
impress him, in
order to impress my son, my son, come out, come out,
Babu,
okay Didi had taken expensive,
Yugarj,
yes, that is very much, I mean actually Look, let me
tell you, Gungun was
much weaker than Gungun, this has happened but now
suddenly he has become white, he does a lot of actions, it
means he does not smile,
I will not smile, to hell with you all,
I will not smile, Gungun does a
lot of things but he does not smile,
Yuggu Yuggu, look look, he is doing it,
Yuggu
Juggu Baba Juggu Baba, Neela son,
I will introduce you to my daughter for some time.
Let's not even look in the mirror. Oh brother,
she is also watching you.
Gunnu, have
all the names changed? Yuggu Gun Lo
What happens like this? He is
talking to water.
Sister, I have to give you the pajamas of such a son. I have to
give you the rumples and the inner thing that you
wear, please give me all that so that I can bring it.
And let me tell you brother, Gungun's
diapers are now becoming tight for her.
So we are growing up. So all the
diapers that you have brought, Yugu will wear them now.
But let me tell you milk wise Yuggu is
taking more milk than Gungun.
But this Mutkalli has fallen for me.
You will see that you will say that Sambhavna did to
copy me. This is a junior possibility.
Even in her actions, she still seems the same to me.
Maybe it will change later. Maybe I will gain some
wisdom and not go after my mother. But
Yugu is a very decent boy of mine. He
drinks milk very decently. The
doctor told me that it is pressed from one side, as
we can see, one side of it is slightly
pressed from here. So the doctor
told that this happens because they are on the same
side of the mother's womb. So that
side of hers has become more like that. You must be
on the same side. Meaning, this neck
rotates on one side again and again. So
now I ordered pillows for it so that its neck remains
straight. But whatever you do, the neck
comes on one side only. Who is going on the left side and who is going on the
right side. I am going to the
left side again and again. So it has to be done right.
And the doctor has also suggested neck exercises for this.
So what is happening because of that
? Its head is
going a little longer towards this side. I am watching. So
because he is sleeping more on that side
which he is basically not supposed to sleep on. So this
probably happens with babies. I do not
know. And that's why those pillows are very good,
Avinash has ordered them from Amazon.
Actually, it should come for both. But I just
ordered one so that I can find out whether it is
working or not. But I think one should
work. If you do this again and again, I mean like,
do it on this side, then it comes on this side,
even while sleeping you can do anything, it will rotate
completely like this, but it is coming on this side again and again, so
we have to be a little worried
that this should be right
for the baby and it has been two months, so now we have to do that
work, didi, as I said, the
movements of the neck, because the nerves of one side of the neck have become
firm and the other side is
not yet firm, so the firm nerve
there is doing more, basically
this is what is happening, I will meet you in a
while, yes, the food of these three is ready,
today see, just see Candy's movement, the
rest is fine, just see Candy's movement today, by the way,
Khoon Khoon, kidney problem, all this has given me a lot of
trouble, but when I go to eat, then see, see,
their food is coming,
see, this one started first,
yes, which one started first,
see this,
quickly, quickly, see, see how, oh oh oh oh
even the border runs away, tell me by jumping
That's
fine,
she will finish first after chatting, right now
Yugu is sitting in Mama's lap and
see how he is holding Mama's hand
[screaming sound] look at this,
look at this, we have just finished the milk,
now Mama is giving us the barfi, is
he sitting comfortably and looking at Shincha, he looks at
her more, looks at Shincha etc., he
looks at everyone equally, say thank you Yugo, say
Yugo, say my little feet of Yugu,
Diu Bhai, look at the feet of my Yugu,
look at the little feet of Yugu, Avinash will miss these people a lot today,
this is our entire morning work with them,
he has gone out for work today, I will not trouble him by
sending photos, otherwise this is what we do
with each other, like whenever we
go out somewhere, we keep sending photos to each other, I do it
myself, I
send him photos, but today he is at work, so I will
not send him photos, then he misses him and gets
irritated.
Oh good, what are you doing in mommy's lap?
What are you doing brother? is
in. We're being dickie pickie boy.
Now
grow up so fast. Isn't it
? He just
came,
look what he is saying? Elder sister is
saying, sister, please bring another dog.
Get another dog. Should I take two? like good good
and one that's black and and white like Coco.
Okay, okay,
and the way you are running looks
very beautiful. And
what will you do with all that running away on Diwali?
Yugo will do it,
friends, hold on to this, ask her if she's
coming or not, she's just pretending
and laughs, then you know, she
laughs, look, tell me why she's coming,
look, she deliberately teases me,
deliberately teases me, when is she coming, have
n't booked the tickets yet, is it time to go
[laughter], is it time to go, haven't booked the tickets yet,
look, look,
friends, catch her, has
n't booked the tickets yet,
when is your return due
in November, is it
coming here only, isn't it going somewhere else,
yes [laughter],
I called Avinash, Avinash has come, the
children's clothes have become small,
so we have to go get them, the rumpers etc. have become
small, we're going to get those,
we bought them just now, that's just a
matter of how many, 15,
we must have bought them just a day ago, will they
grow in 15-20 days, should we
buy five sizes bigger first,
oh oh, by the way, do we have to make them sit in the swing
Avinash also, only then I get it whenever I
need clothes. The meaning of children is
found anyway but they are
found anyway.
That means we met there last.
Yes, I found it in clothes.
Yes
No Last.
When he went to catch Chikara.
Chikara
which movie was that? Which movie was that?
What a name he gave her Chikara friend.
Tell me about that film.
But it is so similar.
Yes.
Chikara.
We had gone to raid it. The gazelle had fled.
Dude, he looks exactly like the
Chikara from the movies. Who has
seen that movie, friend?
What is happening to that case by the way? It is
happening, it is happening, everything is happening.
You are seeing everything Avinash, ever since the new year has come in our lives,
sometimes we get Kattappa and sometimes we get Chikara. Do
n't you remember the last Kattappa
Designer Kattappa? Hey, have you forgotten?
Hey brother, how are you finding it? Did you
forget designer Kattappa?
Dude, that interior designer Kattappa.
Oh [laughs] and now there's all these gazelles, I do
n't understand why we're getting these. Whom were you trying to beat and chase away
?
Brother, please buy clothes for the children. Oh, I still have
n't received some things. I have not found the inner
T-shirt which has
buttons at the bottom. It's
a bit difficult, friend, with baby clothes on,
I think, is
n't it? And they also became two each. [laughter]
Joke
straight up joke joke washed away?
This was a joke in jest.
No friend, it is what
I feel will happen in the future.
It's not easy, friend. I have a feeling that they will go ahead and
fight and even die among themselves. He is wearing it
and I haven't got it. All this is going to happen
in our house. I have a feeling that
they are just becoming capable of walking. Will you fall while running?
Sometimes something is falling from the table. You
break it every day while crossing it.
I will get my f released. It will be fun. He is
very genuine
brother. Right now I am having so much fun. Avinash,
friend. Avinash. Maybe we will go to see Ganpati this evening. Will you go?
If Avinash is free, then
call me. It
depends. Tell me. Avinash, today Vinash has
not even gone.
You call me as soon as you are free. I will tell you.
If he has not gone, then he will not
go. Vinash, if he is late, then he did
not take diapers. Okay, this is my job. I
get this to buy diapers or to
buy clothes. Did you ever think that you would
ever be used for this purpose.
How are you being used?
What should I do? Friend,
uncle, uncle, uncle, uncle will seem like uncle, uncle, brother. Brother, brother,
okay,
don't make too many uncles and uncles. We are still small. Yes, they will
call you uncle, right? Why will they
call you uncle, but
why will they
call you bhaiya, why will they call you bhaiya,
for them you are very elder,
yes I am elder, right now
Avinash, uncle, uncle, uncle, I will not
call him uncle,
yes, uncle,
yes, you are not my elder brother,
bhaiya, okay, so till now
we have never tied rakhi to each
other, how did you become brother, you are my behnni
hawa, that's all you
can call me bhaiya, you
became my behnni hawa brother, then my [laughs] brother, there is an
abuse in Punjabi, na, pahni
hawa, Sindhi manush, uncle, that's all you can
call him uncle, you can also be uncle,
papa's younger brother, papa's younger brother,
how did I become uncle,
how did you not become uncle,
we were avoiding uncle, when you reached there,
say uncle, why did you make yourself smaller than Avinash,
bhaiya, bhaiya,
okay, uncle, akal [laughs] akal, they will call
you akal, uncle, akal, you will
not become uncle's buckle again Open the door
[laughs] and see,
our children can do anything, you will
find out later, right now they are quite calm, they are of calm
nature, but I do
n't know what will happen later, they are calm right now. They are kids. Let
them grow up a little. When you
run away, you will speak from one room. Don't
scare me. Ok. This is not fear.
You will have a lot of fun.
Yes, that's fine.
Because the fun will be that you will neither be able to
say anything to them nor do anything on your own. Let's tell the world.
Yes, we tell the world.
What will you do with the children?
So sister had given me these, these were the
rumpers. I brought this last time. Isn't it
? You just gave me these pajamas
which have become too small. This
third thing, sister,
was not available right now, so I will
go again for this one. But now let
me show you what I have brought. So sister, now the
rampos that you got directly, it means that the
size was so big that it was happening in just one week.
So this is coming right now. So
after this the size is just a little bigger than this.
So I said I will take the bigger one. I have
taken a big one.
Yes. So the first thing I have taken is this
color. Look at this.
Ok. This size is fine.
Is good.
Next color. First of all,
sister, just look at its material.
This one is the second one. Papa, look
how beautiful it is, this is Gungunu's, no no,
it is both of them's, this is hers, it is
Yuggu's, it is pink for Gungun,
just look at its material, it is
soft, you will know only after looking at it, it is
very soft, is
n't it, it is just like butter, isn't it, it is
butter, just butter, second this is fine,
third this is oh my
god, it is so beautiful,
yes this I love Papa, this is Gungun's,
this is Gungun's, okay, this one is red in colour,
I liked it very much. I took this. Can
wear both.
Yes, either of them can wear this.
Both one day that's
for my Yugu. The banana
is very beautiful.
Yes, this banana is so cute, isn't it sister?
I have also brought some of these which are open from the bottom.
Yes, all that is going to be revealed.
This is from Ye Yugu. Same thing.
Very beautiful.
Same print. The color is different. Look, the
child needs cloth, but a lot of cloth, a lot of cloth. If I had got it,
I would have bought more. Butt
is fine. I found this. It is very cool, it is very nice for me, it is a
bean of Igu,
yes, but I have brought all these big ones and this
one is
very cute,
Gungun will wear it,
anyone can wear it, this one I have brought is
cool, it is enough, it is enough right now,
okay, here are the pajamas, he
said that for diapers, we need the ones at the back, that
means we need a little bigger one,
sister, the elastic, he is saying that the
elastic which is single, it is only
available in the new born, none is available in the ones after this, I am
saying that if you
want it, then there are many of these. Now
look, look at the difference in size, I
said it is
not fitting at all, it is getting tight, so it is
okay, this is right, it is
perfect, I have
brought this one, okay, secondly I have brought this, I have brought the
same
beautiful chundar cloth,
thirdly I have brought a
nice colour, mommy has brought it,
yes, among many clothes, I have
brought the fourth one, now look, as you think, I have brought the blue
colour, mainly keeping Yug in mind, I have
taken this one, I have worn this
with it, this can also be a t-shirt,
this t-shirt can go, many clothes can go. A
lot of clothes can go. He is saying that
you should try it once. This is his
t-shirt with the top buttons open. Look at this one. Isn't it
?
Is carefree. Is carefree.
This one and I got a this one. He said
try this one also. It will be like this from now on.
They say if you find it right then
you can take it. This
thing was not available this time. So I got this. Do you
know why I take it, sister? When he does it like this on top. The
cloth goes up, it doesn't go up. Just
look at this.
These are the right size. These are not too big, they are
big, but it is okay, Didi, like this Didi, you
see, all those that you are wearing right now are for
one to three months,
now these are three to six,
yes, okay, if these people get it done in 10-15 days, then
this will be done Didi, it will be done
because that is not beneficial, take the same thing and
see, see how much difference there is, one is
what is coming till now, now this is straight,
after that if I see this,
after that you will get only three to six, right
Didi, this is it
and if I wear this with it, then it is making this much
difference.
Yes, isn't it okay, sister? A little loose. He is still kicking and screaming.
Sister, there is not much difference right now.
Ok.
No, no, hands.
Ok.
Look, it has become wider too, child. He is kicking and screaming because he could
n't find Gungun's diaper. Diaper now I'll
look at it again. Isn't it? Yes. But
sister, this is right.
Yes, that's right. Isn't it right? I am saying the
right thing.
Children are growing taller rapidly.
Look, I just brought this. And these
started getting tight for them. So now this
is correct. A little.
And this is such lovely material, isn't it, sister?
You will enjoy it a lot.
Very good,
my mom and dad have made me wear this rum again, the
pink one is so beautiful,
which one, this one I
love,
I also liked this banana one very much,
very cute, cute friend, children's
things are so cute, so there is
no need to get them changed, he says if you want to get them
changed then you can get them done, so there is
no need to get them changed, come on, let's go and get it done,
brother, the children's clothes are done, wash them, they have to wear them nicely
because Guddu will wear this, sister, when you will make them
wear this, then make them both
wear a blue one together, this one is for Guddu
and
where did this same thing go? Look at this.
This happened to Gungun.
I will not do anything wrong with the children. There should be
beans with both. Yes, you
look so cute. These are very cute
catch catch. Here, hold one, two, three.
This shopkeeper searched for the cloth, look at it, the
cloth should be like this only. I didn't
find it, sister, and if I had, I would
not have brought it. I would have brought 15-20 of these.
Like butter.
Brother, if you go then bring the
children together. Now I have come to know.
If I get angry now, then see what havoc it will create. Did
I ever think
that I would also be thinking that I have to buy children's
clothes and I should go abroad and buy children
's clothes. Oh [ __ ] man, this is amazing.
I always wondered
why parents go so crazy about
buying good clothes for their children. What is it? Children are
children. Now I understand
that as long as children look cute and
come in front of you, you go crazy, friend.
Now how much should I give to me and give this to Avinash also,
Avinash does not have so many clothes, he is
not wearing them. He still takes interest
in these things. It's not like that. The Father does take interest.
Yes, after giving milk, my Yuggu has
come in my lap and since he is in my lap, he is
taking ice, so look at him,
what all is he doing here, come here, come here, come here
and he wants me to
come in his lap quickly, since then
I have stopped him,
he is sitting to come in my lap, saying move
Yugarth away, now I am
coming, I am coming, Coco, now will you come in my lap,
mummy, come, come, my son,
now he had to come in my lap, since the last half an
hour, ever since he drank milk, he has been saying that he has to
come in my lap. I have to
come to the dock. Now I took him for the sake of barbarity,
Yugarth, so he is saying that he doesn't
want it anymore. I am done. Come Coco, come,
I will come son.
Come, come my son. Aaja is a very lovely son.
I will come if I move away.
Come my son, come.
Go, come, mom called you. I am sitting with my chanting open.
Come my son, come. Go. Yes my son,
come.
Yes. Give me a couple of slaps. Don't be beyond. To die.
Hey, how did I become so happy
? Happy Happy Doggy Happy Happy
Doggy Is it done? Happy Happy Doggy is it done
? Papa will come very late today brother.
Papa is coming very late today.
Left mommy alone. Papa said Papa will come at
11:00. Till then, mom is there, she will
play a little with the children.
Mom has not taken Gungun yet. So now
mom will make Yugu lie down for a while and then take Gunnu. And today's blog will end here. See you
tomorrow with Avinash. Till tomorrow,
do like, share, comment and
subscribe to our YouTube channel. Aaja aaja aaja aaja, he is
coming, he is coming to fight, to
fight, I
see, he has done what he had to do,
fights, I mean, he has taken my children in his hands, so
he has to do something, if it is
not badtameez, she has fought, she is
ready to fight, badtameez,
I will catch him,
otherwise I would have killed Candy right now [laughs]
these people will kill him, bloody, he is
going, badtameez, he is
still angry, let him go.
Dum
