Come on Meena, sit quickly.  [MUSIC] Oh, help me, somebody help me. Oh, help me, somebody help me. Oh, help me, somebody help me. Hey brother, what happened brother?  What happened?  I was Hey brother, what happened brother?  What happened?  I was Hey brother, what happened brother?  What happened?  I was taking my younger brother to the doctor taking my younger brother to the doctor taking my younger brother to the doctor and this accident happened. and this accident happened. and this accident happened. Brother, her body is so hot. Brother, her body is so hot. Brother, her body is so hot. Brother, he had fever, that's why I was going to the doctor. Brother, he had fever, that's why I was going to the doctor. Brother, I am a small doctor.  I will bring down the fever here. Brother, I am a small doctor.  I will bring down the fever here. Yes brother, bring down the fever.  It will be very kind of you. Yes brother, bring down the fever.  It will be very kind of you. Look, his body has cooled down. Look, his body has cooled down. Look, his body has cooled down. Hey you quack doctor, you will kill my brother. Hey you quack doctor, you will kill my brother. Hey you quack doctor, you will kill my brother. Doctor sir, please save my brother, Doctor sir, please save my brother, Doctor sir, please save my brother, doctor sir.  You stay here. doctor sir.  You stay here. doctor sir.  You stay here. Wait, be patient.   The patient needs blood.  You patient needs blood.  You patient needs blood.  You bring blood quickly.  Yes doctor sir, I will bring the blood right away.  The bring blood quickly.  Yes doctor sir, I will bring the blood right away.  The bring blood quickly.  Yes doctor sir, I will bring the blood right away.  The doctor brought the blood.   He doctor brought the blood.   He doctor brought the blood.   He brought the blood very quickly.  Doctor sir, this is brought the blood very quickly.  Doctor sir, this is brought the blood very quickly.  Doctor sir, this is fake blood. fake blood. fake blood. Hey crazy people, how will you burn fake blood? Hey crazy people, how will you burn fake blood? Hey crazy people, how will you burn fake blood? Hey doctor sir, you know it is fake blood. Hey doctor sir, you know it is fake blood. Hey doctor sir, you know it is fake blood. We know it's fake blood.  But my We know it's fake blood.  But my We know it's fake blood.  But my brother doesn't know that it is fake blood.