My beautiful summer look explained simply for My beautiful summer look explained simply for My beautiful summer look explained simply for you: First, I put my you: First, I put my you: First, I put my hair up in a nice hairstyle. hair up in a nice hairstyle. hair up in a nice hairstyle. Next, I take my Next, I take my Next, I take my concealer, which I also use concealer, which I also use concealer, which I also use as a base for eyeshadow. I simply dab a as a base for eyeshadow. I simply dab a as a base for eyeshadow. I simply dab a little on my eyelid, blend it in with my little on my eyelid, blend it in with my little on my eyelid, blend it in with my fingers, and then fingers, and then fingers, and then set it with powder. With my eyebrow pencil, set it with powder. With my eyebrow pencil, set it with powder. With my eyebrow pencil, I first comb through my I first comb through my I first comb through my eyebrows and fill them in eyebrows and fill them in eyebrows and fill them in where I where I where I need a little more definition. I apply a matte, light eyeshadow need a little more definition. I apply a matte, light eyeshadow need a little more definition. I apply a matte, light eyeshadow directly under my eyebrow to directly under my eyebrow to directly under my eyebrow to visually lift it. On my eyelid, I apply visually lift it. On my eyelid, I apply visually lift it. On my eyelid, I apply a really a really a really beautiful matte rose shade – perfect for beautiful matte rose shade – perfect for beautiful matte rose shade – perfect for summer! I also add a little rose shimmer to my eyes, specifically to summer! I also add a little rose shimmer to my eyes, specifically to the inner corners of my eyes. the inner corners of my eyes. the inner corners of my eyes. By the way, you can also By the way, you can also By the way, you can also use the eyebrow pencil instead of eyeliner and use the eyebrow pencil instead of eyeliner and use the eyebrow pencil instead of eyeliner and simply add simply add simply add a little more definition to your lash line at the outer corners.