What's going on everybody? Welcome back to another one. And in this video, we're going to be doing a little bit of a product review on one of my all-time favorite products. Okay, we're going to be reviewing the Lifetime Tamarack 10-foot fishing kayak. This is the first kayak that I ever purchased. And I have a lot of very, very good things to say about it. And being that I've had this thing for so long, I know the ins and outs of this kayak. And I think that you guys are going to love it. So what we're going to do, we're going to jump on the water and talk about what I think of it. And we're also going to do a little bit of fishing. Hopefully we can hook up on some big fish this afternoon as well. But we're going to jump right into the action and talk about what I think of this thing. So let's get on the water. All right, here we go. Onward. Perfect. Off we go. Oh, yeah. It feels good to be out in the kayak again. I actually haven't been out in my lifetime kayak in just a little while. And it feels good. I tell you what. But I really wanted to just jump into things with you guys. And I want to talk about all things Lifetime Tamarack kayak. Okay, this thing is honestly pretty cool. Coming in at like 370 bucks on Amazon. This thing is a super affordable kayak that honestly does great on the water. It's tough to find in my experience an affordable kayak that doesn't break the bank and does kind of everything that you want it to. And the Lifetime Tamarack kayak, the 10-foot fishing kayak, is kind of it. Now, obviously, these are things I changed about it. Yeah, maybe. But it has a lot of pros to it that a lot of other kayaks don't. And honestly, a lot of higher end kayaks don't. Because I've been fishing with my Outlaw 11.5-foot kayak recently. And I love that kayak. And if you guys want to check it out, I did do a product review on that as well. And I'll link that above. But this kayak is so lightweight. It's incredibly easy to carry around by yourself. And you don't have to worry about needing a second person to help you lug it along and that kind of thing. It's super fast tracking in the water because of how light it is. And it's really good for dunking in just about any body of water. If you're looking to do some backyard kayak fishing in the ponds nearby or something like that, it'll get the job done. Because you can drag it quite a long ways. And I've fished a lot of bodies of water with this thing where I had to drag this quarter mile, half a mile, that kind of thing. And it works great. I can't say good enough things about it, honestly. Now, as far as how sturdy this kayak is, it could use a little bit of work. It is a little bit tippy. I probably wouldn't stand in it. Now, if you're younger and you have pretty good balance, you can probably get away with standing in it. I have stood in this kayak before. I just don't really recommend it unless you're okay with going for a little swim. It might happen. But because of how lightweight this kayak is, you can paddle really fast with it. I mean, it really gets moving in the water. And that's super cool because a lot of the higher end fishing kayaks, they're really, really heavy. And they track really slow in the water. This thing, you can get to your fishing spots super fast because of how easily this thing moves throughout the water. I also did want to say, if you guys like these product review videos, make sure that you subscribe to the channel because we have a lot more reviews coming on all kinds of fishing equipment. Okay. Fishing reels, fishing rods, combos. I do have another secret kayak that I am going to be reviewing in the near future because it's a pretty, pretty cool one. Little bit different though. But if you guys want to subscribe to the channel, check that out and make sure you do so. So let's jump back into it. A couple of the things that I really do like about this kayak is it has spots to put your feet up here. So if you're super, super tall, you can put your feet down on the end there. Or if you're shorter like me, you can put your feet up closer and there's at least spots to put your feet, which is kind of nice. Now there's three different rod holders in this kayak. Now I don't have mine on here right now, which is a bit unfortunate, but you can put a rod holder in here. And if you want to do like some trolling or something like that, you actually can because the rod sits in it. It can stick out to the side or behind you and that kind of thing, which is super cool. And then there's two rod holders behind you, one there and one there. So really when you're fishing with this thing, you can bring three fishing poles with you at all times and really have all of your stuff dialed in so that you're not constantly changing lures and that kind of thing. Another notable mention for this kayak is it is a sit on top kayak, which is great for fishing. You don't only want to fish in a kayak where you're sitting way down inside the kayak, almost in the water this way. You're really free to move around and you don't have to worry about, you know, finding your baits inside the kayak and that kind of thing. Everything's out in the open and you're on top of the water. And honestly, the seats pretty comfortable. I like the seat a lot. I can sit in the kayak all day and not have an issue, which I know is a big problem in a lot of kayaks is they have uncomfortable seats and that kind of thing. There's a couple of draw straps so you can adjust how far back you want to lean or how far forward you want to sit, which is kind of nice to have that just because, you know, sometimes you feel like, you know, kind of relaxing and leaning back a little bit. And this seat lets you do that. And a lot of other kayak seats, you know, sometimes don't. There we go. There's a fish. Oh, yeah. Yes, sir. Look at the old lifetime kayak really coming in clutch. Oh, come on, bud. Not a very big one, but we'll take it. Get up in here. There we are. Very nice. So as you guys can see, the kayak handles catching fish quite easily. I mean, that's just a little one pounder or something like that. But we'll see you later, buddy. All in all, though, I mean, if you're looking to catch fish in a kayak and you're not looking to break the bank, this kayak will definitely do it for you. I have no reason to believe that really you don't need a whole lot more when you're fishing in a kayak. I mean, yeah, this guy is kind of the limit. But honestly, there's a lot of videos out there of guys, you know, doing modifications to these kayaks as well. And there's a lot of stuff you can do to make them super, super cool, which I would definitely recommend checking out. There's a lot of cool modifications of these kayaks that guys have out there. I mean, they'll they'll put, you know, trolling motors on them and fish finders and all that kind of stuff. So, you know, just because it's a cheaper end kayak does not mean that there's not a lot of stuff that you can do with it. But all in all, guys, if you're looking for a budget kayak fishing setup, I would say that the Lifetime Tamarack 10 foot fishing kayak is definitely a contender in the budget kayak space with it being the sit on top kayak like it is. It makes for some very, very easy fishing. And honestly, I love it. I think it does a great job on the water. It handles super easily and it's lightweight and all in all just a super deal because on Amazon for 379 bucks, you can get this thing with a paddle and it comes delivered right to your front doorstep and then you're ready to go fishing. So I hope you guys enjoyed the video. And if you did, make sure you smash the like button and subscribe to the channel for more product reviews in the future. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.