Do not make such a mistake while making this Kathi Roll. Do not make such a mistake while making this Kathi Roll. Do not make such a mistake while making this Kathi Roll. Today Riya felt like Today Riya felt like Today Riya felt like eating Kathi roll.  So she comes and tells me, Mummy, please eating Kathi roll.  So she comes and tells me, Mummy, please eating Kathi roll.  So she comes and tells me, Mummy, please make extra roti.  That's why I make extra roti.  That's why I make extra roti.  That's why I make extra rotis and keep them.  Then I make extra rotis and keep them.  Then I make extra rotis and keep them.  Then I take two tablespoons of curd, add salt, Kashmiri red take two tablespoons of curd, add salt, Kashmiri red take two tablespoons of curd, add salt, Kashmiri red chilli, turmeric and garam masala and chilli, turmeric and garam masala and chilli, turmeric and garam masala and mix it well.  And after adding cheese, I keep it aside to mix it well.  And after adding cheese, I keep it aside to mix it well.  And after adding cheese, I keep it aside to rest for 10 minutes.  And till then I rest for 10 minutes.  And till then I rest for 10 minutes.  And till then I cut all the vegetables and cut all the vegetables and cut all the vegetables and cook them a little in butter.  And if you want, you cook them a little in butter.  And if you want, you cook them a little in butter.  And if you want, you can also add onion in it.  Then can also add onion in it.  Then can also add onion in it.  Then add paneer in it and keep it on high flame for 5-10 minutes add paneer in it and keep it on high flame for 5-10 minutes add paneer in it and keep it on high flame for 5-10 minutes so that all its water dries up.  But don't so that all its water dries up.  But don't so that all its water dries up.  But don't spend too much on it otherwise all the spend too much on it otherwise all the spend too much on it otherwise all the cheese will break, which I have already broken. cheese will break, which I have already broken. cheese will break, which I have already broken. Then took the roti, applied cream and chutney and Then took the roti, applied cream and chutney and Then took the roti, applied cream and chutney and put cheese on top.  Then roasted it a little on the pan. put cheese on top.  Then roasted it a little on the pan. put cheese on top.  Then roasted it a little on the pan. And when it was given to Riya to eat, she And when it was given to Riya to eat, she And when it was given to Riya to eat, she liked it so much that she finished two rolls.  On liked it so much that she finished two rolls.  On liked it so much that she finished two rolls.  On top of that they say, top of that they say, top of that they say, Mom, please pay back for school also. Mom, please pay back for school also. Mom, please pay back for school also. And please do tell me in the comments And please do tell me in the comments And please do tell me in the comments who likes my recipe?  Radhe Radhe.