I studied in class 4, farming, chicka soil, my I studied in class 4, farming, chicka soil, my I studied in class 4, farming, chicka soil, my grandson, I am attached to mother earth, I love you, those grandson, I am attached to mother earth, I love you, those grandson, I am attached to mother earth, I love you, those bastards living in the city, bastards living in the city, bastards living in the city, see the rice, see the rice, see the rice, yes, yes, yes, I am there, take the rice home, what, go to the I am there, take the rice home, what, go to the I am there, take the rice home, what, go to the fields, go to fields, go to fields, go to school, it's time, school, it's time, school, it's time, go, only then go, only then go, only then I will do some work [music] I will do some work [music] come on hey brother, [ __ ] me, Mary, then which one is hey brother, [ __ ] me, Mary, then which one is hey brother, [ __ ] me, Mary, then which one is heavy, brother, throw it, heavy, brother, throw it, heavy, brother, throw it, see, come and throw it, the last one [ laughs] you lost it, laughs] you lost it, laughs] you lost it, brother, if you don't kill me, you beat me like this [laughs] hello, hello, hello, where are you, I am going to plant the sapling, where are you, I am going to plant the sapling, listen, I have to meet you, I have five minutes, listen, I have to meet you, I have five minutes, listen, I have to meet you, I have five minutes, hey, no time is wasted, wait, wait, make excuses, hey, no time is wasted, wait, wait, make excuses, hey, no time is wasted, wait, wait, make excuses, Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, yes, hey, bring your grandson home, it's been Papa, yes, hey, bring your grandson home, it's been Papa, yes, hey, bring your grandson home, it's been 15 days since I got him admitted in school, I went to your house, 15 days since I got him admitted in school, I went to your house, 15 days since I got him admitted in school, I went to your house, yesterday I got him admitted, yesterday I got him admitted, yesterday I got him admitted, son. son. son. Okay, come on Koiya, wait, I have to apply it.  Come on Okay, come on Koiya, wait, I have to apply it.  Come on Okay, come on Koiya, wait, I have to apply it.  Come on fire, I will follow you.  Yes yes, I am taking it, I am going. fire, I will follow you.  Yes yes, I am taking it, I am going. fire, I will follow you.  Yes yes, I am taking it, I am going. Listen, take it, I am keeping it. Listen, take it, I am keeping it. Hey come Babu come come please come urgently Hey come Babu come come please come urgently Hey come Babu come come please come urgently come. come. come. Take it, okay.  Listen, those fields on the other side, Take it, okay.  Listen, those fields on the other side, Take it, okay.  Listen, those fields on the other side, yes, there yes, there yes, there is a crow tree on the other side [Music] I will is a crow tree on the other side [Music] I will is a crow tree on the other side [Music] I will meet you there at 1:00 pm, that's the time.   Yes yes I took it meet you there at 1:00 pm, that's the time.   Yes yes I took it meet you there at 1:00 pm, that's the time.   Yes yes I took it quickly. quickly. Hey Kaka, I felt like I got a lot [Music] Who is it son?  The Sarpanch's Tori Babu Who is it son?  The Sarpanch's Tori Babu Who is it son?  The Sarpanch's Tori Babu 's 's 's father is holding a box, father is holding a box, father is holding a box, son, I have sown the saplings, yes, yes, son, I have sown the saplings, yes, yes, get rid of it [laughs] what have you done, we should get the fields shaved [laughs] what has happened to that Kanhaiya daughter, even Baba Ramdev's Kanhaiya daughter, even Baba Ramdev's Kanhaiya daughter, even Baba Ramdev's medicine doesn't work, hey medicine doesn't work, hey medicine doesn't work, hey Dokra, you couldn't dig the forest, you are ruining my life, Dokra, you couldn't dig the forest, you are ruining my life, hey, don't drink, Dokri, everyone goes to the forest shop, so is there not hey, don't drink, Dokri, everyone goes to the forest shop, so is there not hey, don't drink, Dokri, everyone goes to the forest shop, so is there not one in the village, when does everyone in the village one in the village, when does everyone in the village one in the village, when does everyone in the village go to the shop, go to the shop, go to the shop, hey Dokri, don't spoil my mind, you make me hey Dokri, don't spoil my mind, you make me hey Dokri, don't spoil my mind, you make me drink the ghost, drink the ghost, drink the ghost, and where did you go, stale and where did you go, stale and where did you go, stale Dokra, yes, yes, don't do it, don't feed me, ting ting, come, Dokra, yes, yes, don't do it, don't feed me, ting ting, come, Dokra, yes, yes, don't do it, don't feed me, ting ting, come, fight, call your friend and plant the saplings, here, fight, call your friend and plant the saplings, here, fight, call your friend and plant the saplings, here, now the makeup lady, I am going home, sow the saplings, apply the makeup, the now the makeup lady, I am going home, sow the saplings, apply the makeup, the stale lady, stale lady, stale lady, hey, come, you are hungry, you bastard, wave it, you basira, keep waving, hey, come, you are hungry, you bastard, wave it, you basira, keep waving, hey, come, you are hungry, you bastard, wave it, you basira, keep waving, where did you get the hunger from, where did you get the hunger from, where did you get the hunger from, hey, plant the liquor in the field, wave it completely, hey, plant the liquor in the field, wave it completely, hey, plant the liquor in the field, wave it completely, come now, you smartly, kill come now, you smartly, kill come now, you smartly, kill my property, take care of my property, I bastard, don't my property, take care of my property, I bastard, don't my property, take care of my property, I bastard, don't come to the field for one day, and my mischief, mischief, come to the field for one day, and my mischief, mischief, come to the field for one day, and my mischief, mischief, Babu, property, property,  Yes yes I have Babu, property, property,  Yes yes I have two properties, put a saw two properties, put a saw two properties, put a saw Oh Mummy I want to stay away from this dust and clay, Oh Mummy I want to stay away from this dust and clay, Oh Mummy I want to stay away from this dust and clay, oh then put the money, all the money, how should I put it, oh then put the money, all the money, how should I put it, oh then put the money, all the money, how should I put it, plant two saplings, if there are flowers and plant two saplings, if there are flowers and plant two saplings, if there are flowers and paddy properly, then if it is not done properly, tell me, measure it completely with a tape, paddy properly, then if it is not done properly, tell me, measure it completely with a tape, oh Babu tell me exactly the size, are you scared of the size, oh Babu tell me exactly the size, are you scared of the size, oh Babu tell me exactly the size, are you scared of the size, oh wait wait equal, wait wait, sorry oh wait wait equal, wait wait, sorry oh wait wait equal, wait wait, sorry Babu sorry sorry, I abused you, sorry Babu sorry sorry, oh Babu sorry sorry, I abused you, sorry Babu sorry sorry, oh Babu sorry sorry, I abused you, sorry Babu sorry sorry, oh why quickly call a tractor, I will take the other why quickly call a tractor, I will take the other why quickly call a tractor, I will take the other contract, how didi, contract, how didi, contract, how didi, oh put it, Didi, sit and sit, sit the other contract, oh put it, Didi, sit and sit, sit the other contract, oh put it, Didi, sit and sit, sit the other contract, trust me, oh trust me, oh trust me, oh look, yes, turn on the speaker [music], hey, there is speaker [music], hey, there is speaker [music], hey, there is all the sugar here, oh why didn't you all the sugar here, oh why didn't you all the sugar here, oh why didn't you enter, son, hold the rice and son, hold the rice and son, hold the rice and earn, then earn, then earn, then I will earn and eat, then put the tractor, oh I will earn and eat, then put the tractor, oh I will earn and eat, then put the tractor, oh no, Banhaar, listening to the talk, Murmuri, oh no, Banhaar, listening to the talk, Murmuri, oh no, Banhaar, listening to the talk, Murmuri, oh no no no brother, reach the fields in five minutes, brother, reach the fields in five minutes, brother, reach the fields in five minutes, come quickly, Banhaar is standing in the field, go to the other field, come quickly, Banhaar is standing in the field, go to the other field, come quickly, Banhaar is standing in the field, go to the other field, come quickly, I am come quickly, I am come quickly, I am hungry, eat, oh wait, hungry, eat, oh wait, hungry, eat, oh wait, Didi, I am not ready to eat right now, go straight, come, oh Didi, I am not ready to eat right now, go straight, come, oh wait, Uncle, wait, Didi, I will wait, Uncle, wait, Didi, I will wait, Uncle, wait, Didi, I will reach the fields in five minutes, reach the fields in five minutes, reach the fields in five minutes, oh wait  The oh wait  The oh wait  The traders have run away, all the tractor owners are traders have run away, all the tractor owners are traders have run away, all the tractor owners are not there, oh all the tractor owners, tell me not there, oh all the tractor owners, tell me not there, oh all the tractor owners, tell me Raja, let's go, Raja, let's go, Raja, let's go, all the traders are going, I'm running away, I do all the traders are going, I'm running away, I do all the traders are going, I'm running away, I do n't get ready, when I have to do something, I do it [laughs] hey, it's enough, come on, come on, come on, [laughs] hey, it's enough, come on, come on, come on, [laughs] hey, it's enough, come on, come on, come on, Jai Bajrangbali, Jai Bajrangbali, Panchu is coming behind, yes brother, you should not miss your uncle, so worry about it, do free work, and on top of that shouting, be quiet, burst, hey, if the rain has fallen, go and explain it to me first, bring the Ekdari and take it, send the Machhil, come here and Panchu is coming behind, yes brother, you should not miss your uncle, so worry about it, do free work, and on top of that shouting, be quiet, burst, hey, if the rain has fallen, go and explain it to me first, bring the Ekdari and take it, send the Machhil, come here and Panchu is coming behind, yes brother, you should not miss your uncle, so worry about it, do free work, and on top of that shouting, be quiet, burst, hey, if the rain has fallen, go and explain it to me first, bring the Ekdari and take it, send the Machhil, come here and see and eat the chakhala, hey, it has not see and eat the chakhala, hey, it has not see and eat the chakhala, hey, it has not fallen, friend, I'm going, oh what, oh fallen, friend, I'm going, oh what, oh fallen, friend, I'm going, oh what, oh Babu, yes Babu, Babu, yes Babu, Babu, yes Babu, where are you, Babu, come to the where are you, Babu, come to the where are you, Babu, come to the office, Babu, there is some work left, are you done, office, Babu, there is some work left, are you done, office, Babu, there is some work left, are you done, tell me, oh go to the tell me, oh go to the tell me, oh go to the field, come quickly, won't you meet, oh field, come quickly, won't you meet, oh field, come quickly, won't you meet, oh you come a little later, Babu, you haven't got it, Babu, turn your you come a little later, Babu, you haven't got it, Babu, turn your you come a little later, Babu, you haven't got it, Babu, turn your career around, run away, oh career around, run away, oh career around, run away, oh how can this happen, turn your career around, tell me, come how can this happen, turn your career around, tell me, come how can this happen, turn your career around, tell me, come quickly, quickly, quickly, hello, hello, wait, wait, I don't have a hello, hello, wait, wait, I don't have a hello, hello, wait, wait, I don't have a car, car, car, listen Karan brother, listen Karan brother, listen Karan brother, come on, I don't have a car, I won't give it to you, I come on, I don't have a car, I won't give it to you, I come on, I don't have a car, I won't give it to you, I know about the car, Babu, hit the top, know about the car, Babu, hit the top, know about the car, Babu, hit the top, okay, that's fine  I am the same name, right okay, that's fine  I am the same name, right okay, that's fine  I am the same name, right Babu, tell me about it, joking Manish Bhai, hold the Babu, tell me about it, joking Manish Bhai, hold the Babu, tell me about it, joking Manish Bhai, hold the keys now, yes now, yes now, yes Babu, hey, I will Babu, hey, I will Babu, hey, I will talk to you later, pay attention on the first road, talk to you later, pay attention on the first road, nothing, hey, there should not be any nothing, hey, there should not be any nothing, hey, there should not be any scratch, I will tell you, hey, lying down, scratch, I will tell you, hey, lying down, scratch, I will tell you, hey, lying down, helicopter, bullet, drive hello, hello, hello, hey time, hey hey time, hey hey time, hey hold your hand, walk, mother, if not dokra, hey mother, if not dokra, hey mother, if not dokra, hey chota, come on chota, come on chota, come on baba, take the bhaangha, bring the gundi, go and fill water gundi, go and fill water gundi, go and fill water didi, how do I fill water, didi, how do I fill water, didi, how do I fill water, how do I bring it, I am not hungry, by the way Lali, how do I bring it, I am not hungry, by the way Lali, how do I bring it, I am not hungry, by the way Lali, all the water is empty, then take a all the water is empty, then take a all the water is empty, then take a bath, I will do all the household work, bath, I will do all the household work, bath, I will do all the household work, like take a bath, see, give water to the whole house, take a like take a bath, see, give water to the whole house, take a like take a bath, see, give water to the whole house, take a bath, wash the clothes, bring water, and if I don't bring it, then I will bath, wash the clothes, bring water, and if I don't bring it, then I will bath, wash the clothes, bring water, and if I don't bring it, then I will eat tomorrow and wash the clothes, fill water [music] how do it, hey water [music] how do it, hey water [music] how do it, hey see the heat, take a bath, how do I fill water, how do I fill water, how do I fill water, I will fill it on the way. I will fill it on the way. I will fill it on the way. Hey, give us something we don't have.  Naha naha us something we don't have.  Naha naha us something we don't have.  Naha naha [laughs] wala pe wala pehla baad jaa bhaiya go bhaiya ke sa bhaiya bhaiya bhaiya snatch it and go home snatch it and go home snatch it and go home hey just hey just hey just after one go home after one go home after one go home hey bhaiya come on cut it papa doesn't want to snatch it hey bhaiya come on cut it papa doesn't want to snatch it hey bhaiya come on cut it papa doesn't want to snatch it yes i said it is okay come on bastard cut it yes i said it is okay come on bastard cut it yes i said it is okay come on bastard cut it yes come on brother what has happened brother has gone crazy brother has gone crazy brother has gone crazy now now now cut the gold power I was passing time by cutting one. cut the gold power I was passing time by cutting one. cut the gold power I was passing time by cutting one. Yes, someday be careful Chand, come and cut it, Yes, someday be careful Chand, come and cut it, Yes, someday be careful Chand, come and cut it, give it to me, dhar dhar give it to me, dhar dhar give it to me, dhar dhar dhar, you bastard, catch it, dhar, you bastard, catch it, dhar, you bastard, catch it, now cut it, you tried to be smart now cut it, you tried to be smart now cut it, you tried to be smart [Music] Didn't wake up, hit me first, you bastard, son, you are not blind, you son, you are not blind, you son, you are not blind, you bastard [Laughter] What are you, go to sleep early, son, understood, eat fish tomorrow, yes, sleep early, son, understood, eat fish tomorrow, yes, sleep early, son, understood, eat fish tomorrow, yes, fish, all of you are sleeping in the field fish, all of you are sleeping in the field fish, all of you are sleeping in the field Dada, Dada, Dada, Amma is Amma is Amma is selling tickets in her hand, and we were partners, selling tickets in her hand, and we were partners, selling tickets in her hand, and we were partners, come, arrange for water, air, tiredness, kill the son come, arrange for water, air, tiredness, kill the son come, arrange for water, air, tiredness, kill the son fish [Music] That queen son fish, son fish, that fish [Music] That queen son fish, son fish, that fish [Music] That queen son fish, son fish, that queen son [Music] Fish, let's queen son [Music] Fish, let's queen son [Music] Fish, let's stay quickly, daughter, it's delicious, sweet stay quickly, daughter, it's delicious, sweet stay quickly, daughter, it's delicious, sweet Be Lal, take it, boo, Dada, cut it, Be Lal, take it, boo, Dada, cut it, Be Lal, take it, boo, Dada, cut it, okay, fish, saag, churka, yes, yes, it's okay, fish, saag, churka, yes, yes, it's okay, fish, saag, churka, yes, yes, it's churned, eat it now, churned, eat it now, churned, eat it now, fry it now fry it now fry it now Fish, it's a queen, okay, hit it, Fish, it's a queen, okay, hit it, Fish, it's a queen, okay, hit it, uncle, uncle, uncle, yes, hello, uncle, there is a problem yes, hello, uncle, there is a problem yes, hello, uncle, there is a problem in your in-laws' house, and your father is a student, give it to me in your in-laws' house, and your father is a student, give it to me in your in-laws' house, and your father is a student, give it to me quickly, come, quickly, come, quickly, come, Bapu, let's run, give me Sudha Masi, Babu, I am dying give me Sudha Masi, Babu, I am dying give me Sudha Masi, Babu, I am dying Oh God,  Lord son [Music] protect me Oh God,  Lord son [Music] protect me Oh God,  Lord son [Music] protect me Lord, I am a complete cow. I will Lord, I am a complete cow. I will Lord, I am a complete cow. I will eat anything anyone gives me. Please help me, please protect me eat anything anyone gives me. Please help me, please protect me eat anything anyone gives me. Please help me, please protect me Lord [Laughs] I am Lord [Laughs] I am Lord [Laughs] I am Yama, look, there is Kajal on earth, Yama, look, there is Kajal on earth, Yama, look, there is Kajal on earth, Maharaj, I am just a rubber dream, don't cheat me. I am just a rubber dream, don't cheat me. I am just a rubber dream, don't cheat me. Hey crazy girl, if you get trapped, I will stay with you for seven births, take it, I am Hey crazy girl, if you get trapped, I will stay with you for seven births, take it, I am Hey crazy girl, if you get trapped, I will stay with you for seven births, take it, I am going, going, going, baby, bye bye bye bye, please help me, please baby, bye bye bye bye, please help me, please baby, bye bye bye bye, please help me, please protect me Lord, how did you not find the time? protect me Lord, how did you not find the time? protect me Lord, how did you not find the time? Hey, leave all your work and find the time [Music], don't Hey, leave all your work and find the time [Music], don't Hey, leave all your work and find the time [Music], don't cheat me. cheat me. cheat me. Hey, I will not give you the money by becoming a debtor, I will Hey, I will not give you the money by becoming a debtor, I will Hey, I will not give you the money by becoming a debtor, I will cheat you [Music], make a cheat you [Music], make a cheat you [Music], make a promise sir. promise sir. promise sir. 175 is the promise of birth. 175 is the promise of birth. 175 is the promise of birth. This is for you baby. This is for you baby. This is for you baby. Yes, thank you.  Now Teja Mur and Dai come. Yes, thank you.  Now Teja Mur and Dai come. Yes, thank you.  Now Teja Mur and Dai come. I am Semitor. I am Semitor. I am Semitor. Okay baby I'm going home.   It Okay baby I'm going home.   It Okay baby I'm going home.   It is a disaster, Maharaj, it is a disaster. is a disaster, Maharaj, it is a disaster. is a disaster, Maharaj, it is a disaster. Hey, what happened Chitragupta?  There is a jerky Hey, what happened Chitragupta?  There is a jerky Hey, what happened Chitragupta?  There is a jerky movement. movement. movement. Meaning the earth's balance got disturbed.  Come on, go your Meaning the earth's balance got disturbed.  Come on, go your Meaning the earth's balance got disturbed.  Come on, go your Majesty.  Tola Sumra village Majesty.  Tola Sumra village Majesty.  Tola Sumra village Tola Sumra village Tola Sumra village Tola Sumra village Who are you Maharaj Who are you Maharaj Who are you Maharaj Are you Yama I am Are you Yama I am Are you Yama I am Yama You are not a woman yet Maharaj Yama You are not a woman yet Maharaj Yama You are not a woman yet Maharaj Where are you evil creature Where are you evil creature Where are you evil creature Drink water Maharaj Drink water Maharaj Drink water Maharaj Where are you you are Where are you you are Where are you you are not married yet Maharaj He not married yet Maharaj He not married yet Maharaj He is very simple Hey, what are you going to do Come on my is very simple Hey, what are you going to do Come on my is very simple Hey, what are you going to do Come on my father's pot is full father's pot is full father's pot is full My son is as clean as milk Maharaj Till date you have My son is as clean as milk Maharaj Till date you have My son is as clean as milk Maharaj Till date you have not filed a report If you are not then not filed a report If you are not then he said no Maharaj Come and hit me So I will catch him myself I am an he said no Maharaj Come and hit me So I will catch him myself I am an honest man The whole village is honest man The whole village is honest man The whole village is near So you just saw today's route Neela near So you just saw today's route Neela near So you just saw today's route Neela Chitragupta don't open the file Yes Maharaj Server is Chitragupta don't open the file Yes Maharaj Server is Chitragupta don't open the file Yes Maharaj Server is down Maharaj down Maharaj down Maharaj Hey friend Chitragupta show me your mobile Hey friend Chitragupta show me your mobile I swear to God I have fallen madly in love I swear to God I have fallen madly in love I swear to God I have fallen madly in love Bhaji I do Bhaji I do Bhaji I do n't lie Bhaji I am a n't lie Bhaji I am a n't lie Bhaji I am a virgin Bhaji I am a virgin I will virgin Bhaji I am a virgin I will virgin Bhaji I am a virgin I will not cheat you not cheat you not cheat you I may even die Bhaji so keep coming as a ghost keep coming keep coming I may even die Bhaji so keep coming as a ghost keep coming keep coming ok take my family away take ok take my family away take ok take my family away take my family away bye my family away bye my family away bye Bhaji bye bye so the Bhaji bye bye so the Bhaji bye bye so the simple man thinks the vulture is simple man thinks the vulture is simple man thinks the vulture is trapping the married virgin  Go Maharaj, let's fry the trapping the married virgin  Go Maharaj, let's fry the trapping the married virgin  Go Maharaj, let's fry the oil, son [laughs] oil, son [laughs] oil, son [laughs] marriage, marriage, even Sudal was not spared, marriage, marriage, even Sudal was not spared, marriage, marriage, even Sudal was not spared, three three, three, jhala, trap, son, hello, hey, hello, hey, hello, hey, get into the furnace, friend, get into the furnace, friend, get into the furnace, friend, look at the time, hey, friend, it took time, brother, I took time, brother, I took time, brother, I know, I was confused because of going to the water park know, I was confused because of going to the water park know, I was confused because of going to the water park yesterday, hey, yesterday, hey, yesterday, hey, brother, take it easy, you have brother, take it easy, you have brother, take it easy, you have everything, make the glass quickly, hey, you bastard, where will you drink everything, you are wasting all the drink everything, you are wasting all the drink everything, you are wasting all the time, you are getting confused, time, you are getting confused, time, you are getting confused, setting up [Sangeet] setting up [Sangeet] setting up [Sangeet] take the water, take the water, take the water, take the water, take the water, take the water, Babu, I ca Babu, I ca Babu, I ca n't drink it, I will take it, take it, n't drink it, I will take it, take it, sorry sorry sorry [Sangeet] one day, go and meet Didi, [Sangeet] one day, go and meet Didi, [Sangeet] one day, go and meet Didi, hey friend, what do you mean by didi, friend, what will happen if I hey friend, what do you mean by didi, friend, what will happen if I hey friend, what do you mean by didi, friend, what will happen if I meet you, meet you, meet you, hey, tell me the truth, introduce me to Didi, hey, tell me the truth, introduce me to Didi, hey, tell me the truth, introduce me to Didi, talk about marriage, it's talk about marriage, it's talk about marriage, it's very hot right now, friend, very hot right now, friend, very hot right now, friend, do it in the rainy season, do it after marriage, Didi, do it in the rainy season, do it after marriage, Didi, do it in the rainy season, do it after marriage, Didi, okay, from the day you started talking to your Didi [Sangeet], you haven't met on that okay, from the day you started talking to your Didi [Sangeet], you haven't met on that okay, from the day you started talking to your Didi [Sangeet], you haven't met on that day, come, friend, don't bother me day, come, friend, don't bother me today, tell me, today, tell me, today, tell me, hey, come, I am hey, come, I am hey, come, I am telling you, Didi, will you telling you, Didi, will you telling you, Didi, will you marry me, Puri Turi is saying, her marry me, Puri Turi is saying, her marry me, Puri Turi is saying, her name is Chhoti. name is Chhoti. name is Chhoti. Hello aunty, not aunty, son, call me didi.  Yes Hello aunty, not aunty, son, call me didi.  Yes Hello aunty, not aunty, son, call me didi.  Yes sister, what have you thought about marriage, Choti, when do you want to get sister, what have you thought about marriage, Choti, when do you want to get sister, what have you thought about marriage, Choti, when do you want to get married?  Now he said, how do I know, married?  Now he said, how do I know, married?  Now he said, how do I know, sister?  I told my family [Music] sister?  I told my family [Music] sister?  I told my family [Music] I am still young. I am still young. I am still young. Hey, we have shown the boy Manish, younger one.  See Hey, we have shown the boy Manish, younger one.  See Hey, we have shown the boy Manish, younger one.  See [music] I would not waste my underwear. One day in the tights of fear.   Hey One day in the tights of fear.   Hey One day in the tights of fear.   Hey your your your Rokha Rokha Rokha tell me tell me tell me Hey no I am useless but Dhanesh but Dhanesh but Dhanesh Hey but how can I go to look for the Hey but how can I go to look for the Hey but how can I go to look for the wood myself and I wood myself and I wood myself and I swear if I don't get half the evening's money [music] I will be bound by births [music] bound by births [music] bound by births [music] otherwise correction [laughs] I took [laughs] I took [laughs] I took out the dead body out the dead body out the dead body hurry up it's time Guruji leave your back and do hurry up it's time Guruji leave your back and do hurry up it's time Guruji leave your back and do n't go to college so n't go to college so n't go to college so son today we will study about content creation son today we will study about content creation son today we will study about content creation Dada it's amazing Dada it's amazing Dada it's amazing how are you silent I wanted to ask how are you silent I wanted to ask how are you silent I wanted to ask Guruji Guruji Guruji sir come inside now you read then def hey don't get sir come inside now you read then def hey don't get sir come inside now you read then def hey don't get disturbed sit quietly disturbed sit quietly disturbed sit quietly or I will sit quietly sir what will you do or I will sit quietly sir what will you do or I will sit quietly sir what will you do in life I reached the door of the class in life I reached the door of the class in life I reached the door of the class reaching the green board sir reaching the green board sir reaching the green board sir sit quietly son beat me till my back red sit quietly son beat me till my back red sit quietly son beat me till my back red we we we content creation there are many types of content creation there are many types of content creation there are many types of gaming there is comedy this is the era of social media a gaming there is comedy this is the era of social media a gaming there is comedy this is the era of social media a person can earn money so take out the number in the group and person can earn money so take out the number in the group and person can earn money so take out the number in the group and message or don't you inform me message or don't you inform me message or don't you inform me Hey forgetting practicals in the house work and Hey forgetting practicals in the house work and Hey forgetting practicals in the house work and watching till 1 o'clock in the night [music] I will do it watching till 1 o'clock in the night [music] I will do it watching till 1 o'clock in the night [music] I will do it today Raja today Raja today Raja Hey message me you like the boy very much Hey where are you going Hey where are you going Hey where are you going next  So, helplessness next  So, helplessness next  So, helplessness Moro, let's start this Maya's story Moro, let's start this Maya's story Moro, let's start this Maya's story [music] You will die, Priya Aarti, [music] You will die, Priya Aarti, [music] You will die, Priya Aarti, we are not ruined in the Chhapri affair, Chhabri Raja we are not ruined in the Chhapri affair, Chhabri Raja we are not ruined in the Chhapri affair, Chhabri Raja is a hero is a hero is a hero Aarti, wait, keep the Aarti, wait, keep the Aarti, wait, keep the words of your heart in your bag, look and tell me words of your heart in your bag, look and tell me words of your heart in your bag, look and tell me how, how, how, take out the book, take out the book, take out the book, oh peacock, where did you bring the chocolate and rose in your bag, oh peacock, where did you bring the chocolate and rose in your bag, oh peacock, where did you bring the chocolate and rose in your bag, and there is a love letter, I love you more, cutie, I am and there is a love letter, I love you more, cutie, I am and there is a love letter, I love you more, cutie, I am Raja, crazy for Raja, crazy for Raja, crazy for both of them, give me the both of them, give me the both of them, give me the love letter, rose, chocolate, empress, then chocolate chocolate, empress, then chocolate chocolate, empress, then chocolate no sir, I am sister, respect sir, sister, respect sir, sister, no sir, I am sister, respect sir, sister, respect sir, sister, no sir, I am sister, respect sir, sister, respect sir, sister, all of you are educated, then all of you are educated, then all of you are educated, then someone's someone's someone's