[Applause] Let's [Applause] Let's [Applause] Let's all clap for Abhinash. all clap for Abhinash. all clap for Abhinash. Who shouted immediately?  Okay, okay, friend. Who shouted immediately?  Okay, okay, friend. Who shouted immediately?  Okay, okay, friend. You got impressed by the iPhone itself.  [laughter] You got impressed by the iPhone itself.  [laughter] You got impressed by the iPhone itself.  [laughter] He's like, he has an iPhone?   Do He's like, he has an iPhone?   Do He's like, he has an iPhone?   Do you want an iPhone?  No.  Sugar Mommy, do you want an iPhone?  No.  Sugar Mommy, do you want an iPhone?  No.  Sugar Mommy, do you know what happens? you know what happens? you know what happens? Whom?  [laughs] Whom?  [laughs] Whom?  [laughs] Hey, I didn't ask you to give an intro.  That's what Hey, I didn't ask you to give an intro.  That's what Hey, I didn't ask you to give an intro.  That's what I'm telling you [laughs].  Do you know I'm telling you [laughs].  Do you know I'm telling you [laughs].  Do you know what a sugar mommy is?  What happens?   I what a sugar mommy is?  What happens?   I what a sugar mommy is?  What happens?   I mean like it is a romantic relationship but mean like it is a romantic relationship but mean like it is a romantic relationship but in favor means like in favor means like in favor means like fulfilling a need [laughs] in fulfilling a need [laughs] in fulfilling a need [laughs] in return in return in return in return means whatever it is like return means whatever it is like return means whatever it is like giving gifts etc. like giving gifts etc. like giving gifts etc. like you are in a normal relationship you are in a normal relationship you are in a normal relationship I am single right now so I am single right now so I am single right now so with whom have you come then okay okay have with whom have you come then okay okay have with whom have you come then okay okay have you ever had a relationship. you ever had a relationship. you ever had a relationship. No, no, No, no, No, no, I am not asking you.  He I am not asking you.  He I am not asking you.  He said no, I will not tell.  I was said no, I will not tell.  I was said no, I will not tell.  I was in a relationship but like sugar, oh no, in a relationship but like sugar, oh no, in a relationship but like sugar, oh no, not sugar daddy [laughs] it happened like this, no no, there was not sugar daddy [laughs] it happened like this, no no, there was not sugar daddy [laughs] it happened like this, no no, there was no sugar daddy, no sugar daddy, no sugar daddy, I used to take gifts, brother you guys are a couple I used to take gifts, brother you guys are a couple I used to take gifts, brother you guys are a couple sir, okay, okay you are sir, okay, okay you are sir, okay, okay you are married, yes okay, married, yes okay, married, yes okay, you know this concept of sugar daddy has been you know this concept of sugar daddy has been you know this concept of sugar daddy has been put on the spot, I told them that this will create a put on the spot, I told them that this will create a put on the spot, I told them that this will create a rift in our married life, you rift in our married life, you rift in our married life, you know, sir, you know the concept of know, sir, you know the concept of know, sir, you know the concept of sugar mommy, oh are you sugar mommy, oh are you sugar mommy, oh are you saying yes to everything, saying yes to everything, saying yes to everything, I am asking them, is it okay for a married person. I am asking them, is it okay for a married person. I am asking them, is it okay for a married person. You know sir kind of kind of You know sir kind of kind of okay ma'am you know. okay ma'am you know. okay ma'am you know. You don't know today.  Okay sir, then you please You don't know today.  Okay sir, then you please You don't know today.  Okay sir, then you please explain it [laughs] explain it [laughs] explain it [laughs] I also know everything, I also know everything, I also know everything, yes, let's tell you liar, yes [laughs] I [laughs] I [laughs] I think the experienced people will think the experienced people will think the experienced people will tell. tell. tell. You are married, so You are married, so You are married, so you have experience?  No no no, not about this thing, he is you have experience?  No no no, not about this thing, he is playing it safe, he is a playing it safe, he is a playing it safe, he is a married man, right? So, okay, let's go, married man, right? So, okay, let's go, married man, right? So, okay, let's go, clap once for these four clap once for these four clap once for these four [praise], so it's a very simple concept, I will very simple concept, I will very simple concept, I will talk to you in the crowd, if you give a very good talk to you in the crowd, if you give a very good talk to you in the crowd, if you give a very good answer or tell some good story, then answer or tell some good story, then answer or tell some good story, then I have brought money, no matter how I have brought money, no matter how I have brought money, no matter how good an answer you give, I will give you ₹500, good an answer you give, I will give you ₹500, good an answer you give, I will give you ₹500, okay, so I have brought this money, okay, so I have brought this money, okay, so I have brought this money, okay okay okay [praise], just now a sparkle has come in his eyes, he is just now a sparkle has come in his eyes, he is just now a sparkle has come in his eyes, he is saying brother, I am ready.  That girl is saying saying brother, I am ready.  That girl is saying saying brother, I am ready.  That girl is saying yes I will do it.  Even if you don't blur it, yes I will do it.  Even if you don't blur it, yes I will do it.  Even if you don't blur it, I am in it.  I will do this much for ₹500. I am in it.  I will do this much for ₹500. I am in it.  I will do this much for ₹500. Now all of them will become these, right? Now all of them will become these, right? Ok.  Ok.  So we will leave it a little open ended. Ok.  Ok.  So we will leave it a little open ended. Ok.  Ok.  So we will leave it a little open ended. Ok?  If any of you Ok?  If any of you Ok?  If any of you have such a story, any life story or have such a story, any life story or have such a story, any life story or any other story which is a bit interesting.  We will any other story which is a bit interesting.  We will any other story which is a bit interesting.  We will make it fun whatever you want to share. make it fun whatever you want to share. make it fun whatever you want to share. Like if your boyfriend has Like if your boyfriend has Like if your boyfriend has cheated.  Or you yourself have cheated. cheated.  Or you yourself have cheated. cheated.  Or you yourself have cheated. [laughter] Does anyone have anything like that?  Did any of your [laughter] Does anyone have anything like that?  Did any of your [laughter] Does anyone have anything like that?  Did any of your boyfriends cheat on you? boyfriends cheat on you? boyfriends cheat on you? Your boyfriend did it to you.  Will you be okay with it Your boyfriend did it to you.  Will you be okay with it Your boyfriend did it to you.  Will you be okay with it ?  Okay brother, give him the mic.  Hello ?  Okay brother, give him the mic.  Hello ?  Okay brother, give him the mic.  Hello hello hi what is your name? hello hi what is your name? hello hi what is your name? Saloni is speaking.   Can Saloni is speaking.   Can Saloni is speaking.   Can everyone hear it? everyone hear it? everyone hear it? Ok.  Yes.  So Saloni what is the scene?  When Ok.  Yes.  So Saloni what is the scene?  When Ok.  Yes.  So Saloni what is the scene?  When is she single or dating right now? is she single or dating right now? is she single or dating right now? No, she is still dating.   She is still No, she is still dating.   She is still No, she is still dating.   She is still dating.  Meaning the lesson has not been learnt. dating.  Meaning the lesson has not been learnt. dating.  Meaning the lesson has not been learnt. Okay.  When did this accident happen?   It keeps happening. Okay.  When did this accident happen?   It keeps happening. What is this, brother?  Give me 500 rupees What is this, brother?  Give me 500 rupees What is this, brother?  Give me 500 rupees [laughs] he is [laughs] he is [laughs] he is saying give me 500 saying give me 500 saying give me 500 rupees right now hey it has been happening I mean wait a minute then it rupees right now hey it has been happening I mean wait a minute then it rupees right now hey it has been happening I mean wait a minute then it seems to me that you are not that bastard okay okay seems to me that you are not that bastard okay okay seems to me that you are not that bastard okay okay yes how did it happen then the yes how did it happen then the yes how did it happen then the recent one recent one recent one something happened in November last year something happened in November last year something happened in November last year so basically I am very much that type because people so basically I am very much that type because people so basically I am very much that type because people call me toxic because call me toxic because call me toxic because people call you toxic [laughs] people call you toxic [laughs] people call you toxic [laughs] okay okay okay because I have hacked his call logs, because I have hacked his call logs, because I have hacked his call logs, his location, and his Instagram, his location, and his Instagram, his location, and his Instagram, Facebook, WhatsApp everything. Facebook, WhatsApp everything. You are not called toxic, you are called psycho.  Yes, You are not called toxic, you are called psycho.  Yes, You are not called toxic, you are called psycho.  Yes, you ate all this. you ate all this. you ate all this. So wait a minute you knew that So wait a minute you knew that So wait a minute you knew that he was cheating, that's why you did this. he was cheating, that's why you did this. he was cheating, that's why you did this. Yes, I also don't know. Yes, I also don't know. And how did you know? And how did you know? And how did you know? I don't know whether it's a cheat or not.  I mean, I don't know whether it's a cheat or not.  I mean, I don't know whether it's a cheat or not.  I mean, yes, we know that, we figure it out. yes, we know that, we figure it out. yes, we know that, we figure it out. What did he do?  So basically What did he do?  So basically What did he do?  So basically I don't like him I don't like him I don't like him going near any girl.  Even if she is his colleague or if I touch her going near any girl.  Even if she is his colleague or if I touch her going near any girl.  Even if she is his colleague or if I touch her while dancing, then I while dancing, then I while dancing, then I am a bit toxic like that.  Many people am a bit toxic like that.  Many people am a bit toxic like that.  Many people say that if say that if say that if someone goes to a girl then there is someone goes to a girl then there is someone goes to a girl then there is no problem, like he used to lie to me and go.   He was no problem, like he used to lie to me and go.   He was no problem, like he used to lie to me and go.   He was telling me that I am at home.  Meaning telling me that I am at home.  Meaning telling me that I am at home.  Meaning we are in a living relationship.  And I used to be we are in a living relationship.  And I used to be we are in a living relationship.  And I used to be in the office but I have night shift so I used to be in the office but I have night shift so I used to be in the office but I have night shift so I used to be in the office and after his office he used to go in the office and after his office he used to go in the office and after his office he used to go out somewhere, then when out somewhere, then when out somewhere, then when he told me that he was going to this place, he told me that he was going to this place, he told me that he was going to this place, what I used to do was the next day I used to what I used to do was the next day I used to go to Facebook pages and see the photos of the same place and in that [laughs] go to Facebook pages and see the photos of the same place and in that [laughs] go to Facebook pages and see the photos of the same place and in that [laughs] I don't know that girl but she I don't know that girl but she I don't know that girl but she seems right to me. seems right to me. seems right to me. Okay, so you went and checked all that. Okay, so you went and checked all that. Okay, so you went and checked all that. Yes, then whenever I got something, I would Yes, then whenever I got something, I would Yes, then whenever I got something, I would show him the screenshot and would show him the screenshot and would show him the screenshot and would wake up at 3:00 in the night and ask him what he was doing. wake up at 3:00 in the night and ask him what he was doing. wake up at 3:00 in the night and ask him what he was doing. Because I had a shift.   Did Because I had a shift.   Did Because I had a shift.   Did you guys break your head and do all this? you guys break your head and do all this? you guys break your head and do all this? What is this? What is this? What is this? Well, then this kept happening Well, then this kept happening Well, then this kept happening many times.  Then what I am many times.  Then what I am many times.  Then what I am talking about in November, talking about in November, talking about in November, I had his location and he did not know that he was doing it. I had his location and he did not know that he was doing it. I had his location and he did not know that he was doing it. So there is a place So there is a place So there is a place outside on MG Road.  [laughs] So that's it, outside on MG Road.  [laughs] So that's it, outside on MG Road.  [laughs] So that's it, brother, I know everything about MG Road, brother, I know everything about MG Road, brother, I know everything about MG Road, yes, there is a bar on MG Road, it's kind of a yes, there is a bar on MG Road, it's kind of a yes, there is a bar on MG Road, it's kind of a bar, right? It's a bar, right? It's a bar, right? It's a good bar, yes, yes, I good bar, yes, yes, I mean, what happens there, mean, what happens there, mean, what happens there, yes, it's a yes, it's a yes, it's a shady place, shady place, shady place, yes, then [laughs] yes, then [laughs] yes, then [laughs] all the men are saying, yes, all the men are saying, yes, all the men are saying, yes, tell me the address, okay, okay, sir, you tell me the address, okay, okay, sir, you tell me the address, okay, okay, sir, you guys don't agree [laughs] your wives are right next door, guys don't agree [laughs] your wives are right next door, guys don't agree [laughs] your wives are right next door, how do you know, yes, okay, how do you know, yes, okay, how do you know, yes, okay, continue, yes, continue, yes, continue, yes, then I had the location, I mean, actually I had gone then I had the location, I mean, actually I had gone out with my friends and he had told me that I was at out with my friends and he had told me that I was at out with my friends and he had told me that I was at my friends' house.  Ok?  And my friends' house.  Ok?  And my friends' house.  Ok?  And I made a video call.  He was at home I made a video call.  He was at home I made a video call.  He was at home and after some time my and after some time my and after some time my party was over.  Then I started calling him. party was over.  Then I started calling him. party was over.  Then I started calling him. So he was not answering.  So I So he was not answering.  So I So he was not answering.  So I called his friend whose house he was at called his friend whose house he was at called his friend whose house he was at and I left.  4:00 at night.  His and I left.  4:00 at night.  His and I left.  4:00 at night.  His friend said, hey, those people left from here long ago. friend said, hey, those people left from here long ago. But you had the location, right?  Yes yes, that But you had the location, right?  Yes yes, that But you had the location, right?  Yes yes, that means maybe he was not there that day or I did means maybe he was not there that day or I did means maybe he was not there that day or I did not get it checked, something like that, his phone was switched off, that is why the not get it checked, something like that, his phone was switched off, that is why the not get it checked, something like that, his phone was switched off, that is why the location was not visible, okay, then location was not visible, okay, then location was not visible, okay, then I went to his friend's house, he said hey, he is there right now, I went to his friend's house, he said hey, he is there right now, I went to his friend's house, he said hey, he is there right now, no, they went out with five- no, they went out with five- no, they went out with five- six friends, so I must have thought that at six friends, so I must have thought that at six friends, so I must have thought that at this place, at this time, he this place, at this time, he this place, at this time, he can go to only one place, I also went to that place can go to only one place, I also went to that place can go to only one place, I also went to that place and the and the and the road, yes yes yes, at that road, yes yes yes, at that road, yes yes yes, at that place and actually place and actually place and actually what is the scene there, what is the scene there, what is the scene there, normally girls from outside are normally girls from outside are normally girls from outside are not allowed to go, but at five in the morning not allowed to go, but at five in the morning not allowed to go, but at five in the morning you say that I have taken a job, I have you say that I have taken a job, I have you say that I have taken a job, I have not taken a job there, but I told them hey, not taken a job there, but I told them hey, not taken a job there, but I told them hey, my friend is calling me inside. my friend is calling me inside. my friend is calling me inside. These bastards are looking at it like this [laughs].   Does These bastards are looking at it like this [laughs].   Does These bastards are looking at it like this [laughs].   Does n't she seem so naughty? n't she seem so naughty? n't she seem so naughty? Yes, okay. Yes, okay. Yes, okay. So then they let him go because So then they let him go because So then they let him go because almost he was about to be released.  That means it almost he was about to be released.  That means it almost he was about to be released.  That means it runs till 6:00 pm.   Was he going to be runs till 6:00 pm.   Was he going to be runs till 6:00 pm.   Was he going to be released?  Was that a school? released?  Was that a school? released?  Was that a school? Hey, he had gone to see a mujra.  Has Hey, he had gone to see a mujra.  Has Hey, he had gone to see a mujra.  Has his warning bell rung? his warning bell rung? his warning bell rung? Yes, okay.  He was about to be released.  So when I went Yes, okay.  He was about to be released.  So when I went Yes, okay.  He was about to be released.  So when I went there, what happened was that I said that there, what happened was that I said that there, what happened was that I said that last time this guy had told me that last time this guy had told me that last time this guy had told me that no, nothing like this had happened.  I no, nothing like this had happened.  I no, nothing like this had happened.  I held her hand here, so what I did this time was held her hand here, so what I did this time was held her hand here, so what I did this time was as soon as I opened the door, I as soon as I opened the door, I as soon as I opened the door, I started recording on my phone so that there should be some proof. started recording on my phone so that there should be some proof. started recording on my phone so that there should be some proof. So there is also a room inside MG Road.   That was So there is also a room inside MG Road.   That was So there is also a room inside MG Road.   That was not the room.  Like there are such club bar type things, so not the room.  Like there are such club bar type things, so not the room.  Like there are such club bar type things, so I said that I said that I said that wherever I see this, I will make the video first. wherever I see this, I will make the video first. wherever I see this, I will make the video first. Ok?  So then he was Ok?  So then he was Ok?  So then he was saying something in the ear of a girl there.  Ok? saying something in the ear of a girl there.  Ok? saying something in the ear of a girl there.  Ok? They were talking and he was just about to hug me They were talking and he was just about to hug me They were talking and he was just about to hug me and I made a video and and I made a video and and I made a video and said, "You got caught, you got caught, were said, "You got caught, you got caught, were said, "You got caught, you got caught, were you guys playing side-hustle, that I was going to do that, you guys playing side-hustle, that I was going to do that, you guys playing side-hustle, that I was going to do that, I smeared him, you I smeared him, you I smeared him, you lost, you lost." lost, you lost." lost, you lost." And then that video, "There's And then that video, "There's And then that video, "There's no sadness in your eyes," she said, " no sadness in your eyes," she said, " no sadness in your eyes," she said, " What was it like, brother?" [laughter], "I've become a pro in the police, thief." And What was it like, brother?" [laughter], "I've become a pro in the police, thief." And he was shocked, "How did he get to this point?" He was he was shocked, "How did he get to this point?" He was he was shocked, "How did he get to this point?" He was saying, "You bastard," "Brother, saying, "You bastard," "Brother, saying, "You bastard," "Brother, play that video, play that video, play that video, not just one." Then I sent that video to his home, to his not just one." Then I sent that video to his home, to his not just one." Then I sent that video to his home, to his friends, to everyone. [laughter] It [laughter] It [laughter] It was toxic, brother, was toxic, brother, was toxic, brother, how's it going? how's it going? how's it going? Yes, now wait a minute, the guy knows all this, Yes, now wait a minute, the guy knows all this, Yes, now wait a minute, the guy knows all this, he's reformed now. [laughter] he's reformed now. [laughter] he's reformed now. [laughter] That's it. This isn't for you, give him that offering. This isn't for you, give him that offering. This isn't for you, give him that offering. This is your This is your This is your MG [laughter] This one is saying, then he goes to MG Road and This one is saying, then he goes to MG Road and This one is saying, then he goes to MG Road and goes, " goes, " goes, " Great, great, clap once for this." Great, great, clap once for this." Great, great, clap once for this." [Praise] It was fun, wasn't it fun? Yes, and someone else has something like that. It could be fun, wasn't it fun? Yes, and someone else has something like that. It could be fun, wasn't it fun? Yes, and someone else has something like that. It could be something else, something else, something else, like in an exam.  I cheated, I like in an exam.  I cheated, I like in an exam.  I cheated, I exploded a bomb in school, yes [laughs] exploded a bomb in school, yes [laughs] exploded a bomb in school, yes [laughs] I will tell you about yesterday, I will I will tell you about yesterday, I will I will tell you about yesterday, I will tell you about tomorrow, okay brother, yes give the tell you about tomorrow, okay brother, yes give the tell you about tomorrow, okay brother, yes give the mic to him.  saw?  I can see greed in your eyes right now mic to him.  saw?  I can see greed in your eyes right now mic to him.  saw?  I can see greed in your eyes right now , right?  [laughs] That could get ₹500. , right?  [laughs] That could get ₹500. , right?  [laughs] That could get ₹500. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes, so I was telling you that yesterday was Brother's Day, Yes, so I was telling you that yesterday was Brother's Day, Yes, so I was telling you that yesterday was Brother's Day, so my very old friend, I mean, with so my very old friend, I mean, with so my very old friend, I mean, with whom I was classmates two-three years ago. whom I was classmates two-three years ago. whom I was classmates two-three years ago. Not even a friend, she was strange. Not even a friend, she was strange. Not even a friend, she was strange. Strange. Strange. Strange. Yes.   It was Yes.   It was Yes.   It was strange.  She would go to MG Road to catch him like this.   She used to strange.  She would go to MG Road to catch him like this.   She used to strange.  She would go to MG Road to catch him like this.   She used to wear glasses [laughs]. wear glasses [laughs]. wear glasses [laughs]. Yes.  Glasses, it was weird when she wore glasses. Yes.  Glasses, it was weird when she wore glasses. Yes.  Glasses, it was weird when she wore glasses. Very nice, brother.  You are from outside, right? Very nice, brother.  You are from outside, right? Very nice, brother.  You are from outside, right? Yes.  [laughter] Yes.  [laughter] Yes.  [laughter] Okay, it was weird.  Yes.  Yes, as I was telling you, yesterday Okay, it was weird.  Yes.  Yes, as I was telling you, yesterday Okay, it was weird.  Yes.  Yes, as I was telling you, yesterday suddenly he wrote to me suddenly he wrote to me suddenly he wrote to me Happy Brothers Day on Instagram.  [laughter] Now I understand why he's sounding weird? Now I understand why he's sounding weird? Now I understand why he's sounding weird? I send it I send it I send it with the sisterhood [laughs]. with the sisterhood [laughs]. with the sisterhood [laughs]. You wrote this to her, You wrote this to her, You wrote this to her, yes, after that she writes, oh yes yes, after that she writes, oh yes yes, after that she writes, oh yes Rohit, Rohit, Rohit, yes, after that the yes, after that the yes, after that the guy did not read the show and said, look at the chat.   Yes yes guy did not read the show and said, look at the chat.   Yes yes guy did not read the show and said, look at the chat.   Yes yes ok.  Ok.  You said yes sister, yes it's ok.  Ok.  You said yes sister, yes it's ok.  Ok.  You said yes sister, yes it's okay.  Also added the written emoji.  After that okay.  Also added the written emoji.  After that okay.  Also added the written emoji.  After that he writes, yes brother, today is really he writes, yes brother, today is really he writes, yes brother, today is really Brothers Day. Brothers Day. Brothers Day. Yes. Yes. Yes. Then I wrote my friend by mistake. Then I wrote my friend by mistake. Then I wrote my friend by mistake. Yes brother, I am really Yes brother, I am really Yes brother, I am really sorry to you [laughs] sorry to you [laughs] sorry to you [laughs] that today's generation has completely lost their control. that today's generation has completely lost their control. This was his point. This was his point. This was his point. So, is this your friend? So, is this your friend? So, is this your friend? Not there. Not there. Not there. This This This you guys really do all this work brother and you are you guys really do all this work brother and you are you guys really do all this work brother and you are preparing for NEET.  [laughs] preparing for NEET.  [laughs] Not like this on Insta. Not like this on Insta. What do girls do with all these things?   It What do girls do with all these things?   It What do girls do with all these things?   It came randomly, right? came randomly, right? came randomly, right? Who thinks he is lying? Who thinks he is lying? Who thinks he is lying? Hey, let me show you.   I Hey, let me show you.   I Hey, let me show you.   I need proof.   I need proof.   I need proof.   I need proof.   Should I need proof.   Should I need proof.   Should I show you the proof? show you the proof? show you the proof? Yes yes show me brother.  [laughs] Yes yes show me brother.  [laughs] Yes yes show me brother.  [laughs] I even put in the story. I even put in the story. I even put in the story. Story Story Story Brother, you are posting a story about something that should be deleted. Brother, you are posting a story about something that should be deleted. Brother, you are posting a story about something that should be deleted. Wait, show me here, brother.  Have a Happy Wait, show me here, brother.  Have a Happy Wait, show me here, brother.  Have a Happy Brothers Day.   I have removed the one in front of it, that I have really removed the one in front of it, that I have really removed the one in front of it, that I have really removed a lot. removed a lot. removed a lot. Okay, let me see what happens next. Okay, let me see what happens next. Okay, let me see what happens next. Now it will be fun, let's see Now it will be fun, let's see Now it will be fun, let's see what happens next, okay, okay, I have got the what happens next, okay, okay, I have got the what happens next, okay, okay, I have got the entire chat now entire chat now entire chat now [laughs] it has just [laughs] it has just [laughs] it has just escalated, no, escalated, no, escalated, no, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, I was messaging you too, today a I was messaging you too, today a I was messaging you too, today a lot of people liked you, he has written like this, that's lot of people liked you, he has written like this, that's lot of people liked you, he has written like this, that's right, right, right, yes [laughs] yes [laughs] yes [laughs] now where has this chat escalated to? now where has this chat escalated to? now where has this chat escalated to? He has written that you were liked by many people.   The He has written that you were liked by many people.   The He has written that you were liked by many people.   The girl has written that I am like this.  [laughter] girl has written that I am like this.  [laughter] girl has written that I am like this.  [laughter] Then this is writing to walk. Then this is writing to walk. Then this is writing to walk. So she's writing Walking is all [laughs] So she's writing Walking is all [laughs] So she's writing Walking is all [laughs] everybody talks about.  Everyone used to talk. everybody talks about.  Everyone used to talk. everybody talks about.  Everyone used to talk. Mumbai or English.   Yes yes Mumbai or English.   Yes yes Mumbai or English.   Yes yes ok.  Ok.  Ok.  He has ok.  Ok.  Ok.  He has ok.  Ok.  Ok.  He has written it. written it. written it. Many people like it.  He has written all this. Many people like it.  He has written all this. Many people like it.  He has written all this. Then he wrote it.  Four people is a lot. Then he wrote it.  Four people is a lot. Then he wrote it.  Four people is a lot. Hey, your hair is curly.  Wow. Hey, your hair is curly.  Wow. Hey, your hair is curly.  Wow. I am reading this with pause I am reading this with pause I am reading this with pause because each message has been posted separately. because each message has been posted separately. because each message has been posted separately. Your hair is curly.  Wow. Your hair is curly.  Wow. Your hair is curly.  Wow. How nice they are.  I am jealous of you. How nice they are.  I am jealous of you. How nice they are.  I am jealous of you. Seriously Seriously Seriously [laughs] I'm laughing at my own humiliation. laughing at my own humiliation. laughing at my own humiliation. No disrespect.  Your hair is legit good. No disrespect.  Your hair is legit good. No disrespect.  Your hair is legit good. Brother would have also asked the name of the shampoo. Brother would have also asked the name of the shampoo. Brother would have also asked the name of the shampoo. And tell me about being in Delhi in life. And tell me about being in Delhi in life. And tell me about being in Delhi in life. He has written that life is going on, he has a friend He has written that life is going on, he has a friend He has written that life is going on, he has a friend circle, he is circle, he is circle, he is talking about his brother [laughs] everyone is quiet everyone is quiet everyone is quiet and the girl is writing that he takes today's test series, that's why and the girl is writing that he takes today's test series, that's why and the girl is writing that he takes today's test series, that's why everyone is in theatres, everyone is in theatres, everyone is in theatres, hey brother, it's great, it's great, clap once for this. hey brother, it's great, it's great, clap once for this. hey brother, it's great, it's great, clap once for this. Now tell me, should I give a pass for this chat Now tell me, should I give a pass for this chat Now tell me, should I give a pass for this chat or not? or not? or not? No. No. No. What, girls have become anti.  Okay What, girls have become anti.  Okay What, girls have become anti.  Okay and the boys are saying give it to me.  Ok? and the boys are saying give it to me.  Ok? and the boys are saying give it to me.  Ok? So I ask only a sensible person. So I ask only a sensible person. So I ask only a sensible person. What do you think ma'am?  You should give him What do you think ma'am?  You should give him What do you think ma'am?  You should give him money.  Give me 250. money.  Give me 250. money.  Give me 250. Hey, is this MG Road?  He said, make me a broker. Hey, is this MG Road?  He said, make me a broker. Hey, is this MG Road?  He said, make me a broker. Brother, please give me 250 rupees.  That much is possible. Brother, please give me 250 rupees.  That much is possible. Brother, please give me 250 rupees.  That much is possible. Ma'am, you tell me.  If you say so, I will give it to you.  Ok. Ma'am, you tell me.  If you say so, I will give it to you.  Ok. Ma'am, you tell me.  If you say so, I will give it to you.  Ok. Ma'am said if you have to give then you will have to give. Ma'am said if you have to give then you will have to give. Ma'am said if you have to give then you will have to give. Who said that?  Hey brother, okay, okay brother, Who said that?  Hey brother, okay, okay brother, Who said that?  Hey brother, okay, okay brother, take it, it's good, clap once for that. take it, it's good, clap once for that. take it, it's good, clap once for that. Hello hello whose voice is that brother?  Hello hi Hello hello whose voice is that brother?  Hello hi Hello hello whose voice is that brother?  Hello hi hi what does Pragya do in life? hi what does Pragya do in life? hi what does Pragya do in life? I'm doing my PhD right now. I'm doing my PhD right now. I'm doing my PhD right now. Hey, are you joking?  Like this [laughs] Hey, are you joking?  Like this [laughs] Hey, are you joking?  Like this [laughs] brother, you are happy with everything.  You look like a brother, you are happy with everything.  You look like a brother, you are happy with everything.  You look like a B.Com student to me, brother.  [laughs] B.Com student to me, brother.  [laughs] B.Com student to me, brother.  [laughs] Rafi Yash ji, so what is your Rafi Yash ji, so what is your Rafi Yash ji, so what is your topic, topic, topic, theatre, I am a theatre artist, why are theatre, I am a theatre artist, why are theatre, I am a theatre artist, why are you guys laughing, have you guys laughing, have you guys laughing, have you done any research till now, if you can tell us, you done any research till now, if you can tell us, so I belong to Uttarakhand, so so I belong to Uttarakhand, so so I belong to Uttarakhand, so there is a community call, so I am working there is a community call, so I am working there is a community call, so I am working on it, on it, on it, what like Natnati, so that is what I am working on, so what like Natnati, so that is what I am working on, so what like Natnati, so that is what I am working on, so your research is going on in that, right now, your research is going on in that, right now, your research is going on in that, right now, how do you do this research, how do you do this research, how do you do this research, field work, going there, meeting those people, field work, going there, meeting those people, field work, going there, meeting those people, documenting them, everything, so documenting them, everything, so documenting them, everything, so how does the concept of theatre work? how does the concept of theatre work? how does the concept of theatre work? Like there is casting couch in movies.   It happens Like there is casting couch in movies.   It happens Like there is casting couch in movies.   It happens in theatre also. in theatre also. in theatre also. What are you talking about?   Yes. What are you talking about?   Yes. What are you talking about?   Yes. Poor people are also doing it.  [laughter] Poor people are also doing it.  [laughter] Poor people are also doing it.  [laughter] So how do they do that? So how do they do that? So how do they do that? Ah that we will give you the lead character in the play. Ah that we will give you the lead character in the play. Ah that we will give you the lead character in the play. So backstage backstage So backstage backstage So backstage backstage ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] Yes. Yes. Yes. Does the light go out?  What theater were you guys Does the light go out?  What theater were you guys Does the light go out?  What theater were you guys doing hey?  He is saying that the backstage lights came on. doing hey?  He is saying that the backstage lights came on. doing hey?  He is saying that the backstage lights came on. Brother, that is where the light goes.  Yes. Brother, that is where the light goes.  Yes. Brother, that is where the light goes.  Yes. Yes.   So, I will Yes.   So, I will Yes.   So, I will give you the lead character.  Yes.  So how do I mean give you the lead character.  Yes.  So how do I mean give you the lead character.  Yes.  So how do I mean how do I communicate? how do I communicate? how do I communicate? Now I don't have that much idea.  It happened to me, I don't know. Now I don't have that much idea.  It happened to me, I don't know. Yes, yes, every actor says this. Yes, yes, every actor says this. Yes, yes, every actor says this. No, but I've heard that it's happened to people. No, but I've heard that it's happened to people. No, but I've heard that it's happened to people. So, but people So, but people So, but people like directors call them separately like directors call them separately like directors call them separately and tell them that if and tell them that if and tell them that if you want the lead character then come to my house and we will you want the lead character then come to my house and we will you want the lead character then come to my house and we will practice there once. practice there once. practice there once. And people remain willing like this.  What do And people remain willing like this.  What do And people remain willing like this.  What do you think?  We you think?  We you think?  We do 50% of your research, not 50%, do 50% of your research, not 50%, do 50% of your research, not 50%, and it happens like this, suppose there is a and it happens like this, suppose there is a and it happens like this, suppose there is a boy and he is straight, boy and he is straight, boy and he is straight, but he has a director, a but he has a director, a but he has a director, a very big director, very big director, very big director, and and and you guys have come here to play, he must be there, you guys have come here to play, he must be there, you guys have come here to play, he must be there, if he tells him that brother, if you if he tells him that brother, if you if he tells him that brother, if you want a lead role, then you will have to come, so what, I think, this is want a lead role, then you will have to come, so what, I think, this is want a lead role, then you will have to come, so what, I think, this is not happening so much in theatre, but the thing is not happening so much in theatre, but the thing is not happening so much in theatre, but the thing is that people would do it in films, this is that people would do it in films, this is that people would do it in films, this is not happening so much in theatre, I mean, how much, I not happening so much in theatre, I mean, how much, I not happening so much in theatre, I mean, how much, I mean, the boy should just give his, mean, the boy should just give his, mean, the boy should just give his, Pragya, it seems we have become too many friends, hey, the Pragya, it seems we have become too many friends, hey, the Pragya, it seems we have become too many friends, hey, the boy should just give his, boy should just give his, boy should just give his, okay, okay, so have you had any such okay, okay, so have you had any such okay, okay, so have you had any such experience that you saw something, experience that you saw something, experience that you saw something, not in theatre, I not in theatre, I not in theatre, I mean, yes [laughs], hey, mean, yes [laughs], hey, mean, yes [laughs], hey, wait, friend, you start laughing even before completing the question, so wait, friend, you start laughing even before completing the question, so like, we have seen that like, we have seen that like, we have seen that sometimes, like, in the costumes of the actress, sometimes, like, in the costumes of the actress, sometimes, like, in the costumes of the actress, like, you know, luxury is also coming, then like, you know, luxury is also coming, then like, you know, luxury is also coming, then that is also being added on, so we must have that is also being added on, so we must have that is also being added on, so we must have seen all these things. seen all these things. seen all these things. Well, ideally it should not happen but it happens.   It is happening.   Okay okay, Well, ideally it should not happen but it happens.   It is happening.   Okay okay, fine.  Ok.  And fine.  Ok.  And fine.  Ok.  And Pragya, are you waiting to date someone? Pragya, are you waiting to date someone? Pragya, are you waiting to date someone? So, are you using any dating apps?   Have you So, are you using any dating apps?   Have you So, are you using any dating apps?   Have you ever tried it? ever tried it? ever tried it? Yes, I have tried it but Yes, I have tried it but Yes, I have tried it but which one did you try? which one did you try? which one did you try? Bumble. Bumble. Bumble. Okay, and did you try it in Delhi only? Okay, and did you try it in Delhi only? Okay, and did you try it in Delhi only? Burgh. Burgh. Burgh. Good.  And how was the experience? Good.  And how was the experience? Good.  And how was the experience? Nonsense.   I had gone, I had gone on a Nonsense.   I had gone, I had gone on a Nonsense.   I had gone, I had gone on a date. date. date. Can anyone tell me the worst date ever? Can anyone tell me the worst date ever? Can anyone tell me the worst date ever? Meaning it was very boring.  Very boring. Meaning it was very boring.  Very boring. Meaning it was very boring.  Very boring. Yes. Yes. Yes. Very much.  What did you say on the date, Very much.  What did you say on the date, Very much.  What did you say on the date, then I then I then I mean he was a very IT feel like corporate mean he was a very IT feel like corporate mean he was a very IT feel like corporate type person so I could type person so I could type person so I could not connect much so I just not connect much so I just not connect much so I just felt like having food [laughs] felt like having food [laughs] felt like having food [laughs] very nice he must be telling the same to his friends, very nice he must be telling the same to his friends, very nice he must be telling the same to his friends, a [ __ ] came and was a [ __ ] came and was a [ __ ] came and was talking about casting couch [laughs] and if talking about casting couch [laughs] and if talking about casting couch [laughs] and if you want the lead role then pay her bill you want the lead role then pay her bill you want the lead role then pay her bill and these two are your friends and these two are your friends and these two are your friends and they are just friends, and they are just friends, and they are just friends, yes this is just a platonic friendship of yes this is just a platonic friendship of yes this is just a platonic friendship of yours. yours. yours. No, no, he is a friend. No, no, he is a friend. No, no, he is a friend. Hey, what do you mean by Hey, what do you mean by Hey, what do you mean by platonic platonic platonic brother, tell me the meaning of platonic. When I came to you brother, tell me the meaning of platonic. When I came to you brother, tell me the meaning of platonic. When I came to you [laughs], I said the same thing, right? I said the same thing, right? I said the same thing, right? So you also said the same thing.   Did So you also said the same thing.   Did So you also said the same thing.   Did you think of anything else?  If any of these two you think of anything else?  If any of these two you think of anything else?  If any of these two asks you on a date, you will say yes.   I will asks you on a date, you will say yes.   I will asks you on a date, you will say yes.   I will say no to both of them. say no to both of them. say no to both of them. Both of them, what oh oh Both of them, what oh oh [laughs] today is going to be an attack [laughs] today is going to be an attack [laughs] today is going to be an attack because I know a lot because I know a lot because I know a lot about these two, about these two, about these two, these people are absolutely disgusting [laughs] I these people are absolutely disgusting [laughs] I these people are absolutely disgusting [laughs] I mean mean mean Leichardt Leichardt Leichardt himself is telling that it's not platonic, I himself is telling that it's not platonic, I himself is telling that it's not platonic, I am Leichardt, am Leichardt, am Leichardt, yes, yes, yes, true, do you true, do you true, do you know about any of their scandals, know about any of their scandals, know about any of their scandals, oh a lot oh a lot oh a lot oh tell me, then you tell me, I will give you ₹500, oh tell me, then you tell me, I will give you ₹500, oh tell me, then you tell me, I will give you ₹500, yes [laughs] then yes [laughs] then yes [laughs] then give it to all three of us, yes, give it to all three of us, yes, give it to all three of us, yes, yes, together you get ₹500, so yes, I did yes, together you get ₹500, so yes, I did yes, together you get ₹500, so yes, I did n't get it brother, yes, yes, n't get it brother, yes, yes, n't get it brother, yes, yes, okay, let's tell you, it okay, let's tell you, it okay, let's tell you, it depends on the scandal, yes, depends on the scandal, yes, depends on the scandal, yes, like Abhijeet had a breakup [laughs], like Abhijeet had a breakup [laughs], like Abhijeet had a breakup [laughs], so Abhijeet had a friend of his, she was his friend, I so Abhijeet had a friend of his, she was his friend, I so Abhijeet had a friend of his, she was his friend, I mean, she was a friend of a friend, so mean, she was a friend of a friend, so mean, she was a friend of a friend, so he talked to her friend, so they he talked to her friend, so they he talked to her friend, so they went on a date, okay, now after the date, she said, it was went on a date, okay, now after the date, she said, it was went on a date, okay, now after the date, she said, it was 11:30 at night, so 11:30 at night, so 11:30 at night, so she said, if you want to have tea, then she said, if you want to have tea, then she said, if you want to have tea, then come upstairs, it was the come upstairs, it was the come upstairs, it was the fourth floor, oh what kids, Dolly fourth floor, oh what kids, Dolly fourth floor, oh what kids, Dolly went on a date with the tea seller, went on a date with the tea seller, went on a date with the tea seller, brother, it was her wish, brother, it was her wish, brother, it was her wish, yes, okay, okay, yes, she said, yes  Tea, yes, okay, okay, yes, she said, yes  Tea, yes, okay, okay, yes, she said, yes  Tea, yes if you call, you have to go, so when we yes if you call, you have to go, so when we yes if you call, you have to go, so when we went upstairs, she started making tea, went upstairs, she started making tea, went upstairs, she started making tea, then after that the atmosphere became a little heated, then after that the atmosphere became a little heated, then after that the atmosphere became a little heated, oh after drinking tea, I started feeling hot, so I took off my shirt, oh after drinking tea, I started feeling hot, so I took off my shirt, oh after drinking tea, I started feeling hot, so I took off my shirt, yes no, yes no, yes no, after that the atmosphere became a little after that the atmosphere became a little after that the atmosphere became a little heated [laughs] heated [laughs] heated [laughs] which tea was this brother?  Long Island Eye which tea was this brother?  Long Island Eye which tea was this brother?  Long Island Eye C. C. C. Ok.  Yes, the atmosphere became heated. Ok.  Yes, the atmosphere became heated. Ok.  Yes, the atmosphere became heated. Then after that, make out etc. Then after that, make out etc. Then after that, make out etc. started.  Then after some time, no, okay, yes, started.  Then after some time, no, okay, yes, okay, sorry, okay, sorry, okay, sorry, sorry, yes, this detail is left.   Yes, it was sorry, yes, this detail is left.   Yes, it was sorry, yes, this detail is left.   Yes, it was very much. very much. very much. Delhi Crime Season 3. Delhi Crime Season 3. Delhi Crime Season 3. So he went with Abhijeet, right? So he went with Abhijeet, right? So he went with Abhijeet, right? Hey, Abhijeet, yes Hey, Abhijeet, yes Hey, Abhijeet, yes Abhijeet, with whom he had gone, then that Abhijeet, with whom he had gone, then that Abhijeet, with whom he had gone, then that girl's phone was getting a call from someone named Niharika.  I was coming anyway.  I was coming anyway.  I was coming anyway. girl's phone was getting a call from someone named Niharika.  I was coming anyway.  I was coming anyway.  I was coming anyway. Brother, if she asks Brother, if she asks Brother, if she asks who are you talking about, I have a friend who is a fool and keeps on teasing me like this, then who are you talking about, I have a friend who is a fool and keeps on teasing me like this, then Abhijeet says, okay keep the Abhijeet says, okay keep the Abhijeet says, okay keep the mic close to you, yes, mic close to you, yes, mic close to you, yes, Abhijeet says, okay, Abhijeet says, okay, Abhijeet says, okay, then Abhijeet made me ignore her, later then Abhijeet made me ignore her, later then Abhijeet made me ignore her, later when all this happened, I mean, when Abhijeet did the when all this happened, I mean, when Abhijeet did the when all this happened, I mean, when Abhijeet did the makeup etc., then did Abhijeet wear her clothes, did he makeup etc., then did Abhijeet wear her clothes, did he makeup etc., then did Abhijeet wear her clothes, did he wear the girl's clothes, wear the girl's clothes, wear the girl's clothes, oh friend brother, there is a problem in jeans and that, oh friend brother, there is a problem in jeans and that, oh friend brother, there is a problem in jeans and that, only in t-shirt, then at that time only in t-shirt, then at that time only in t-shirt, then at that time she wore shorts etc., so she she wore shorts etc., so she she wore shorts etc., so she wore a bra, no no, wore a bra, no no, wore a bra, no no, shorts and shorts and shorts and shorts, okay, she wore the shorts of this girl. shorts, okay, she wore the shorts of this girl. shorts, okay, she wore the shorts of this girl. Yes, okay, okay.  So now he was Yes, okay, okay.  So now he was Yes, okay, okay.  So now he was completely excited.  [laughs] completely excited.  [laughs] completely excited.  [laughs] Cross Dresser I Like It.  I give 500. Cross Dresser I Like It.  I give 500. Cross Dresser I Like It.  I give 500. [laughs] Then there was a [laughs] Then there was a [laughs] Then there was a very loud knocking sound on the gate. very loud knocking sound on the gate. very loud knocking sound on the gate. Around 1:30 or 2 in the night.  [laughter] Around 1:30 or 2 in the night.  [laughter] Around 1:30 or 2 in the night.  [laughter] Okay.  Now I have Okay.  Now I have Okay.  Now I have eaten the Nihari. eaten the Nihari. eaten the Nihari. When Abhijeet went to the washroom to change.   To dress When Abhijeet went to the washroom to change.   To dress When Abhijeet went to the washroom to change.   To dress myself. myself. myself. Wearing your own. Wearing your own. Wearing your own. He saw that a washing machine was kept there.  There was a He saw that a washing machine was kept there.  There was a He saw that a washing machine was kept there.  There was a hammer on it.  [laughs] hammer on it.  [laughs] hammer on it.  [laughs] Hold on hold, so now when that guy came inside, Hold on hold, so now when that guy came inside, Hold on hold, so now when that guy came inside, he came and sat on the bed, Abhijeet was he came and sat on the bed, Abhijeet was he came and sat on the bed, Abhijeet was sitting separately, Abhijeet is saying, friend, sitting separately, Abhijeet is saying, friend, sitting separately, Abhijeet is saying, friend, who has come at this time at 2:00, and at this who has come at this time at 2:00, and at this who has come at this time at 2:00, and at this moment that girl says to you that moment that girl says to you that moment that girl says to you that he is my acquaintance, you are sorry, yes, then he is my acquaintance, you are sorry, yes, then he is my acquaintance, you are sorry, yes, then he says that he is my acquaintance, then he says that he is my acquaintance, then he says that he is my acquaintance, then Abhijeet says, okay Abhijeet sat for a while, then Abhijeet says, okay Abhijeet sat for a while, then Abhijeet says, okay Abhijeet sat for a while, then after a while after a while after a while that boy asked the question, who is he, then when that boy asked the question, who is he, then when that boy asked the question, who is he, then when Abhijeet is asked the question.  Abhijeet was like, Abhijeet is asked the question.  Abhijeet was like, Abhijeet is asked the question.  Abhijeet was like, brother, I am like this, he said that he is my brother, I am like this, he said that he is my brother, I am like this, he said that he is my friend's friend.  So now those people have gone away. friend's friend.  So now those people have gone away. friend's friend.  So now those people have gone away. This is stopped.  [laughter] This is stopped.  [laughter] This is stopped.  [laughter] Drinking tea.  He is drinking tea.   He is Drinking tea.  He is drinking tea.   He is Drinking tea.  He is drinking tea.   He is drinking tea.  Good easy Abhijeet, drinking tea.  Good easy Abhijeet, drinking tea.  Good easy Abhijeet, I told him more [laughs] I told him more [laughs] I told him more [laughs] very nice.  Yes. very nice.  Yes. very nice.  Yes. So Abhijeet then waited for a while after that. So Abhijeet then waited for a while after that. So Abhijeet then waited for a while after that. Then Abhijeet said, I will make some Then Abhijeet said, I will make some Then Abhijeet said, I will make some changes. changes. changes. Oh again. Oh again. Oh again. Yes.  Now go inside wearing your clothes. Yes.  Now go inside wearing your clothes. Yes.  Now go inside wearing your clothes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Abhijeet went to the washroom.  Now Abhijeet did Abhijeet went to the washroom.  Now Abhijeet did Abhijeet went to the washroom.  Now Abhijeet did not know what to do.  So the not know what to do.  So the not know what to do.  So the corn was kept there.  Now there was a hammer outside. corn was kept there.  Now there was a hammer outside. corn was kept there.  Now there was a hammer outside. So Abhijeet thought that the guy might be So Abhijeet thought that the guy might be So Abhijeet thought that the guy might be standing there with a hammer.  So Abhijeet also standing there with a hammer.  So Abhijeet also standing there with a hammer.  So Abhijeet also picked up the corn.  [laughs] I'm having a lot of fun, brother.  Abhijeet is doing well fun, brother.  Abhijeet is doing well fun, brother.  Abhijeet is doing well brother. brother. brother. Now Abhijeet picked up the corn.  Abhijeet came out. Now Abhijeet picked up the corn.  Abhijeet came out. Now Abhijeet picked up the corn.  Abhijeet came out. I'll move up in SEO, man.  [laughter] I'm I'll move up in SEO, man.  [laughter] I'm I'll move up in SEO, man.  [laughter] I'm saying I'll move up to SEO. saying I'll move up to SEO. saying I'll move up to SEO. CID [laughs] CID [laughs] CID [laughs] Yes, so Abhijeet picked up the mug.  Now as soon as Yes, so Abhijeet picked up the mug.  Now as soon as Yes, so Abhijeet picked up the mug.  Now as soon as the gate was opened the hammer was there.  The guy was also the gate was opened the hammer was there.  The guy was also the gate was opened the hammer was there.  The guy was also sitting there.  Abhijeet threw the mug. sitting there.  Abhijeet threw the mug. sitting there.  Abhijeet threw the mug. Abhijeet went out.  Abhijeet said bye. Abhijeet went out.  Abhijeet said bye. Abhijeet went out.  Abhijeet said bye. Abhijeet left.   I survived. Abhijeet left.   I survived. Now the whole scene is not over here, right? Now the whole scene is not over here, right? Now the whole scene is not over here, right? Good season two.  Yes.  No no, the forest is still running. Good season two.  Yes.  No no, the forest is still running. So after this, when Abhijeet was going to such a house, he was So after this, when Abhijeet was going to such a house, he was So after this, when Abhijeet was going to such a house, he was getting calls from that guy on Instagram. getting calls from that guy on Instagram. Yes. Yes. Yes. So those calls are coming and Abhijeet is So those calls are coming and Abhijeet is So those calls are coming and Abhijeet is ignoring them.  Then later ignoring them.  Then later ignoring them.  Then later that guy sent a message to Abhijeet saying that that guy sent a message to Abhijeet saying that that guy sent a message to Abhijeet saying that till date I had never raised my hand on her but till date I had never raised my hand on her but till date I had never raised my hand on her but because of you I did raise my hand today.  Then because of you I did raise my hand today.  Then because of you I did raise my hand today.  Then after 2 minutes he abused Abhijeet. after 2 minutes he abused Abhijeet. after 2 minutes he abused Abhijeet. Abhijeet said, remove it.  Ok.  And Abhijeet said, remove it.  Ok.  And Abhijeet said, remove it.  Ok.  And then came the photo.  The photo came the next day. then came the photo.  The photo came the next day. then came the photo.  The photo came the next day. Abhijeet was driving the clothes he was wearing. Abhijeet was driving the clothes he was wearing. Abhijeet was driving the clothes he was wearing. What was he doing?  He was driving. What was he doing?  He was driving. What was he doing?  He was driving. Wow, wow, what a story, brother.   It's still Wow, wow, what a story, brother.   It's still Wow, wow, what a story, brother.   It's still not over after that.   It's still not over. not over after that.   It's still not over. Look, Abhijeet has been very upset for the last one and a half to two weeks because of this, Look, Abhijeet has been very upset for the last one and a half to two weeks because of this, Look, Abhijeet has been very upset for the last one and a half to two weeks because of this, not only this, other people are also not only this, other people are also not only this, other people are also calling him and saying that brother, you did calling him and saying that brother, you did calling him and saying that brother, you did wrong.   You did wrong.   You did wrong.   You did this to that brother, friend.  What a this to that brother, friend.  What a this to that brother, friend.  What a scene this is and everyone is making Instagram calls. scene this is and everyone is making Instagram calls. scene this is and everyone is making Instagram calls. Abhijeet did not get the number leaked [laughs]. Abhijeet did not get the number leaked [laughs]. Abhijeet did not get the number leaked [laughs]. Okay, okay.  I will give it to you brother.  I have a lot of money. Okay, okay.  I will give it to you brother.  I have a lot of money. People should not feel that People should not feel that People should not feel that whose story is next, should I give him the whose story is next, should I give him the whose story is next, should I give him the mike? mike? mike? What?  Yes, yes. What?  Yes, yes. What?  Yes, yes. People should not think that I am a cheater. People should not think that I am a cheater. People should not think that I am a cheater. Brother, do you want to know any story?   Have Brother, do you want to know any story?   Have Brother, do you want to know any story?   Have you ever done any mischief in your life? you ever done any mischief in your life? you ever done any mischief in your life? Lots of them. Lots of them. Lots of them. Yes, tell me. Yes, tell me. Yes, tell me. So basically, Kand means an adventurous type of So basically, Kand means an adventurous type of So basically, Kand means an adventurous type of scandal has been committed.  By the way, I was scandal has been committed.  By the way, I was scandal has been committed.  By the way, I was fighting with a bear once. fighting with a bear once. fighting with a bear once. What?   Have What?   Have What?   Have you fought a bear? you fought a bear? you fought a bear? Once.   The Once.   The Once.   The real bear? real bear? real bear? Yes, then tell me this. Yes, then tell me this. Yes, then tell me this. You even ran away in fear.   I You even ran away in fear.   I You even ran away in fear.   I mean, mean, mean, hey bear, don't you?  No. No.  Actual hey bear, don't you?  No. No.  Actual hey bear, don't you?  No. No.  Actual bear.  [laughter] bear.  [laughter] bear.  [laughter] Hey, who tells it so casually, brother?   When there is a Hey, who tells it so casually, brother?   When there is a Hey, who tells it so casually, brother?   When there is a fight with a dog, people say, "Brother, fight with a dog, people say, "Brother, fight with a dog, people say, "Brother, kill the dog."  [laughter] You've come back from fighting a bear. kill the dog."  [laughter] You've come back from fighting a bear. kill the dog."  [laughter] You've come back from fighting a bear. Tell me what scene?  Where did all this happen? Tell me what scene?  Where did all this happen? Tell me what scene?  Where did all this happen? So basically I went to McClord.  So after that I was doing So basically I went to McClord.  So after that I was doing So basically I went to McClord.  So after that I was doing trekking etc. trekking etc. trekking etc. Yes. Yes. Yes. So what do I So what do I So what do I say if I went trekking?  There is a Trivund. say if I went trekking?  There is a Trivund. say if I went trekking?  There is a Trivund. Brought snow line above Trivand.  Meaning, there are Brought snow line above Trivand.  Meaning, there are Brought snow line above Trivand.  Meaning, there are mountains ahead.  So I did a trek for five to six days. mountains ahead.  So I did a trek for five to six days. mountains ahead.  So I did a trek for five to six days. One day I stopped at Trim.  Then yes, I focused so much on my boyfriend.   So I didn't yes, I focused so much on my boyfriend.   So I didn't yes, I focused so much on my boyfriend.   So I didn't date him back.  She date him back.  She date him back.  She told him that she did not want to know the itinerary.  [laughter] Okay. told him that she did not want to know the itinerary.  [laughter] Okay. told him that she did not want to know the itinerary.  [laughter] Okay. Ok.  Yes.  So should I Ok.  Yes.  So should I Ok.  Yes.  So should I give him the GPS location?  Yes dear.  Yes.  Ok. give him the GPS location?  Yes dear.  Yes.  Ok. give him the GPS location?  Yes dear.  Yes.  Ok. Come to the point a little.  Yes. Come to the point a little.  Yes. Come to the point a little.  Yes. Yes.  So basically I went there one day and there was heavy snowfall that day so it was like Yes.  So basically I went there one day and there was heavy snowfall that day so it was like Yes.  So basically I went there one day and there was heavy snowfall that day so it was like a cave. a cave. a cave. I track alone.  So why is the solo I track alone.  So why is the solo I track alone.  So why is the solo track track track feeling like this to me?  The bear is going to kick your ass. feeling like this to me?  The bear is going to kick your ass. feeling like this to me?  The bear is going to kick your ass. [laughter] I'm [laughter] I'm [laughter] I'm telling you.  I am telling you.  So basically, if I do telling you.  I am telling you.  So basically, if I do telling you.  I am telling you.  So basically, if I do solo tracks, then I do solo tracks, so I do it solo tracks, then I do solo tracks, so I do it solo tracks, then I do solo tracks, so I do it alone.   The alone.   The alone.   The bear took out a hammer.  [laughter] bear took out a hammer.  [laughter] bear took out a hammer.  [laughter] So basically, right?  So there was heavy snow. So basically, right?  So there was heavy snow. So basically, right?  So there was heavy snow. So I went and sat inside a cave and So I went and sat inside a cave and So I went and sat inside a cave and said that when the snow will go away. said that when the snow will go away. said that when the snow will go away. After that I will go out. After that I will go out. After that I will go out. And you were alone.   was And you were alone.   was And you were alone.   was alone.  Yes, okay. alone.  Yes, okay. alone.  Yes, okay. So suddenly a bear also came into that cave.   The So suddenly a bear also came into that cave.   The So suddenly a bear also came into that cave.   The bear had come into that cave. bear had come into that cave. bear had come into that cave. You had fun. You had fun. This seems like a very casual story to me.  Yes, all right, the bear is here. This seems like a very casual story to me.  Yes, all right, the bear is here. This seems like a very casual story to me.  Yes, all right, the bear is here. Yes, I was coming to Kev.  I mean, Kev was at the Yes, I was coming to Kev.  I mean, Kev was at the Yes, I was coming to Kev.  I mean, Kev was at the entrance and I entrance and I entrance and I rang the bell inside.  [laughter] No, no. rang the bell inside.  [laughter] No, no. Hey, I could see the light, right?   Was Hey, I could see the light, right?   Was Hey, I could see the light, right?   Was not coming.  I could see it, I not coming.  I could see it, I not coming.  I could see it, I started shouting and wailing again. started shouting and wailing again. started shouting and wailing again. You started yelling and screaming.  I had a stick with me and You started yelling and screaming.  I had a stick with me and You started yelling and screaming.  I had a stick with me and I threw it and I threw it and I threw it and hit him. hit him. hit him. Where did the stick come from?  Those sticks while trekking, Where did the stick come from?  Those sticks while trekking, good, good. good, good. good, good. These people are saying throw your stick. These people are saying throw your stick. These people are saying throw your stick. I had a stick, then a sausage with sand.  [laughter] I had a stick, then a sausage with sand.  [laughter] I had a stick, then a sausage with sand.  [laughter] How can I feed myself with so little?  So How can I feed myself with so little?  So How can I feed myself with so little?  So basically I had a stick, so I threw it and basically I had a stick, so I threw it and basically I had a stick, so I threw it and hit him.   So it happened a hit him.   So it happened a hit him.   So it happened a little bit like this.  Then he was little bit like this.  Then he was little bit like this.  Then he was pelted with stones and ultimately pelted with stones and ultimately pelted with stones and ultimately he ran away.  And my stick fell down.   The he ran away.  And my stick fell down.   The he ran away.  And my stick fell down.   The stick fell down.  And that bear was big.   Yes, yes.   Hey, it would have stick fell down.  And that bear was big.   Yes, yes.   Hey, it would have eaten me up. eaten me up. eaten me up. 1 minute yes and brother you had said that he had 1 minute yes and brother you had said that he had 1 minute yes and brother you had said that he had fought with a bear.  Yes, he fought, fought with a bear.  Yes, he fought, fought with a bear.  Yes, he fought, threw the stick and said bear ji please.  Bear, let threw the stick and said bear ji please.  Bear, let threw the stick and said bear ji please.  Bear, let me go.  [laughter] me go.  [laughter] me go.  [laughter] I beg of you.  Brother bear has I beg of you.  Brother bear has I beg of you.  Brother bear has done something to you.   No. No done something to you.   No. No done something to you.   No. No ? ? ? No, no, he shouted. No, no, he shouted. No, no, he shouted. Oh, the bear saw his cave.  [laughter] It was Oh, the bear saw his cave.  [laughter] It was Oh, the bear saw his cave.  [laughter] It was bigger, it was just more.  Ok.  Ok. bigger, it was just more.  Ok.  Ok. bigger, it was just more.  Ok.  Ok. Clap once for this.  [Praise] You should have Clap once for this.  [Praise] You should have Clap once for this.  [Praise] You should have given it to him.  Well, there was a story, right? given it to him.  Well, there was a story, right? given it to him.  Well, there was a story, right? Ok.  Ok. Ok.  Ok. Ok.  Ok. What all do they do to What all do they do to What all do they do to Gandhiji's hair [laughs]. Gandhiji's hair [laughs]. Gandhiji's hair [laughs]. Brother, give it to him.  Ok.  Ok.   Let us go.  Can I Brother, give it to him.  Ok.  Ok.   Let us go.  Can I Brother, give it to him.  Ok.  Ok.   Let us go.  Can I talk to someone one last time?  Is there talk to someone one last time?  Is there talk to someone one last time?  Is there anyone who wants to talk to himself anyone who wants to talk to himself anyone who wants to talk to himself ?  Any of you?   Is ?  Any of you?   Is ?  Any of you?   Is anyone there? anyone there? anyone there? Tell the story. Tell the story. Tell the story. Hey brother, you guys are fine.  Sir, can I talk to you Hey brother, you guys are fine.  Sir, can I talk to you Hey brother, you guys are fine.  Sir, can I talk to you ?  Lastly, we will talk to someone like ?  Lastly, we will talk to someone like ?  Lastly, we will talk to someone like you sir, yes we can, give him the mic, you sir, yes we can, give him the mic, you sir, yes we can, give him the mic, hello sir, what is your name hello sir, what is your name hello sir, what is your name Manish, what do you do Manish, what do you do Manish, what do you do Manish ji, you are in electronics business in your life, Manish ji, you are in electronics business in your life, okay, I mean you have a shop or a okay, I mean you have a shop or a okay, I mean you have a shop or a warehouse, warehouse, warehouse, okay, you have a warehouse, I mean you are a big player, no, no, okay, you have a warehouse, I mean you are a big player, no, no, okay, you have a warehouse, I mean you are a big player, no, no, okay, average [laughs] okay, average [laughs] okay, average [laughs] hey, I am not Nirmala Sitharaman, hey, I am not Nirmala Sitharaman, hey, I am not Nirmala Sitharaman, no brother, it is just a small one [laughs] you will take no brother, it is just a small one [laughs] you will take no brother, it is just a small one [laughs] you will take my money, see, I am distributing it among the my money, see, I am distributing it among the my money, see, I am distributing it among the poor people here, okay, so for how many years have poor people here, okay, so for how many years have poor people here, okay, so for how many years have you been doing this business? you been doing this business? you been doing this business? For 2530 years. For 2530 years. For 2530 years. Okay, so I forgot about your relationships, Okay, so I forgot about your relationships, Okay, so I forgot about your relationships, who was next to you?  Hey hey, he is who was next to you?  Hey hey, he is who was next to you?  Hey hey, he is asking about relationship family relationship.  They are saying this is an asking about relationship family relationship.  They are saying this is an asking about relationship family relationship.  They are saying this is an open relationship.  Yes, so with whom have you open relationship.  Yes, so with whom have you open relationship.  Yes, so with whom have you come sir?  Meaning she come sir?  Meaning she come sir?  Meaning she is a wife. is a wife. is a wife. She is your wife. She is your wife. She is your wife. Daughter Sun-il's law. Daughter Sun-il's law. Daughter Sun-il's law. Sun-il Law.  Yes, yes. Sun-il Law.  Yes, yes. Sun-il Law.  Yes, yes. This is our This is our This is our father in law. father in law. father in law. Father in law. Father in law. Father in law. In law.   Elder brother.  Okay In law.   Elder brother.  Okay In law.   Elder brother.  Okay okay.  Let's go.  ah sir okay.  Let's go.  ah sir okay.  Let's go.  ah sir how did you get married?  Was it a love marriage or an how did you get married?  Was it a love marriage or an how did you get married?  Was it a love marriage or an arranged marriage? arranged marriage? arranged marriage? Arranged marriage. Arranged marriage. Arranged marriage. Okay, okay, how many years have Okay, okay, how many years have Okay, okay, how many years have you been married? you been married? you been married? 30 years. 30 years. 30 years. 30 years.   The 30 years.   The 30 years.   The wife saved me from behind.   She is wife saved me from behind.   She is wife saved me from behind.   She is 30 years old and 30 years old and 30 years old and 94 years old. 94 years old. 94 years old. Well, it will be 31 now.  So how was Well, it will be 31 now.  So how was Well, it will be 31 now.  So how was your journey?   It your journey?   It your journey?   It was great.  amazing. was great.  amazing. was great.  amazing. What do you think right now?  Whatever these kids are doing these days. What do you think right now?  Whatever these kids are doing these days. What happened today is that for the first time we saw that this is what the What happened today is that for the first time we saw that this is what the What happened today is that for the first time we saw that this is what the children have brought.  So today two things were children have brought.  So today two things were children have brought.  So today two things were seen. seen. seen. Yes.  Did you like it overall? Yes.  Did you like it overall? Yes.  Did you like it overall? Yes, I liked seeing something different. No, no, no, I Yes, I liked seeing something different. No, no, no, I Yes, I liked seeing something different. No, no, no, I saw two things. One, I used to saw two things. One, I used to saw two things. One, I used to hear about generation gap. I saw how slimy it is after coming here hear about generation gap. I saw how slimy it is after coming here hear about generation gap. I saw how slimy it is after coming here [laughs]. Whenever there was [laughs]. Whenever there was [laughs]. Whenever there was any discussion about generation, I used to say, hey friend, there is a any discussion about generation, I used to say, hey friend, there is a any discussion about generation, I used to say, hey friend, there is a generation gap, I mean, not of our children and theirs. Okay, okay, generation gap, I mean, not of our children and theirs. Okay, okay, generation gap, I mean, not of our children and theirs. Okay, okay, okay, so okay, so okay, so you saw brother, how is the generation gap? you saw brother, how is the generation gap? you saw brother, how is the generation gap? How many children do you have? Well, she is a How many children do you have? Well, she is a How many children do you have? Well, she is a daughter. This is daughter. This is daughter. This is a boy daughter. Okay, if we assume a boy daughter. Okay, if we assume a boy daughter. Okay, if we assume hypothetically that you would have a son, hypothetically that you would have a son, hypothetically that you would have a son, yes, and he would have narrated this story, yes, and he would have narrated this story, yes, and he would have narrated this story, and you would have seen it on YouTube.  You and you would have seen it on YouTube.  You and you would have seen it on YouTube.  You heard that story heard that story heard that story that he went into the house, what do you call it that he went into the house, what do you call it that he went into the house, what do you call it ? ? ? No, I told you about the generation gap again No, I told you about the generation gap again No, I told you about the generation gap again but you still keep him in your business but you still keep him in your business but you still keep him in your business or take him out. or take him out. or take him out. No, I can't say that now [laughs] No, I can't say that now [laughs] No, I can't say that now [laughs] you seem like such a cool dad.  Are you a cool dad you seem like such a cool dad.  Are you a cool dad you seem like such a cool dad.  Are you a cool dad by the way? by the way? by the way? Yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes. Well, it depends on it.   It Well, it depends on it.   It depends on how good you are in what business. depends on how good you are in what business. Well, that boy is in the business, brother. Well, that boy is in the business, brother. Well, that boy is in the business, brother. Do you want your bear back?  [Laughter] Do you want your bear back?  [Laughter] Do you want your bear back?  [Laughter] And I noticed one more thing at your place, one of them was the And I noticed one more thing at your place, one of them was the And I noticed one more thing at your place, one of them was the generation gap. generation gap. generation gap. Yes sir.  And have you seen the power of a 500 rupee note? Yes sir.  And have you seen the power of a 500 rupee note? Yes sir.  And have you seen the power of a 500 rupee note? This is Generation Bikaau.   I am going after This is Generation Bikaau.   I am going after This is Generation Bikaau.   I am going after seeing two things.  I used to listen earlier.   I am actually seeing two things.  I used to listen earlier.   I am actually seeing two things.  I used to listen earlier.   I am actually saying ₹500, that's how I used to hear it. saying ₹500, that's how I used to hear it. saying ₹500, that's how I used to hear it. Hey, money has great power, friend.  Yes, I am going to see it. Hey, money has great power, friend.  Yes, I am going to see it. Hey, money has great power, friend.  Yes, I am going to see it. Look Sir, in your time, when you used to Look Sir, in your time, when you used to Look Sir, in your time, when you used to go to college, only then did you have fun like this, no, no, not like this, not like this, even go to college, only then did you have fun like this, no, no, not like this, not like this, even we did not do it like this Sir, we did not do it like this Sir, we did not do it like this Sir, but like you, that was a but like you, that was a but like you, that was a different time, yes, I different time, yes, I different time, yes, I mean, your boy friends, mean, your boy friends, mean, your boy friends, like the ones we have now, they all remain on their phones.  It was like the ones we have now, they all remain on their phones.  It was like the ones we have now, they all remain on their phones.  It was all fun on F, there was no all fun on F, there was no all fun on F, there was no friend circle opinion.  He friend circle opinion.  He friend circle opinion.  He is just in business.  After marriage, is just in business.  After marriage, is just in business.  After marriage, everyone is busy so there is no such meeting.   awesome awesome. everyone is busy so there is no such meeting.   awesome awesome. I will ask you one last thing. I will ask you one last thing. What message would you like to give to this current generation?   The What message would you like to give to this current generation?   The What message would you like to give to this current generation?   The message is that whatever decision you take in life, message is that whatever decision you take in life, message is that whatever decision you take in life, think carefully before taking it think carefully before taking it think carefully before taking it because life is because life is because life is not as easy as you think.  I mean, as we have seen, not as easy as you think.  I mean, as we have seen, not as easy as you think.  I mean, as we have seen, life is very tough and you should take any decision after life is very tough and you should take any decision after life is very tough and you should take any decision after thinking carefully.  Rest is fine.   did thinking carefully.  Rest is fine.   did thinking carefully.  Rest is fine.   did you get it?  [laughter]