[Applause] Let's
all clap for Abhinash.
Who shouted immediately? Okay, okay, friend.
You got impressed by the iPhone itself. [laughter]
He's like, he has an iPhone? Do
you want an iPhone? No. Sugar Mommy, do
you know what happens?
Whom? [laughs]
Hey, I didn't ask you to give an intro. That's what
I'm telling you [laughs]. Do you know
what a sugar mommy is? What happens? I
mean like it is a romantic relationship but
in favor means like
fulfilling a need [laughs] in
return in
return means whatever it is like
giving gifts etc. like
you are in a normal relationship
I am single right now so
with whom have you come then okay okay have
you ever had a relationship.
No, no,
I am not asking you. He
said no, I will not tell. I was
in a relationship but like sugar, oh no,
not sugar daddy [laughs] it happened like this, no no, there was
no sugar daddy,
I used to take gifts, brother you guys are a couple
sir, okay, okay you are
married, yes okay,
you know this concept of sugar daddy has been
put on the spot, I told them that this will create a
rift in our married life, you
know, sir, you know the concept of
sugar mommy, oh are you
saying yes to everything,
I am asking them, is it okay for a married person.
You know sir kind of kind of
okay ma'am you know.
You don't know today. Okay sir, then you please
explain it [laughs]
I also know everything,
yes, let's tell you liar, yes
[laughs] I
think the experienced people will
tell.
You are married, so
you have experience? No no no, not about this thing, he is
playing it safe, he is a
married man, right? So, okay, let's go,
clap once for these four
[praise], so it's a
very simple concept, I will
talk to you in the crowd, if you give a very good
answer or tell some good story, then
I have brought money, no matter how
good an answer you give, I will give you ₹500,
okay, so I have brought this money,
okay
[praise],
just now a sparkle has come in his eyes, he is
saying brother, I am ready. That girl is saying
yes I will do it. Even if you don't blur it,
I am in it. I will do this much for ₹500.
Now all of them will become these, right?
Ok. Ok. So we will leave it a little open ended.
Ok? If any of you
have such a story, any life story or
any other story which is a bit interesting. We will
make it fun whatever you want to share.
Like if your boyfriend has
cheated. Or you yourself have cheated.
[laughter] Does anyone have anything like that? Did any of your
boyfriends cheat on you?
Your boyfriend did it to you. Will you be okay with it
? Okay brother, give him the mic. Hello
hello hi what is your name?
Saloni is speaking. Can
everyone hear it?
Ok. Yes. So Saloni what is the scene? When
is she single or dating right now?
No, she is still dating. She is still
dating. Meaning the lesson has not been learnt.
Okay. When did this accident happen? It keeps happening.
What is this, brother? Give me 500 rupees
[laughs] he is
saying give me 500
rupees right now hey it has been happening I mean wait a minute then it
seems to me that you are not that bastard okay okay
yes how did it happen then the
recent one
something happened in November last year
so basically I am very much that type because people
call me toxic because
people call you toxic [laughs]
okay
because I have hacked his call logs,
his location, and his Instagram,
Facebook, WhatsApp everything.
You are not called toxic, you are called psycho. Yes,
you ate all this.
So wait a minute you knew that
he was cheating, that's why you did this.
Yes, I also don't know.
And how did you know?
I don't know whether it's a cheat or not. I mean,
yes, we know that, we figure it out.
What did he do? So basically
I don't like him
going near any girl. Even if she is his colleague or if I touch her
while dancing, then I
am a bit toxic like that. Many people
say that if
someone goes to a girl then there is
no problem, like he used to lie to me and go. He was
telling me that I am at home. Meaning
we are in a living relationship. And I used to be
in the office but I have night shift so I used to be
in the office and after his office he used to go
out somewhere, then when
he told me that he was going to this place,
what I used to do was the next day I used to
go to Facebook pages and see the photos of the same place and in that [laughs]
I don't know that girl but she
seems right to me.
Okay, so you went and checked all that.
Yes, then whenever I got something, I would
show him the screenshot and would
wake up at 3:00 in the night and ask him what he was doing.
Because I had a shift. Did
you guys break your head and do all this?
What is this?
Well, then this kept happening
many times. Then what I am
talking about in November,
I had his location and he did not know that he was doing it.
So there is a place
outside on MG Road. [laughs] So that's it,
brother, I know everything about MG Road,
yes, there is a bar on MG Road, it's kind of a
bar, right? It's a
good bar, yes, yes, I
mean, what happens there,
yes, it's a
shady place,
yes, then [laughs]
all the men are saying, yes,
tell me the address, okay, okay, sir, you
guys don't agree [laughs] your wives are right next door,
how do you know, yes, okay,
continue, yes,
then I had the location, I mean, actually I had gone
out with my friends and he had told me that I was at
my friends' house. Ok? And
I made a video call. He was at home
and after some time my
party was over. Then I started calling him.
So he was not answering. So I
called his friend whose house he was at
and I left. 4:00 at night. His
friend said, hey, those people left from here long ago.
But you had the location, right? Yes yes, that
means maybe he was not there that day or I did
not get it checked, something like that, his phone was switched off, that is why the
location was not visible, okay, then
I went to his friend's house, he said hey, he is there right now,
no, they went out with five-
six friends, so I must have thought that at
this place, at this time, he
can go to only one place, I also went to that place
and the
road, yes yes yes, at that
place and actually
what is the scene there,
normally girls from outside are
not allowed to go, but at five in the morning
you say that I have taken a job, I have
not taken a job there, but I told them hey,
my friend is calling me inside.
These bastards are looking at it like this [laughs]. Does
n't she seem so naughty?
Yes, okay.
So then they let him go because
almost he was about to be released. That means it
runs till 6:00 pm. Was he going to be
released? Was that a school?
Hey, he had gone to see a mujra. Has
his warning bell rung?
Yes, okay. He was about to be released. So when I went
there, what happened was that I said that
last time this guy had told me that
no, nothing like this had happened. I
held her hand here, so what I did this time was
as soon as I opened the door, I
started recording on my phone so that there should be some proof.
So there is also a room inside MG Road. That was
not the room. Like there are such club bar type things, so
I said that
wherever I see this, I will make the video first.
Ok? So then he was
saying something in the ear of a girl there. Ok?
They were talking and he was just about to hug me
and I made a video and
said, "You got caught, you got caught, were
you guys playing side-hustle, that I was going to do that,
I smeared him, you
lost, you lost."
And then that video, "There's
no sadness in your eyes," she said, "
What was it like, brother?" [laughter], "I've become a pro in the police, thief." And
he was shocked, "How did he get to this point?" He was
saying, "You bastard," "Brother,
play that video,
not just one." Then I sent that video to his home, to his
friends, to everyone.
[laughter] It
was toxic, brother,
how's it going?
Yes, now wait a minute, the guy knows all this,
he's reformed now. [laughter]
That's it.
This isn't for you, give him that offering.
This is your
MG [laughter]
This one is saying, then he goes to MG Road and
goes, "
Great, great, clap once for this."
[Praise] It was
fun, wasn't it fun? Yes, and someone else has something like that. It could be
something else,
like in an exam. I cheated, I
exploded a bomb in school, yes [laughs]
I will tell you about yesterday, I will
tell you about tomorrow, okay brother, yes give the
mic to him. saw? I can see greed in your eyes right now
, right? [laughs] That could get ₹500.
Yes.
Yes, so I was telling you that yesterday was Brother's Day,
so my very old friend, I mean, with
whom I was classmates two-three years ago.
Not even a friend, she was strange.
Strange.
Yes. It was
strange. She would go to MG Road to catch him like this. She used to
wear glasses [laughs].
Yes. Glasses, it was weird when she wore glasses.
Very nice, brother. You are from outside, right?
Yes. [laughter]
Okay, it was weird. Yes. Yes, as I was telling you, yesterday
suddenly he wrote to me
Happy Brothers Day on Instagram. [laughter]
Now I understand why he's sounding weird?
I send it
with the sisterhood [laughs].
You wrote this to her,
yes, after that she writes, oh yes
Rohit,
yes, after that the
guy did not read the show and said, look at the chat. Yes yes
ok. Ok. You said yes sister, yes it's
okay. Also added the written emoji. After that
he writes, yes brother, today is really
Brothers Day.
Yes.
Then I wrote my friend by mistake.
Yes brother, I am really
sorry to you [laughs]
that today's generation has completely lost their control.
This was his point.
So, is this your friend?
Not there.
This
you guys really do all this work brother and you are
preparing for NEET. [laughs]
Not like this on Insta.
What do girls do with all these things? It
came randomly, right?
Who thinks he is lying?
Hey, let me show you. I
need proof. I
need proof. Should I
show you the proof?
Yes yes show me brother. [laughs]
I even put in the story.
Story
Brother, you are posting a story about something that should be deleted.
Wait, show me here, brother. Have a Happy
Brothers Day. I have
removed the one in front of it, that I have really
removed a lot.
Okay, let me see what happens next.
Now it will be fun, let's see
what happens next, okay, okay, I have got the
entire chat now
[laughs] it has just
escalated, no,
wait, wait,
I was messaging you too, today a
lot of people liked you, he has written like this, that's
right,
yes [laughs]
now where has this chat escalated to?
He has written that you were liked by many people. The
girl has written that I am like this. [laughter]
Then this is writing to walk.
So she's writing Walking is all [laughs]
everybody talks about. Everyone used to talk.
Mumbai or English. Yes yes
ok. Ok. Ok. He has
written it.
Many people like it. He has written all this.
Then he wrote it. Four people is a lot.
Hey, your hair is curly. Wow.
I am reading this with pause
because each message has been posted separately.
Your hair is curly. Wow.
How nice they are. I am jealous of you.
Seriously
[laughs] I'm
laughing at my own humiliation.
No disrespect. Your hair is legit good.
Brother would have also asked the name of the shampoo.
And tell me about being in Delhi in life.
He has written that life is going on, he has a friend
circle, he is
talking about his brother [laughs]
everyone is quiet
and the girl is writing that he takes today's test series, that's why
everyone is in theatres,
hey brother, it's great, it's great, clap once for this.
Now tell me, should I give a pass for this chat
or not?
No.
What, girls have become anti. Okay
and the boys are saying give it to me. Ok?
So I ask only a sensible person.
What do you think ma'am? You should give him
money. Give me 250.
Hey, is this MG Road? He said, make me a broker.
Brother, please give me 250 rupees. That much is possible.
Ma'am, you tell me. If you say so, I will give it to you. Ok.
Ma'am said if you have to give then you will have to give.
Who said that? Hey brother, okay, okay brother,
take it, it's good, clap once for that.
Hello hello whose voice is that brother? Hello hi
hi what does Pragya do in life?
I'm doing my PhD right now.
Hey, are you joking? Like this [laughs]
brother, you are happy with everything. You look like a
B.Com student to me, brother. [laughs]
Rafi Yash ji, so what is your
topic,
theatre, I am a theatre artist, why are
you guys laughing, have
you done any research till now, if you can tell us,
so I belong to Uttarakhand, so
there is a community call, so I am working
on it,
what like Natnati, so that is what I am working on, so
your research is going on in that, right now,
how do you do this research,
field work, going there, meeting those people,
documenting them, everything, so
how does the concept of theatre work?
Like there is casting couch in movies. It happens
in theatre also.
What are you talking about? Yes.
Poor people are also doing it. [laughter]
So how do they do that?
Ah that we will give you the lead character in the play.
So backstage backstage
? [laughter]
Yes.
Does the light go out? What theater were you guys
doing hey? He is saying that the backstage lights came on.
Brother, that is where the light goes. Yes.
Yes. So, I will
give you the lead character. Yes. So how do I mean
how do I communicate?
Now I don't have that much idea. It happened to me, I don't know.
Yes, yes, every actor says this.
No, but I've heard that it's happened to people.
So, but people
like directors call them separately
and tell them that if
you want the lead character then come to my house and we will
practice there once.
And people remain willing like this. What do
you think? We
do 50% of your research, not 50%,
and it happens like this, suppose there is a
boy and he is straight,
but he has a director, a
very big director,
and
you guys have come here to play, he must be there,
if he tells him that brother, if you
want a lead role, then you will have to come, so what, I think, this is
not happening so much in theatre, but the thing is
that people would do it in films, this is
not happening so much in theatre, I mean, how much, I
mean, the boy should just give his,
Pragya, it seems we have become too many friends, hey, the
boy should just give his,
okay, okay, so have you had any such
experience that you saw something,
not in theatre, I
mean, yes [laughs], hey,
wait, friend, you start laughing even before completing the question, so
like, we have seen that
sometimes, like, in the costumes of the actress,
like, you know, luxury is also coming, then
that is also being added on, so we must have
seen all these things.
Well, ideally it should not happen but it happens. It is happening. Okay okay,
fine. Ok. And
Pragya, are you waiting to date someone?
So, are you using any dating apps? Have you
ever tried it?
Yes, I have tried it but
which one did you try?
Bumble.
Okay, and did you try it in Delhi only?
Burgh.
Good. And how was the experience?
Nonsense. I had gone, I had gone on a
date.
Can anyone tell me the worst date ever?
Meaning it was very boring. Very boring.
Yes.
Very much. What did you say on the date,
then I
mean he was a very IT feel like corporate
type person so I could
not connect much so I just
felt like having food [laughs]
very nice he must be telling the same to his friends,
a [ __ ] came and was
talking about casting couch [laughs] and if
you want the lead role then pay her bill
and these two are your friends
and they are just friends,
yes this is just a platonic friendship of
yours.
No, no, he is a friend.
Hey, what do you mean by
platonic
brother, tell me the meaning of platonic. When I came to you
[laughs],
I said the same thing, right?
So you also said the same thing. Did
you think of anything else? If any of these two
asks you on a date, you will say yes. I will
say no to both of them.
Both of them, what oh oh
[laughs] today is going to be an attack
because I know a lot
about these two,
these people are absolutely disgusting [laughs] I
mean
Leichardt
himself is telling that it's not platonic, I
am Leichardt,
yes,
true, do you
know about any of their scandals,
oh a lot
oh tell me, then you tell me, I will give you ₹500,
yes [laughs] then
give it to all three of us, yes,
yes, together you get ₹500, so yes, I did
n't get it brother, yes, yes,
okay, let's tell you, it
depends on the scandal, yes,
like Abhijeet had a breakup [laughs],
so Abhijeet had a friend of his, she was his friend, I
mean, she was a friend of a friend, so
he talked to her friend, so they
went on a date, okay, now after the date, she said, it was
11:30 at night, so
she said, if you want to have tea, then
come upstairs, it was the
fourth floor, oh what kids, Dolly
went on a date with the tea seller,
brother, it was her wish,
yes, okay, okay, yes, she said, yes Tea,
yes if you call, you have to go, so when we
went upstairs, she started making tea,
then after that the atmosphere became a little heated,
oh after drinking tea, I started feeling hot, so I took off my shirt,
yes no,
after that the atmosphere became a little
heated [laughs]
which tea was this brother? Long Island Eye
C.
Ok. Yes, the atmosphere became heated.
Then after that, make out etc.
started. Then after some time, no, okay, yes,
okay, sorry,
sorry, yes, this detail is left. Yes, it was
very much.
Delhi Crime Season 3.
So he went with Abhijeet, right?
Hey, Abhijeet, yes
Abhijeet, with whom he had gone, then that
girl's phone was getting a call from someone named Niharika. I was coming anyway. I was coming anyway. I was coming anyway.
Brother, if she asks
who are you talking about, I have a friend who is a fool and keeps on teasing me like this, then
Abhijeet says, okay keep the
mic close to you, yes,
Abhijeet says, okay,
then Abhijeet made me ignore her, later
when all this happened, I mean, when Abhijeet did the
makeup etc., then did Abhijeet wear her clothes, did he
wear the girl's clothes,
oh friend brother, there is a problem in jeans and that,
only in t-shirt, then at that time
she wore shorts etc., so she
wore a bra, no no,
shorts and
shorts, okay, she wore the shorts of this girl.
Yes, okay, okay. So now he was
completely excited. [laughs]
Cross Dresser I Like It. I give 500.
[laughs] Then there was a
very loud knocking sound on the gate.
Around 1:30 or 2 in the night. [laughter]
Okay. Now I have
eaten the Nihari.
When Abhijeet went to the washroom to change. To dress
myself.
Wearing your own.
He saw that a washing machine was kept there. There was a
hammer on it. [laughs]
Hold on hold, so now when that guy came inside,
he came and sat on the bed, Abhijeet was
sitting separately, Abhijeet is saying, friend,
who has come at this time at 2:00, and at this
moment that girl says to you that
he is my acquaintance, you are sorry, yes, then
he says that he is my acquaintance, then
Abhijeet says, okay Abhijeet sat for a while, then
after a while
that boy asked the question, who is he, then when
Abhijeet is asked the question. Abhijeet was like,
brother, I am like this, he said that he is my
friend's friend. So now those people have gone away.
This is stopped. [laughter]
Drinking tea. He is drinking tea. He is
drinking tea. Good easy Abhijeet,
I told him more [laughs]
very nice. Yes.
So Abhijeet then waited for a while after that.
Then Abhijeet said, I will make some
changes.
Oh again.
Yes. Now go inside wearing your clothes.
Okay.
Abhijeet went to the washroom. Now Abhijeet did
not know what to do. So the
corn was kept there. Now there was a hammer outside.
So Abhijeet thought that the guy might be
standing there with a hammer. So Abhijeet also
picked up the corn. [laughs] I'm having a lot of
fun, brother. Abhijeet is doing well
brother.
Now Abhijeet picked up the corn. Abhijeet came out.
I'll move up in SEO, man. [laughter] I'm
saying I'll move up to SEO.
CID [laughs]
Yes, so Abhijeet picked up the mug. Now as soon as
the gate was opened the hammer was there. The guy was also
sitting there. Abhijeet threw the mug.
Abhijeet went out. Abhijeet said bye.
Abhijeet left. I survived.
Now the whole scene is not over here, right?
Good season two. Yes. No no, the forest is still running.
So after this, when Abhijeet was going to such a house, he was
getting calls from that guy on Instagram.
Yes.
So those calls are coming and Abhijeet is
ignoring them. Then later
that guy sent a message to Abhijeet saying that
till date I had never raised my hand on her but
because of you I did raise my hand today. Then
after 2 minutes he abused Abhijeet.
Abhijeet said, remove it. Ok. And
then came the photo. The photo came the next day.
Abhijeet was driving the clothes he was wearing.
What was he doing? He was driving.
Wow, wow, what a story, brother. It's still
not over after that. It's still not over.
Look, Abhijeet has been very upset for the last one and a half to two weeks because of this,
not only this, other people are also
calling him and saying that brother, you did
wrong. You did
this to that brother, friend. What a
scene this is and everyone is making Instagram calls.
Abhijeet did not get the number leaked [laughs].
Okay, okay. I will give it to you brother. I have a lot of money.
People should not feel that
whose story is next, should I give him the
mike?
What? Yes, yes.
People should not think that I am a cheater.
Brother, do you want to know any story? Have
you ever done any mischief in your life?
Lots of them.
Yes, tell me.
So basically, Kand means an adventurous type of
scandal has been committed. By the way, I was
fighting with a bear once.
What? Have
you fought a bear?
Once. The
real bear?
Yes, then tell me this.
You even ran away in fear. I
mean,
hey bear, don't you? No. No. Actual
bear. [laughter]
Hey, who tells it so casually, brother? When there is a
fight with a dog, people say, "Brother,
kill the dog." [laughter] You've come back from fighting a bear.
Tell me what scene? Where did all this happen?
So basically I went to McClord. So after that I was doing
trekking etc.
Yes.
So what do I
say if I went trekking? There is a Trivund.
Brought snow line above Trivand. Meaning, there are
mountains ahead. So I did a trek for five to six days.
One day I stopped at Trim. Then
yes, I focused so much on my boyfriend. So I didn't
date him back. She
told him that she did not want to know the itinerary. [laughter] Okay.
Ok. Yes. So should I
give him the GPS location? Yes dear. Yes. Ok.
Come to the point a little. Yes.
Yes. So basically I went there one day and there was heavy snowfall that day so it was like
a cave.
I track alone. So why is the solo
track
feeling like this to me? The bear is going to kick your ass.
[laughter] I'm
telling you. I am telling you. So basically, if I do
solo tracks, then I do solo tracks, so I do it
alone. The
bear took out a hammer. [laughter]
So basically, right? So there was heavy snow.
So I went and sat inside a cave and
said that when the snow will go away.
After that I will go out.
And you were alone. was
alone. Yes, okay.
So suddenly a bear also came into that cave. The
bear had come into that cave.
You had fun.
This seems like a very casual story to me. Yes, all right, the bear is here.
Yes, I was coming to Kev. I mean, Kev was at the
entrance and I
rang the bell inside. [laughter] No, no.
Hey, I could see the light, right? Was
not coming. I could see it, I
started shouting and wailing again.
You started yelling and screaming. I had a stick with me and
I threw it and
hit him.
Where did the stick come from? Those sticks while trekking,
good, good.
These people are saying throw your stick.
I had a stick, then a sausage with sand. [laughter]
How can I feed myself with so little? So
basically I had a stick, so I threw it and
hit him. So it happened a
little bit like this. Then he was
pelted with stones and ultimately
he ran away. And my stick fell down. The
stick fell down. And that bear was big. Yes, yes. Hey, it would have
eaten me up.
1 minute yes and brother you had said that he had
fought with a bear. Yes, he fought,
threw the stick and said bear ji please. Bear, let
me go. [laughter]
I beg of you. Brother bear has
done something to you. No. No
?
No, no, he shouted.
Oh, the bear saw his cave. [laughter] It was
bigger, it was just more. Ok. Ok.
Clap once for this. [Praise] You should have
given it to him. Well, there was a story, right?
Ok. Ok.
What all do they do to
Gandhiji's hair [laughs].
Brother, give it to him. Ok. Ok. Let us go. Can I
talk to someone one last time? Is there
anyone who wants to talk to himself
? Any of you? Is
anyone there?
Tell the story.
Hey brother, you guys are fine. Sir, can I talk to you
? Lastly, we will talk to someone like
you sir, yes we can, give him the mic,
hello sir, what is your name
Manish, what do you do
Manish ji, you are in electronics business in your life,
okay, I mean you have a shop or a
warehouse,
okay, you have a warehouse, I mean you are a big player, no, no,
okay, average [laughs]
hey, I am not Nirmala Sitharaman,
no brother, it is just a small one [laughs] you will take
my money, see, I am distributing it among the
poor people here, okay, so for how many years have
you been doing this business?
For 2530 years.
Okay, so I forgot about your relationships,
who was next to you? Hey hey, he is
asking about relationship family relationship. They are saying this is an
open relationship. Yes, so with whom have you
come sir? Meaning she
is a wife.
She is your wife.
Daughter Sun-il's law.
Sun-il Law. Yes, yes.
This is our
father in law.
Father in law.
In law. Elder brother. Okay
okay. Let's go. ah sir
how did you get married? Was it a love marriage or an
arranged marriage?
Arranged marriage.
Okay, okay, how many years have
you been married?
30 years. The
wife saved me from behind. She is
30 years old and
94 years old.
Well, it will be 31 now. So how was
your journey? It
was great. amazing.
What do you think right now? Whatever these kids are doing these days.
What happened today is that for the first time we saw that this is what the
children have brought. So today two things were
seen.
Yes. Did you like it overall?
Yes, I liked seeing something different. No, no, no, I
saw two things. One, I used to
hear about generation gap. I saw how slimy it is after coming here
[laughs]. Whenever there was
any discussion about generation, I used to say, hey friend, there is a
generation gap, I mean, not of our children and theirs. Okay, okay,
okay, so
you saw brother, how is the generation gap?
How many children do you have? Well, she is a
daughter. This is
a boy daughter. Okay, if we assume
hypothetically that you would have a son,
yes, and he would have narrated this story,
and you would have seen it on YouTube. You
heard that story
that he went into the house, what do you call it
?
No, I told you about the generation gap again
but you still keep him in your business
or take him out.
No, I can't say that now [laughs]
you seem like such a cool dad. Are you a cool dad
by the way?
Yes, yes, yes.
Well, it depends on it. It
depends on how good you are in what business.
Well, that boy is in the business, brother.
Do you want your bear back? [Laughter]
And I noticed one more thing at your place, one of them was the
generation gap.
Yes sir. And have you seen the power of a 500 rupee note?
This is Generation Bikaau. I am going after
seeing two things. I used to listen earlier. I am actually
saying ₹500, that's how I used to hear it.
Hey, money has great power, friend. Yes, I am going to see it.
Look Sir, in your time, when you used to
go to college, only then did you have fun like this, no, no, not like this, not like this, even
we did not do it like this Sir,
but like you, that was a
different time, yes, I
mean, your boy friends,
like the ones we have now, they all remain on their phones. It was
all fun on F, there was no
friend circle opinion. He
is just in business. After marriage,
everyone is busy so there is no such meeting. awesome awesome.
I will ask you one last thing.
What message would you like to give to this current generation? The
message is that whatever decision you take in life,
think carefully before taking it
because life is
not as easy as you think. I mean, as we have seen,
life is very tough and you should take any decision after
thinking carefully. Rest is fine. did
you get it? [laughter]
