Guys, the
bill of one lakh rupees has been blown brother, look brother, the
thing I was waiting for has finally arrived
and brother's account has been credited, finally
we are back on Badal brother, finally brother I just
wanted to spend one and a half boxes,
now it is out of my pocket, now he must have got some
relief, hey guys, how are you, it is very
sad brother, it is fine, I was
not able to upload the video for two days because I suffered a
huge loss brother.
I am in a very serious loss right now because I have
lost ₹1.5 lakh, brother.
I just had it. It hasn't even been a year yet.
And look,
look brother, the entire screen is broken from the bottom. The
minimum cost is ₹00. So
I'm not going to get it fixed because that's what it is.
Then if I get it repaired, brother, if it
opens again then it will create problems.
So because of this I was not able to upload the video.
And a lot of damage was done.
How is it brother? It happened in the car. As I was
closing the window of the Thar, it fell out
of my lower pocket and as soon as
I closed the window, it came down inside.
Then he fell on the road.
I picked it up and saw that half of its screen had moved down.
So due to this I have not uploaded any video for two days
because look brother, I am
using capcut but the capcut is not working. I am going to
give the same right now.
Look guys, as I am opening the gap cut, the
options are not coming from below, it is blacked out, so
today is the second day, so today we are going to buy the phone, let's
see which
phone we get, we will buy whatever phone we get, okay
brother, so guys let's go
brother, we are getting late, let's go already
brother because I am having a problem brother, I am
really not able to work because of the phone
because everything remains in the phone, brother, I
know you guys, whatever it is like,
you guys stay tuned and we will show you whatever phone is there, let's go there, so
brother we are ready,
okay and for now I am
blogging from the same phone
because the camera is not damaged.
His display got damaged and these guys
are all ready to go. Someone is editing,
someone is sitting. So come on guys let's go.
Rest we will go to Vijay Sales.
I had seen it in chroma. I
tried Croma but there they were showing
very high or very low value of my phone.
So that's why we didn't like chroma,
brother.
Gaius
and where did we go before that?
Where did you go before Chroma? You had also gone to digital
and before digital, I went to a shop in the west, there was an
iPhone shop, he had
quoted a very low price but Vijay
Sales had quoted a good price for my
phone, so we will go to Vijay Sales and guys, we will
take F there and see whatever is there, F will come
today, F will come, F will come
[laughs] the
kite is cut, so guys, let's go, we have
left and in a few days our lift
is going to run, you will
jump from here, you have gone
mad brother, you will jump brother,
if you love me, then jump
brother, I said this, it is a matter of love, so
brother, we switched off the lights. Now this
is our flat brother. O
jump O brother, you have gone mad. I
feel like I could jump.
Come brother, come quickly.
Desi boy.
So guys, finally we have left
for brother Vijay Sales and
now we are about to leave our society.
Look brother, have
you ever seen society?
In VIP.
Make it. So guys, we're going to start out from here.
So brother, I have left for my shop,
sorry, from the store side.
Brother, not the shop. Now the
rest of the brothers should go out of their society.
Guys, I haven't decided yet which
one to take and which one not to take. Move away
brother. Move out.
Hey
hey the car is coming.
So guys look here. I do
n't like this rudeness of yours.
Look at this.
Come on brother.
Uncle is standing.
Uncle, guys, look here.
Brother, do you know why you felt it
? It seems to me that there
is darkness inside this street, brother?
Yes. Yes,
see how many people are there here, there is
not that much time right now,
tell me why don't you wear your belt, you will wear it
before the red light comes
brother, if I don't tell him, he
cannot take care of anything, I am telling you the truth
brother, he is making a face, maybe there is nothing here,
Dikhurvi
listen, Apurv was giving a C, let me see Apurv's
reaction brother, now go on like this, this
four and a quarter rupee horse
in the black horse.
So guys let's go. Alright, you guys stay tuned.
A Few Moments Later.
So guys, finally we have come
to Vijay Sales and here we will now see
which one to decide. Ok? Let's go to
Guy's now. Ok? So F
is in front. So let's see guys, whatever color it is, we will take that. Will you take
orange Sameer Bhai? Orange. So Guys F came to
pick it up. I understand this one is F.
But currently only three colors are
available in it. Ok? So
I am getting confused.
As I was telling you guys that
this
white one,
everyone has it. That's why it is in trend brother.
Everyone has it, that's why it is in trend.
So guys, please tell me by commenting.
I'll probably take that much by the time you comment.
This one is not available quickly,
this one is not available quickly brother, you
understand that this one is not available quickly Sameer
Bhai, I am saying take the white brother, guys
you tell me white colour is the best friend one hour later, so guys
after waiting for a long time
now we are going to make the payment Sameer Bhai, okay I
think it took us one to one and a half hour and now we are going to make the
payment Sameer Bhai, finally
with the card and he will get the phone in his hand, no no there is no
problem friend,
big promises keep on being made in small towns
bro.
So brother, it took a lot of time to become Billville here. It took
one and a half hours.
So no problem friend, let's get the
payment deducted first.
First guys, then after that the seal will
open.
Ok. So after that, when the phone comes, I will
show it to you. This Badal Bhai is in full look,
absolutely amazing with slippers and baggy
jeans. The look is okay and look what these people are
doing here. Children are
playing children's games. Look, at this age he is
playing a child's game. It
seems that no matter what the age, the
childishness remains in the mind,
this childishness should remain forever and should
not go away.
So these two guys are playing the game. So let
them play. I am enjoying it. Let me enjoy.
So guys, finally the payment has been made.
Ok? And
now that weight is over. was
derived.
The car you were waiting for has arrived.
Ok. The
car did not come. And look at this Guy's Bill. The
bill is torn brother. Today the bill has been torn, Guru.
Okay, I won't show anyone. The
bill of ₹1.5 lakhs has been torn, brother. Are you
looking at the soles of your feet? The ground is slipping
slightly. Hey, don't fall, don't fall. Don't fall, don't fall.
Catch it, catch it, Badal Bhai. Catch hold.
Catch it, friend. The brothers are watching. The
class makes you
laugh but Badal Bhai is
standing
like a cockroach,
Badal Bhai will tell you how to stand,
listen.
Ok. After that, a
few moments later,
now that time has come. My F is about to come
brother. Billwill pay everything. Ok.
Ok. And look at the happiness brother.
Brother, the party will continue all night today.
What Singh Utkarsh Singh Utkarsh Singh, take whatever is
ours
brother. So what we were waiting for has finally arrived.
Brother, please see you now. I have received so many gifts also.
Ok.
Brother, I have received all these as gifts. So
whoever wants a gift
brother, this is a gift of at least ₹100, a gift
of ₹100 has been given brother,
tell me, it means so much, the name of Sameer Khan
is enough brother, see, come in small, take the name
Sameer Khan 0926,
okay, see brother, Sameer Bhai has taken the orange color,
congratulations, everything
is fine and brother's role is tough,
just now you went three days ago,
yes, I went three days ago, friend, yes, tell me,
after three days, Mashaallah, may Allah give you
progress brother, okay, then keep commenting
quickly, next month another surprise is coming,
Thar is coming, four four, see it
collided here, guys, the blog
collided with the block, matching f, guys, now look, orange match
and here also, a vogue will be made from both together,
okay,
brother, he gave it to me but he did
not give me anything, brother, they do
not give it to children,
this one f did not last long with me,
six months,
yes,
this f cheated me quickly, this f cheated me quickly,
I spent
six months and
eight It had been a month or something, eight months, but they
cheated, and that's when they hit me
So this is it, if someone gets a good comment, they will get
an F after a week. Guys,
okay,
do the unboxing first. Come on
brother, finally the time for unboxing has come.
Bhaiya is also seeing how much
time these people are taking. Come on Guru, where is he now?
Appu didi is there. Bhaiya, he is angry.
Okay, he got angry. The poor guy has taken his focus. He has come, he has come, he has come, he has come, he has come, he has come, he has to
talk about this.
Okay, send him to the meeting. It's
pending right now. It will be done tomorrow.
I also know how to do it like this. No
problem, I will do it tomorrow when I
go home. I will bring the F tomorrow. Guys,
these guys are refusing. Guys, if you want to do the
unboxing, do it today. Or if you
want to do it tomorrow, do it tomorrow.
I am saying do it tomorrow only. Brother,
we are leaving from here. Vijay
Sales. So whatever happened to us, we are
leaving all these things behind. The
reason is that I exchanged my phone, so for that I had to
exchange it. Data will also not be available
because it is closing time, so at
what time should I come tomorrow, then at
11:00 the store will still open, so
tomorrow the store will open at 11:00, then we will
come early brother, okay, so guys, the rest of the
blog will be continued tomorrow. I
will make it tomorrow and will also make a good reel
of the unboxing. Yes. So come on guys, I am
not able to wait.
Brother, I can't wait. But what are you saying
brother, I have done it for one day. Did you pay which bill it was
?
My brother has not given it.
Hey, give me everything. Give it to me tomorrow itself. No problem.
You will have to bring it.
Come on guys, right? Let's go. I
say this because you also want to watch the video. So, we will meet the rest of the guys. See
you tomorrow.
Ok? Right now. Utkarsh Bhai, see you tomorrow.
Ok.
So guys finally as I told you guys
brother we will go to get the phone tomorrow.
Yesterday our situation was such that
data transfer could not be done.
He had little time. Ok? It was closing time.
So as I told you,
next day we will go to collect the phone.
So right now we are here Bal Bhai is here, right guys he has applied
perfume
and I am also here, Gun is coming running
from there and look guys it rained today the road is getting
flooded a lot so
today we are going guys to finally get the phone so
whatever happens you guys keep watching by the way
I showed you a lot of things yesterday
in the blog so today we will
unbox the phone [music] 17 Pro Max oh brother are you
seeing the water, see how much it is filling up
brother wait let me show you from outside
brother see this
guys did you see how much water has filled up
brother here
brother this is a little area like that so
when it rains here the water gets
filled up a lot so
we are going
our security brother is standing there come on guys okay you guys stay tuned continue a few
moments later so
guys finally Gun has come and this is
Riya. So guys look at this, hi brother-in-law.
Hey,
all four of us are sitting here at the back. Two guys have come. There are
six of us sitting in this four seater.
Now look guys, we are standing here right now. The
red light is on and here we have to go
left. Ok? So we will reach there in just 5 minutes. I will meet
you
after you get there. So now we have
taken these two children. Look, the guys look like
twins. This is his height.
Going to the storehouse [sound of clearing throat].
Going to eat Bhandara. So guys let's go to the rest.
Ok? So guys, finally we are here
and our product is coming now.
What all are you going to get with brother F?
By the way, I showed it to you guys yesterday. So
show it to me once today also. Ok? So
brother has just gone to pick it up. I am happy
because brother is a new friend. Hi brother-in-law. Have
you also come? Yes, so
guys, look here, MacBook brother, take this
for editing, you need MacBook,
MacBook, it is
raining outside brother and there was a lot of
traffic, that is why we are a little late.
So let's make a small reel each.
By the way, I will not post the reel, it is only for status.
Ok? So let's see the rest guys.
You guys keep going. Sahil Bhai,
you make Vogue. Ok? The
time has come. Unboxing
unboxing is happening here brother. Ok.
Look is that guys. Oh my God, wow.
Wow wow nice.
Guys are doing the subbing. Are you watching?
Wow friend nice congratulations petty petty brother brother
public see all this thank
you brother I felt
thank you so much thank
you thank you thank you thank you guys
crowd show the crowd there you see
how much crowd is coming
so come on guys unboxing is done okay
congratulations comment quickly
what do you
see guys finally your brother has bought it
so look how much crowd was there here. Oh my god, I could
n't even make a video.
This is what should happen.
How are you feeling?
So Sameer Bhai, how are you feeling?
Feeling good, right? See heart. Oh wow it
is throbbing brother. So this is guys some f.
Wow man. I will also take it in my hand, friend.
New F Brand New Y. Oh brother, you look so cute.
How cool it looks brother. I enjoyed watching it. I have provided
data cable with it Sameer Bhai, it will
last the whole night today, oh ho, today DJ is
also going to come, one and a half
stomachs are gone, one and a half
stomachs brother, one and a half stomachs have fallen and now yes guys, I
forgot one more thing that Gungun has
also bought the new one, friend, their unboxing will
also happen soon,
oh
congratulations
Dod f guys, three boxes have been spent
here at once, so come on, no problem guys, I bought it.
Unboxing done. So I will meet you again in a
while. Sameer Bhai, would you like to say something to
your public? If you
want to talk then it's
later, right? So guys, congratulations to
Sameer Bhai.
Ok? And then fill it in the comments and
give lots of blessings to everyone together. May Allah give such great progress to Sameer Bhai.
Finally I got my new phone in my hands.
And I am also doing vlogging from the same phone.
Brother, the quality is great, number one and I am feeling sad
too brother. My phone is going here
brother. But I did
not use it for long. My phone did not last even a year. So
look, it was broken from here, guys. Let me show it to you guys.
Look, the screen below it was
all broken. So that's why we had to take the phone.
But none of this is the least phone I have used
in my hands. This has lasted for a maximum of 8 months.
After 8 months, I got
exchange retirement on my own brother. It
is his fault. It is not our fault. It's F's mistake
brother. F got spoiled. He did
not want to stay with us.
I just wanted to spend one and a half boxes, now my pocket is asleep. Now he must have
found peace. Now I am leaving this here.
Brother Vijay Sales, I will
not take this with me. Who knows, there might be some
loss after taking it away. Look at this.
Ok? That's the end of this story. Rest of the guys,
we still have a lot of stuff stored here.
Got a lot of stuff. So let's get out of here.
See you outside then. Ok? Guys,
finally we have arrived brother. Ok?
And we took it. So look guys
I am vlogging with new F brother. Ok
? So brother is saying that brother,
what kind of party will you throw brother? Now tell me
what kind of party should I give them?
Brother, what are you saying? Tell me brother.
Now tell me.
which party?
So brother, he took all the gifts in his hands.
Brother, you should have got it installed.
Yes, they get it installed. Let's get PVF done, right? Don't get it installed. If
he goes again, he will be there.
Guys, I have to get PVF done,
brother, Quality is
coming from behind, I am coming, sir,
okay, I am coming brother, Guru, so let's go now, let's see where we will go, first we will shoot, then we will meet you, okay, so guys, now we have come to
Saket Market, so we will
eat momos,
what happened brother,
yes, we will
shoot from behind, brother, there is a good place there, so
guys, now we will eat something first,
after that we will shoot. Oye hoye oh hoye what did you
see? What did you see? Brother, it is ours,
our three plates. We have three plates. Take it
brother, won't you eat it?
Hey, eat three. One chicken
listen listen listen listen brother do it one by one
chicken. There are three plates, right? Two steams.
Veg
two veg and one
and one chicken.
So guys let's eat first and then we will
meet you later. One hour later guys
yes look we are doubly happy brother hey wait wait
brother we are doubly happy I have called
and brother's account has come finally
so brother Badal 131 is finally back
brother I swear brother
okay so brother finally brother we were shooting for brother
we randomly got a mail brother okay
mail came
my account is left brother it will come inshallah
hey Badal Bhai just like that brother
brother the account has come here finally Badal
Bhai's Instagram account so
brother look everyone has gone
mad brother I am thinking are you
joking with me brother
finally we are back on
Badal Bhai finally brother brother
look brother the thing is happening a lot like this
brother the account has come brother
Maas
brother now the work will be done brother great but to
tell you the truth right now if no one listens brother the whole person
listens for sure then God heard my words brother I was
worried brother for a long time see brother
everyone's faces lit up suddenly
today Badal Bhai today you will throw a party brother it is a party brother
brother whatever happens is for good is
n't it friend Sameer
should be called, hey
you will come brother, they have accepted him,
now
Badal's account has also come, so
guys, thank you, I will have to bring it, I will have to
bring their account, brother, it will not come like this, so guys, one's
account will remain, one's account has come, that's it
brother, it is right friend, at least one of the two has
come, this is the hope that
everyone's account will come here.
[laughter] That
's right, brother. I haven't received any call from anyone yet.
No one is calling. No
one will know right now.
Brother, I will tell everyone as soon as possible.
Stop.
Brother, many people have learnt a lot in these two and a half months.
Who is what and who is
not. The remaining
strikes are still coming.
Come on guys, let's shoot now. See you after that.
Ok?
So guys, finally our shoot is
complete. Brother, now we are leaving for home and it is already
quite late. It will go away.
So first we have to leave this brother. After that,
Sahil Bhai and the three of us will go to
our flat again today, just like people go to their
flats daily. So guys, today was a very happy day
brother because I have bought a phone of one and a half
boxes and Badal Bhai's ID is back now
brother. So there was double double happiness, so just pray that
Insha Allah my ID will also come soon.
My ID will also come soon brother. And the rest of the
guys, we are going home now, so in
this vogue, yes, that's what I was saying, you should back out and go.
So guys, now we are
going to Purvi's house. After that we will
go to our home. It will be at least 1:00 by the time we reach
our flat because it will take
an hour to drop Purvi.
First give me a party.
The party will be held tomorrow, brother. It is getting late, will you
go to your home? It's
11 o'clock brother. Then there's a call from your house. I am
sure brother, if you
come from home then it is wrong.
Brother, after coming from home, where did I
give a party? There is no momo party now. Is
n't it Badal Bhai?
So guys, let's end today's blog here. I
hope you enjoyed the vlog. would have liked.
Like, comment, share and subscribe to the channel.
Took it.
So see you guys again in another lovely
vlog. Bye till then. Love you all.
Allah Hafiz. hello. Sat Sri Akal.
