Guys, the Guys, the Guys, the bill of one lakh rupees has been blown brother, look brother, the bill of one lakh rupees has been blown brother, look brother, the bill of one lakh rupees has been blown brother, look brother, the thing I was waiting for has finally arrived thing I was waiting for has finally arrived thing I was waiting for has finally arrived and brother's account has been credited, finally and brother's account has been credited, finally and brother's account has been credited, finally we are back on Badal brother, finally brother I just we are back on Badal brother, finally brother I just we are back on Badal brother, finally brother I just wanted to spend one and a half boxes, wanted to spend one and a half boxes, wanted to spend one and a half boxes, now it is out of my pocket, now he must have got some now it is out of my pocket, now he must have got some now it is out of my pocket, now he must have got some relief, hey guys, how are you, it is very relief, hey guys, how are you, it is very relief, hey guys, how are you, it is very sad brother, it is fine, I was sad brother, it is fine, I was sad brother, it is fine, I was not able to upload the video for two days because I suffered a not able to upload the video for two days because I suffered a not able to upload the video for two days because I suffered a huge loss brother. huge loss brother. huge loss brother. I am in a very serious loss right now because I have I am in a very serious loss right now because I have I am in a very serious loss right now because I have lost ₹1.5 lakh, brother. lost ₹1.5 lakh, brother. lost ₹1.5 lakh, brother. I just had it.  It hasn't even been a year yet. I just had it.  It hasn't even been a year yet. I just had it.  It hasn't even been a year yet. And look, And look, And look, look brother, the entire screen is broken from the bottom.  The look brother, the entire screen is broken from the bottom.  The look brother, the entire screen is broken from the bottom.  The minimum cost is ₹00.  So minimum cost is ₹00.  So minimum cost is ₹00.  So I'm not going to get it fixed because that's what it is. I'm not going to get it fixed because that's what it is. I'm not going to get it fixed because that's what it is. Then if I get it repaired, brother, if it Then if I get it repaired, brother, if it Then if I get it repaired, brother, if it opens again then it will create problems. opens again then it will create problems. opens again then it will create problems. So because of this I was not able to upload the video. So because of this I was not able to upload the video. So because of this I was not able to upload the video. And a lot of damage was done. And a lot of damage was done. And a lot of damage was done. How is it brother?  It happened in the car.  As I was How is it brother?  It happened in the car.  As I was How is it brother?  It happened in the car.  As I was closing the window of the Thar, it fell out closing the window of the Thar, it fell out closing the window of the Thar, it fell out of my lower pocket and as soon as of my lower pocket and as soon as of my lower pocket and as soon as I closed the window, it came down inside. I closed the window, it came down inside. I closed the window, it came down inside. Then he fell on the road. Then he fell on the road. Then he fell on the road. I picked it up and saw that half of its screen had moved down. I picked it up and saw that half of its screen had moved down. I picked it up and saw that half of its screen had moved down. So due to this I have not uploaded any video for two days So due to this I have not uploaded any video for two days So due to this I have not uploaded any video for two days because look brother, I am because look brother, I am because look brother, I am using capcut but the capcut is not working.   I am going to using capcut but the capcut is not working.   I am going to using capcut but the capcut is not working.   I am going to give the same right now. give the same right now. give the same right now. Look guys, as I am opening the gap cut, the Look guys, as I am opening the gap cut, the Look guys, as I am opening the gap cut, the options are not coming from below, it is blacked out, so options are not coming from below, it is blacked out, so options are not coming from below, it is blacked out, so today is the second day, so today we are going to buy the phone, let's today is the second day, so today we are going to buy the phone, let's today is the second day, so today we are going to buy the phone, let's see which see which see which phone we get, we will buy whatever phone we get, okay phone we get, we will buy whatever phone we get, okay phone we get, we will buy whatever phone we get, okay brother, so guys let's go brother, so guys let's go brother, so guys let's go brother, we are getting late, let's go already brother, we are getting late, let's go already brother, we are getting late, let's go already brother because I am having a problem brother, I am brother because I am having a problem brother, I am brother because I am having a problem brother, I am really not able to work because of the phone really not able to work because of the phone really not able to work because of the phone because everything remains in the phone, brother, I because everything remains in the phone, brother, I because everything remains in the phone, brother, I know you guys, whatever it is like, know you guys, whatever it is like, know you guys, whatever it is like, you guys stay tuned and we will show you whatever phone is there, let's go there, so you guys stay tuned and we will show you whatever phone is there, let's go there, so you guys stay tuned and we will show you whatever phone is there, let's go there, so brother we are ready, brother we are ready, brother we are ready, okay and for now I am okay and for now I am okay and for now I am blogging from the same phone blogging from the same phone blogging from the same phone because the camera is not damaged. because the camera is not damaged. because the camera is not damaged. His display got damaged and these guys His display got damaged and these guys His display got damaged and these guys are all ready to go.  Someone is editing, are all ready to go.  Someone is editing, are all ready to go.  Someone is editing, someone is sitting.  So come on guys let's go. someone is sitting.  So come on guys let's go. someone is sitting.  So come on guys let's go. Rest we will go to Vijay Sales. Rest we will go to Vijay Sales. Rest we will go to Vijay Sales. I had seen it in chroma.  I I had seen it in chroma.  I I had seen it in chroma.  I tried Croma but there they were showing tried Croma but there they were showing tried Croma but there they were showing very high or very low value of my phone. very high or very low value of my phone. very high or very low value of my phone. So that's why we didn't like chroma, So that's why we didn't like chroma, So that's why we didn't like chroma, brother. brother. brother. Gaius Gaius Gaius and where did we go before that? and where did we go before that? and where did we go before that? Where did you go before Chroma?  You had also gone to digital Where did you go before Chroma?  You had also gone to digital Where did you go before Chroma?  You had also gone to digital and before digital, I went to a shop in the west, there was an and before digital, I went to a shop in the west, there was an and before digital, I went to a shop in the west, there was an iPhone shop, he had iPhone shop, he had iPhone shop, he had quoted a very low price but Vijay quoted a very low price but Vijay quoted a very low price but Vijay Sales had quoted a good price for my Sales had quoted a good price for my Sales had quoted a good price for my phone, so we will go to Vijay Sales and guys, we will phone, so we will go to Vijay Sales and guys, we will phone, so we will go to Vijay Sales and guys, we will take F there and see whatever is there, F will come take F there and see whatever is there, F will come take F there and see whatever is there, F will come today, F will come, F will come today, F will come, F will come today, F will come, F will come [laughs] the [laughs] the [laughs] the kite is cut, so guys, let's go, we have kite is cut, so guys, let's go, we have kite is cut, so guys, let's go, we have left and in a few days our lift left and in a few days our lift left and in a few days our lift is going to run, you will is going to run, you will is going to run, you will jump from here, you have gone jump from here, you have gone jump from here, you have gone mad brother, you will jump brother, mad brother, you will jump brother, mad brother, you will jump brother, if you love me, then jump if you love me, then jump if you love me, then jump brother, I said this, it is a matter of love, so brother, I said this, it is a matter of love, so brother, I said this, it is a matter of love, so brother, we switched off the lights.  Now this brother, we switched off the lights.  Now this brother, we switched off the lights.  Now this is our flat brother.  O is our flat brother.  O is our flat brother.  O jump O brother, you have gone mad.   I jump O brother, you have gone mad.   I jump O brother, you have gone mad.   I feel like I could jump. feel like I could jump. feel like I could jump. Come brother, come quickly. Come brother, come quickly. Come brother, come quickly. Desi boy. Desi boy. Desi boy. So guys, finally we have left So guys, finally we have left So guys, finally we have left for brother Vijay Sales and for brother Vijay Sales and for brother Vijay Sales and now we are about to leave our society. now we are about to leave our society. Look brother, have Look brother, have Look brother, have you ever seen society? you ever seen society? you ever seen society? In VIP. In VIP. In VIP. Make it.  So guys, we're going to start out from here. Make it.  So guys, we're going to start out from here. Make it.  So guys, we're going to start out from here. So brother, I have left for my shop, So brother, I have left for my shop, So brother, I have left for my shop, sorry, from the store side. sorry, from the store side. sorry, from the store side. Brother, not the shop.  Now the Brother, not the shop.  Now the Brother, not the shop.  Now the rest of the brothers should go out of their society. rest of the brothers should go out of their society. rest of the brothers should go out of their society. Guys, I haven't decided yet which Guys, I haven't decided yet which Guys, I haven't decided yet which one to take and which one not to take.   Move away one to take and which one not to take.   Move away one to take and which one not to take.   Move away brother.  Move out. brother.  Move out. brother.  Move out. Hey Hey Hey hey the car is coming. hey the car is coming. hey the car is coming. So guys look here.   I do So guys look here.   I do So guys look here.   I do n't like this rudeness of yours. n't like this rudeness of yours. n't like this rudeness of yours. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Come on brother. Come on brother. Come on brother. Uncle Uncle Uncle Uncle is standing. Uncle is standing. Uncle is standing. Uncle, guys, look here. Uncle, guys, look here. Uncle, guys, look here. Brother, do you know why you felt it Brother, do you know why you felt it Brother, do you know why you felt it ?  It seems to me that there ?  It seems to me that there ?  It seems to me that there is darkness inside this street, brother? is darkness inside this street, brother? is darkness inside this street, brother? Yes.  Yes, Yes.  Yes, Yes.  Yes, see how many people are there here, there is see how many people are there here, there is see how many people are there here, there is not that much time right now, not that much time right now, not that much time right now, tell me why don't you wear your belt, you will wear it tell me why don't you wear your belt, you will wear it before the red light comes before the red light comes before the red light comes brother, if I don't tell him, he brother, if I don't tell him, he brother, if I don't tell him, he cannot take care of anything, I am telling you the truth cannot take care of anything, I am telling you the truth brother, he is making a face, maybe there is nothing here, brother, he is making a face, maybe there is nothing here, Dikhurvi Dikhurvi Dikhurvi listen, Apurv was giving a C, let me see Apurv's listen, Apurv was giving a C, let me see Apurv's listen, Apurv was giving a C, let me see Apurv's reaction brother, now go on like this, this reaction brother, now go on like this, this reaction brother, now go on like this, this four and a quarter rupee horse four and a quarter rupee horse four and a quarter rupee horse in the black horse. in the black horse. in the black horse. So guys let's go.  Alright, you guys stay tuned. So guys let's go.  Alright, you guys stay tuned. So guys let's go.  Alright, you guys stay tuned. A Few Moments Later. A Few Moments Later. A Few Moments Later. So guys, finally we have come So guys, finally we have come So guys, finally we have come to Vijay Sales and here we will now see to Vijay Sales and here we will now see to Vijay Sales and here we will now see which one to decide.  Ok?  Let's go to which one to decide.  Ok?  Let's go to which one to decide.  Ok?  Let's go to Guy's now.  Ok?  So F Guy's now.  Ok?  So F Guy's now.  Ok?  So F is in front.  So let's see guys, whatever color it is, we will take that.   Will you take is in front.  So let's see guys, whatever color it is, we will take that.   Will you take orange Sameer Bhai?  Orange.  So Guys F came to orange Sameer Bhai?  Orange.  So Guys F came to orange Sameer Bhai?  Orange.  So Guys F came to pick it up.  I understand this one is F. pick it up.  I understand this one is F. pick it up.  I understand this one is F. But currently only three colors are But currently only three colors are But currently only three colors are available in it.  Ok?   So available in it.  Ok?   So available in it.  Ok?   So I am getting confused. I am getting confused. I am getting confused. As I was telling you guys that As I was telling you guys that As I was telling you guys that this this this white one, white one, white one, everyone has it.  That's why it is in trend brother. everyone has it.  That's why it is in trend brother. everyone has it.  That's why it is in trend brother. Everyone has it, that's why it is in trend. Everyone has it, that's why it is in trend. Everyone has it, that's why it is in trend. So guys, please tell me by commenting. So guys, please tell me by commenting. So guys, please tell me by commenting. I'll probably take that much by the time you comment. I'll probably take that much by the time you comment. I'll probably take that much by the time you comment. This one is not available quickly, This one is not available quickly, This one is not available quickly, this one is not available quickly brother, you this one is not available quickly brother, you this one is not available quickly brother, you understand that this one is not available quickly Sameer understand that this one is not available quickly Sameer understand that this one is not available quickly Sameer Bhai, I am saying take the white brother, guys Bhai, I am saying take the white brother, guys Bhai, I am saying take the white brother, guys you tell me white colour is the best friend one hour later, so guys you tell me white colour is the best friend one hour later, so guys after waiting for a long time after waiting for a long time after waiting for a long time now we are going to make the payment Sameer Bhai, okay I now we are going to make the payment Sameer Bhai, okay I now we are going to make the payment Sameer Bhai, okay I think it took us one to one and a half hour and now we are going to make the think it took us one to one and a half hour and now we are going to make the think it took us one to one and a half hour and now we are going to make the payment Sameer Bhai, finally payment Sameer Bhai, finally payment Sameer Bhai, finally with the card and he will get the phone in his hand, no no there is no with the card and he will get the phone in his hand, no no there is no with the card and he will get the phone in his hand, no no there is no problem friend, problem friend, problem friend, big promises keep on being made in small towns big promises keep on being made in small towns big promises keep on being made in small towns bro. bro. bro. So brother, it took a lot of time to become Billville here.   It took So brother, it took a lot of time to become Billville here.   It took one and a half hours. one and a half hours. one and a half hours. So no problem friend, let's get the So no problem friend, let's get the So no problem friend, let's get the payment deducted first. payment deducted first. payment deducted first. First guys, then after that the seal will First guys, then after that the seal will First guys, then after that the seal will open. open. open. Ok.  So after that, when the phone comes, I will Ok.  So after that, when the phone comes, I will Ok.  So after that, when the phone comes, I will show it to you.  This Badal Bhai is in full look, show it to you.  This Badal Bhai is in full look, show it to you.  This Badal Bhai is in full look, absolutely amazing with slippers and baggy absolutely amazing with slippers and baggy absolutely amazing with slippers and baggy jeans.  The look is okay and look what these people are jeans.  The look is okay and look what these people are jeans.  The look is okay and look what these people are doing here.  Children are doing here.  Children are doing here.  Children are playing children's games.  Look, at this age he is playing children's games.  Look, at this age he is playing children's games.  Look, at this age he is playing a child's game.  It playing a child's game.  It playing a child's game.  It seems that no matter what the age, the seems that no matter what the age, the childishness remains in the mind, childishness remains in the mind, childishness remains in the mind, this childishness should remain forever and should this childishness should remain forever and should this childishness should remain forever and should not go away. not go away. not go away. So these two guys are playing the game.  So let So these two guys are playing the game.  So let So these two guys are playing the game.  So let them play.  I am enjoying it.  Let me enjoy. them play.  I am enjoying it.  Let me enjoy. them play.  I am enjoying it.  Let me enjoy. So guys, finally the payment has been made. So guys, finally the payment has been made. So guys, finally the payment has been made. Ok?  And Ok?  And Ok?  And now that weight is over.   was now that weight is over.   was now that weight is over.   was derived. derived. derived. The car you were waiting for has arrived. The car you were waiting for has arrived. The car you were waiting for has arrived. Ok.   The Ok.   The Ok.   The car did not come.  And look at this Guy's Bill.   The car did not come.  And look at this Guy's Bill.   The car did not come.  And look at this Guy's Bill.   The bill is torn brother.  Today the bill has been torn, Guru. bill is torn brother.  Today the bill has been torn, Guru. bill is torn brother.  Today the bill has been torn, Guru. Okay, I won't show anyone.   The Okay, I won't show anyone.   The Okay, I won't show anyone.   The bill of ₹1.5 lakhs has been torn, brother.   Are you bill of ₹1.5 lakhs has been torn, brother.   Are you bill of ₹1.5 lakhs has been torn, brother.   Are you looking at the soles of your feet?  The ground is slipping looking at the soles of your feet?  The ground is slipping looking at the soles of your feet?  The ground is slipping slightly.  Hey, don't fall, don't fall.  Don't fall, don't fall. slightly.  Hey, don't fall, don't fall.  Don't fall, don't fall. slightly.  Hey, don't fall, don't fall.  Don't fall, don't fall. Catch it, catch it, Badal Bhai.  Catch hold. Catch it, catch it, Badal Bhai.  Catch hold. Catch it, catch it, Badal Bhai.  Catch hold. Catch it, friend.  The brothers are watching.   The Catch it, friend.  The brothers are watching.   The Catch it, friend.  The brothers are watching.   The class makes you laugh but Badal Bhai is laugh but Badal Bhai is laugh but Badal Bhai is standing standing standing like a cockroach, like a cockroach, like a cockroach, Badal Bhai will tell you how to stand, listen. listen. listen. Ok.  After that, a Ok.  After that, a Ok.  After that, a few moments later, few moments later, few moments later, now that time has come.  My F is about to come now that time has come.  My F is about to come now that time has come.  My F is about to come brother.  Billwill pay everything.  Ok. brother.  Billwill pay everything.  Ok. brother.  Billwill pay everything.  Ok. Ok.  And look at the happiness brother. Ok.  And look at the happiness brother. Ok.  And look at the happiness brother. Brother, the party will continue all night today. Brother, the party will continue all night today. Brother, the party will continue all night today. What Singh Utkarsh Singh Utkarsh Singh, take whatever is What Singh Utkarsh Singh Utkarsh Singh, take whatever is What Singh Utkarsh Singh Utkarsh Singh, take whatever is ours ours ours brother.  So what we were waiting for has finally arrived. brother.  So what we were waiting for has finally arrived. Brother, please see you now.  I have received so many gifts also. Brother, please see you now.  I have received so many gifts also. Brother, please see you now.  I have received so many gifts also. Ok. Ok. Ok. Brother, I have received all these as gifts.  So Brother, I have received all these as gifts.  So Brother, I have received all these as gifts.  So whoever wants a gift whoever wants a gift whoever wants a gift brother, this is a gift of at least ₹100, a gift brother, this is a gift of at least ₹100, a gift brother, this is a gift of at least ₹100, a gift of ₹100 has been given brother, of ₹100 has been given brother, of ₹100 has been given brother, tell me, it means so much, the name of Sameer Khan tell me, it means so much, the name of Sameer Khan tell me, it means so much, the name of Sameer Khan is enough brother, see, come in small, take the name is enough brother, see, come in small, take the name is enough brother, see, come in small, take the name Sameer Khan 0926, Sameer Khan 0926, Sameer Khan 0926, okay, see brother, Sameer Bhai has taken the orange color, okay, see brother, Sameer Bhai has taken the orange color, okay, see brother, Sameer Bhai has taken the orange color, congratulations, everything congratulations, everything congratulations, everything is fine and brother's role is tough, is fine and brother's role is tough, is fine and brother's role is tough, just now you went three days ago, just now you went three days ago, just now you went three days ago, yes, I went three days ago, friend, yes, tell me, yes, I went three days ago, friend, yes, tell me, yes, I went three days ago, friend, yes, tell me, after three days, Mashaallah, may Allah give you after three days, Mashaallah, may Allah give you after three days, Mashaallah, may Allah give you progress brother, okay, then keep commenting progress brother, okay, then keep commenting progress brother, okay, then keep commenting quickly, next month another surprise is coming, quickly, next month another surprise is coming, quickly, next month another surprise is coming, Thar is coming, four four, see it Thar is coming, four four, see it Thar is coming, four four, see it collided here, guys, the blog collided here, guys, the blog collided here, guys, the blog collided with the block, matching f, guys, now look, orange match collided with the block, matching f, guys, now look, orange match collided with the block, matching f, guys, now look, orange match and here also, a vogue will be made from both together, and here also, a vogue will be made from both together, and here also, a vogue will be made from both together, okay, okay, okay, brother, he gave it to me but he did brother, he gave it to me but he did brother, he gave it to me but he did not give me anything, brother, they do not give me anything, brother, they do not give me anything, brother, they do not give it to children, not give it to children, not give it to children, this one f did not last long with me, this one f did not last long with me, this one f did not last long with me, six months, six months, six months, yes, yes, yes, this f cheated me quickly, this f cheated me quickly, this f cheated me quickly, this f cheated me quickly, this f cheated me quickly, this f cheated me quickly, I spent I spent I spent six months and six months and six months and eight  It had been a month or something, eight months, but they eight  It had been a month or something, eight months, but they eight  It had been a month or something, eight months, but they cheated, and that's when they hit me cheated, and that's when they hit me cheated, and that's when they hit me So this is it, if someone gets a good comment, they will get So this is it, if someone gets a good comment, they will get So this is it, if someone gets a good comment, they will get an F after a week. Guys, an F after a week. Guys, an F after a week. Guys, okay, okay, okay, do the unboxing first. Come on do the unboxing first. Come on do the unboxing first. Come on brother, finally the time for unboxing has come. brother, finally the time for unboxing has come. brother, finally the time for unboxing has come. Bhaiya is also seeing how much Bhaiya is also seeing how much Bhaiya is also seeing how much time these people are taking. Come on Guru, where is he now? time these people are taking. Come on Guru, where is he now? time these people are taking. Come on Guru, where is he now? Appu didi is there. Bhaiya, he is angry. Appu didi is there. Bhaiya, he is angry. Appu didi is there. Bhaiya, he is angry. Okay, he got angry. The poor guy has taken his focus. He has come, he has come, he has come, he has come, he has come, he has come, he has to Okay, he got angry. The poor guy has taken his focus. He has come, he has come, he has come, he has come, he has come, he has come, he has to Okay, he got angry. The poor guy has taken his focus. He has come, he has come, he has come, he has come, he has come, he has come, he has to talk about this. talk about this. talk about this. Okay, send him to the meeting. It's pending right now. It will be done tomorrow. pending right now. It will be done tomorrow. pending right now. It will be done tomorrow. I also know how to do it like this. No I also know how to do it like this. No I also know how to do it like this. No problem, I will do it tomorrow when I problem, I will do it tomorrow when I problem, I will do it tomorrow when I go home. I will bring the F tomorrow. Guys, go home. I will bring the F tomorrow. Guys, go home. I will bring the F tomorrow. Guys, these guys are refusing. Guys, if you want to do the these guys are refusing. Guys, if you want to do the these guys are refusing. Guys, if you want to do the unboxing, do it today. Or if you unboxing, do it today. Or if you unboxing, do it today. Or if you want to do it tomorrow, do it tomorrow. want to do it tomorrow, do it tomorrow. want to do it tomorrow, do it tomorrow. I am saying do it tomorrow only. Brother, I am saying do it tomorrow only. Brother, I am saying do it tomorrow only. Brother, we are leaving from here. Vijay we are leaving from here. Vijay we are leaving from here. Vijay Sales. So whatever happened to us, we are Sales. So whatever happened to us, we are Sales. So whatever happened to us, we are leaving all these things behind. The leaving all these things behind. The leaving all these things behind. The reason is that I exchanged my phone, so for that I had to reason is that I exchanged my phone, so for that I had to reason is that I exchanged my phone, so for that I had to exchange it.  Data will also not be available exchange it.  Data will also not be available exchange it.  Data will also not be available because it is closing time, so at because it is closing time, so at because it is closing time, so at what time should I come tomorrow, then at what time should I come tomorrow, then at what time should I come tomorrow, then at 11:00 the store will still open, so 11:00 the store will still open, so 11:00 the store will still open, so tomorrow the store will open at 11:00, then we will tomorrow the store will open at 11:00, then we will tomorrow the store will open at 11:00, then we will come early brother, okay, so guys, the rest of the come early brother, okay, so guys, the rest of the come early brother, okay, so guys, the rest of the blog will be continued tomorrow.  I blog will be continued tomorrow.  I blog will be continued tomorrow.  I will make it tomorrow and will also make a good reel will make it tomorrow and will also make a good reel will make it tomorrow and will also make a good reel of the unboxing.  Yes.  So come on guys, I am of the unboxing.  Yes.  So come on guys, I am of the unboxing.  Yes.  So come on guys, I am not able to wait. not able to wait. not able to wait. Brother, I can't wait.  But what are you saying Brother, I can't wait.  But what are you saying Brother, I can't wait.  But what are you saying brother, I have done it for one day.  Did you pay which bill it was brother, I have done it for one day.  Did you pay which bill it was brother, I have done it for one day.  Did you pay which bill it was ? ? ? My brother has not given it. My brother has not given it. My brother has not given it. Hey, give me everything.  Give it to me tomorrow itself.  No problem. Hey, give me everything.  Give it to me tomorrow itself.  No problem. Hey, give me everything.  Give it to me tomorrow itself.  No problem. You will have to bring it. You will have to bring it. You will have to bring it. Come on guys, right?  Let's go.  I Come on guys, right?  Let's go.  I Come on guys, right?  Let's go.  I say this because you also want to watch the video.   So, we will meet the rest of the guys.  See say this because you also want to watch the video.   So, we will meet the rest of the guys.  See say this because you also want to watch the video.   So, we will meet the rest of the guys.  See you tomorrow. you tomorrow. you tomorrow. Ok?  Right now.  Utkarsh Bhai, see you tomorrow. Ok?  Right now.  Utkarsh Bhai, see you tomorrow. Ok?  Right now.  Utkarsh Bhai, see you tomorrow. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. So guys finally as I told you guys So guys finally as I told you guys So guys finally as I told you guys brother we will go to get the phone tomorrow. brother we will go to get the phone tomorrow. brother we will go to get the phone tomorrow. Yesterday our situation was such that Yesterday our situation was such that Yesterday our situation was such that data transfer could not be done. data transfer could not be done. data transfer could not be done. He had little time.  Ok?  It was closing time. He had little time.  Ok?  It was closing time. He had little time.  Ok?  It was closing time. So as I told you, So as I told you, So as I told you, next day we will go to collect the phone. next day we will go to collect the phone. next day we will go to collect the phone. So right now we are here Bal Bhai is here, right guys he has applied So right now we are here Bal Bhai is here, right guys he has applied So right now we are here Bal Bhai is here, right guys he has applied perfume perfume perfume and I am also here, Gun is coming running and I am also here, Gun is coming running and I am also here, Gun is coming running from there and look guys it rained today the road is getting from there and look guys it rained today the road is getting from there and look guys it rained today the road is getting flooded a lot so flooded a lot so flooded a lot so today we are going guys to finally get the phone so today we are going guys to finally get the phone so today we are going guys to finally get the phone so whatever happens you guys keep watching by the way whatever happens you guys keep watching by the way whatever happens you guys keep watching by the way I showed you a lot of things yesterday I showed you a lot of things yesterday I showed you a lot of things yesterday in the blog so today we will in the blog so today we will in the blog so today we will unbox the phone [music] 17 Pro Max oh brother are you unbox the phone [music] 17 Pro Max oh brother are you unbox the phone [music] 17 Pro Max oh brother are you seeing the water, see how much it is filling up seeing the water, see how much it is filling up seeing the water, see how much it is filling up brother wait let me show you from outside brother wait let me show you from outside brother wait let me show you from outside brother see this guys did you see how much water has filled up guys did you see how much water has filled up guys did you see how much water has filled up brother here brother here brother here brother this is a little area like that so brother this is a little area like that so brother this is a little area like that so when it rains here the water gets when it rains here the water gets when it rains here the water gets filled up a lot so filled up a lot so filled up a lot so we are going we are going we are going our security brother is standing there come on guys okay you guys stay tuned continue a few our security brother is standing there come on guys okay you guys stay tuned continue a few moments later so moments later so moments later so guys finally Gun has come and this is guys finally Gun has come and this is guys finally Gun has come and this is Riya.  So guys look at this, hi brother-in-law. Riya.  So guys look at this, hi brother-in-law. Riya.  So guys look at this, hi brother-in-law. Hey, Hey, Hey, all four of us are sitting here at the back.  Two guys have come.  There are all four of us are sitting here at the back.  Two guys have come.  There are all four of us are sitting here at the back.  Two guys have come.  There are six of us sitting in this four seater. six of us sitting in this four seater. six of us sitting in this four seater. Now look guys, we are standing here right now.  The Now look guys, we are standing here right now.  The Now look guys, we are standing here right now.  The red light is on and here we have to go red light is on and here we have to go red light is on and here we have to go left.  Ok?  So we will reach there in just 5 minutes.  I will meet left.  Ok?  So we will reach there in just 5 minutes.  I will meet left.  Ok?  So we will reach there in just 5 minutes.  I will meet you you you after you get there.  So now we have after you get there.  So now we have after you get there.  So now we have taken these two children.  Look, the guys look like taken these two children.  Look, the guys look like taken these two children.  Look, the guys look like twins.  This is his height. twins.  This is his height. twins.  This is his height. Going to the storehouse [sound of clearing throat]. Going to the storehouse [sound of clearing throat]. Going to eat Bhandara.  So guys let's go to the rest. Going to eat Bhandara.  So guys let's go to the rest. Going to eat Bhandara.  So guys let's go to the rest. Ok?  So guys, finally we are here Ok?  So guys, finally we are here Ok?  So guys, finally we are here and our product is coming now. and our product is coming now. and our product is coming now. What all are you going to get with brother F? What all are you going to get with brother F? What all are you going to get with brother F? By the way, I showed it to you guys yesterday.  So By the way, I showed it to you guys yesterday.  So By the way, I showed it to you guys yesterday.  So show it to me once today also.  Ok?  So show it to me once today also.  Ok?  So show it to me once today also.  Ok?  So brother has just gone to pick it up.  I am happy brother has just gone to pick it up.  I am happy brother has just gone to pick it up.  I am happy because brother is a new friend.  Hi brother-in-law.   Have because brother is a new friend.  Hi brother-in-law.   Have because brother is a new friend.  Hi brother-in-law.   Have you also come?  Yes, so you also come?  Yes, so you also come?  Yes, so guys, look here, MacBook brother, take this guys, look here, MacBook brother, take this guys, look here, MacBook brother, take this for editing, you need MacBook, for editing, you need MacBook, MacBook, it is MacBook, it is MacBook, it is raining outside brother and there was a lot of raining outside brother and there was a lot of raining outside brother and there was a lot of traffic, that is why we are a little late. traffic, that is why we are a little late. traffic, that is why we are a little late. So let's make a small reel each. So let's make a small reel each. So let's make a small reel each. By the way, I will not post the reel, it is only for status. By the way, I will not post the reel, it is only for status. By the way, I will not post the reel, it is only for status. Ok?  So let's see the rest guys. Ok?  So let's see the rest guys. Ok?  So let's see the rest guys. You guys keep going.  Sahil Bhai, You guys keep going.  Sahil Bhai, You guys keep going.  Sahil Bhai, you make Vogue.  Ok?   The you make Vogue.  Ok?   The you make Vogue.  Ok?   The time has come.  Unboxing unboxing is happening here brother.  Ok. unboxing is happening here brother.  Ok. unboxing is happening here brother.  Ok. Look is that guys.  Oh my God, wow. Look is that guys.  Oh my God, wow. Look is that guys.  Oh my God, wow. Wow wow nice. Wow wow nice. Wow wow nice. Guys are doing the subbing.  Are you watching? Wow friend nice congratulations petty petty brother brother Wow friend nice congratulations petty petty brother brother Wow friend nice congratulations petty petty brother brother public see all this thank public see all this thank public see all this thank you brother I felt you brother I felt you brother I felt thank you so much thank thank you so much thank thank you so much thank you thank you thank you thank you guys you thank you thank you thank you guys you thank you thank you thank you guys crowd show the crowd there you see crowd show the crowd there you see crowd show the crowd there you see how much crowd is coming how much crowd is coming how much crowd is coming so come on guys unboxing is done okay so come on guys unboxing is done okay so come on guys unboxing is done okay congratulations comment quickly congratulations comment quickly congratulations comment quickly what do you what do you what do you see guys finally your brother has bought it see guys finally your brother has bought it see guys finally your brother has bought it so look how much crowd was there here.   Oh my god, I could so look how much crowd was there here.   Oh my god, I could so look how much crowd was there here.   Oh my god, I could n't even make a video. n't even make a video. n't even make a video. This is what should happen. This is what should happen. This is what should happen. How are you feeling? How are you feeling? How are you feeling? So Sameer Bhai, how are you feeling? So Sameer Bhai, how are you feeling? So Sameer Bhai, how are you feeling? Feeling good, right?  See heart.  Oh wow it Feeling good, right?  See heart.  Oh wow it Feeling good, right?  See heart.  Oh wow it is throbbing brother.  So this is guys some f. is throbbing brother.  So this is guys some f. is throbbing brother.  So this is guys some f. Wow man.  I will also take it in my hand, friend. Wow man.  I will also take it in my hand, friend. Wow man.  I will also take it in my hand, friend. New F Brand New Y.  Oh brother, you look so cute. New F Brand New Y.  Oh brother, you look so cute. How cool it looks brother.  I enjoyed watching it.  I have provided How cool it looks brother.  I enjoyed watching it.  I have provided How cool it looks brother.  I enjoyed watching it.  I have provided data cable with it Sameer Bhai, it will data cable with it Sameer Bhai, it will data cable with it Sameer Bhai, it will last the whole night today, oh ho, today DJ is last the whole night today, oh ho, today DJ is last the whole night today, oh ho, today DJ is also going to come, one and a half also going to come, one and a half also going to come, one and a half stomachs are gone, one and a half stomachs are gone, one and a half stomachs are gone, one and a half stomachs brother, one and a half stomachs have fallen and now yes guys, I stomachs brother, one and a half stomachs have fallen and now yes guys, I stomachs brother, one and a half stomachs have fallen and now yes guys, I forgot one more thing that Gungun has forgot one more thing that Gungun has forgot one more thing that Gungun has also bought the new one, friend, their unboxing will also bought the new one, friend, their unboxing will also bought the new one, friend, their unboxing will also happen soon, also happen soon, also happen soon, oh oh oh congratulations congratulations congratulations Dod f guys, three boxes have been spent Dod f guys, three boxes have been spent Dod f guys, three boxes have been spent here at once, so come on, no problem guys, I bought it. here at once, so come on, no problem guys, I bought it. here at once, so come on, no problem guys, I bought it. Unboxing done.  So I will meet you again in a Unboxing done.  So I will meet you again in a Unboxing done.  So I will meet you again in a while.  Sameer Bhai, would you like to say something to while.  Sameer Bhai, would you like to say something to while.  Sameer Bhai, would you like to say something to your public?   If you your public?   If you your public?   If you want to talk then it's want to talk then it's want to talk then it's later, right?  So guys, congratulations to later, right?  So guys, congratulations to later, right?  So guys, congratulations to Sameer Bhai. Sameer Bhai. Sameer Bhai. Ok?  And then fill it in the comments and Ok?  And then fill it in the comments and Ok?  And then fill it in the comments and give lots of blessings to everyone together.  May Allah give such great progress to Sameer Bhai. give lots of blessings to everyone together.  May Allah give such great progress to Sameer Bhai. Finally I got my new phone in my hands. Finally I got my new phone in my hands. Finally I got my new phone in my hands. And I am also doing vlogging from the same phone. And I am also doing vlogging from the same phone. And I am also doing vlogging from the same phone. Brother, the quality is great, number one and I am feeling sad Brother, the quality is great, number one and I am feeling sad Brother, the quality is great, number one and I am feeling sad too brother.  My phone is going here too brother.  My phone is going here too brother.  My phone is going here brother.  But I did brother.  But I did brother.  But I did not use it for long.  My phone did not last even a year.  So not use it for long.  My phone did not last even a year.  So not use it for long.  My phone did not last even a year.  So look, it was broken from here, guys.  Let me show it to you guys. look, it was broken from here, guys.  Let me show it to you guys. look, it was broken from here, guys.  Let me show it to you guys. Look, the screen below it was Look, the screen below it was Look, the screen below it was all broken.  So that's why we had to take the phone. all broken.  So that's why we had to take the phone. all broken.  So that's why we had to take the phone. But none of this is the least phone I have used But none of this is the least phone I have used But none of this is the least phone I have used in my hands.  This has lasted for a maximum of 8 months. in my hands.  This has lasted for a maximum of 8 months. in my hands.  This has lasted for a maximum of 8 months. After 8 months, I got After 8 months, I got After 8 months, I got exchange retirement on my own brother.  It exchange retirement on my own brother.  It exchange retirement on my own brother.  It is his fault.  It is not our fault.  It's F's mistake is his fault.  It is not our fault.  It's F's mistake is his fault.  It is not our fault.  It's F's mistake brother.  F got spoiled.   He did brother.  F got spoiled.   He did brother.  F got spoiled.   He did not want to stay with us. not want to stay with us. I just wanted to spend one and a half boxes, now my pocket is asleep.  Now he must have I just wanted to spend one and a half boxes, now my pocket is asleep.  Now he must have I just wanted to spend one and a half boxes, now my pocket is asleep.  Now he must have found peace.  Now I am leaving this here. found peace.  Now I am leaving this here. found peace.  Now I am leaving this here. Brother Vijay Sales, I will Brother Vijay Sales, I will Brother Vijay Sales, I will not take this with me.  Who knows, there might be some not take this with me.  Who knows, there might be some not take this with me.  Who knows, there might be some loss after taking it away.  Look at this. loss after taking it away.  Look at this. loss after taking it away.  Look at this. Ok?  That's the end of this story.  Rest of the guys, Ok?  That's the end of this story.  Rest of the guys, Ok?  That's the end of this story.  Rest of the guys, we still have a lot of stuff stored here. we still have a lot of stuff stored here. we still have a lot of stuff stored here. Got a lot of stuff.  So let's get out of here. Got a lot of stuff.  So let's get out of here. Got a lot of stuff.  So let's get out of here. See you outside then.  Ok?   Guys, See you outside then.  Ok?   Guys, See you outside then.  Ok?   Guys, finally we have arrived brother.  Ok? finally we have arrived brother.  Ok? finally we have arrived brother.  Ok? And we took it.  So look guys And we took it.  So look guys And we took it.  So look guys I am vlogging with new F brother.  Ok I am vlogging with new F brother.  Ok I am vlogging with new F brother.  Ok ?  So brother is saying that brother, ?  So brother is saying that brother, ?  So brother is saying that brother, what kind of party will you throw brother?  Now tell me what kind of party will you throw brother?  Now tell me what kind of party will you throw brother?  Now tell me what kind of party should I give them? what kind of party should I give them? what kind of party should I give them? Brother, what are you saying?  Tell me brother. Brother, what are you saying?  Tell me brother. Brother, what are you saying?  Tell me brother. Now tell me. Now tell me. Now tell me. which party? which party? which party? So brother, he took all the gifts in his hands. So brother, he took all the gifts in his hands. So brother, he took all the gifts in his hands. Brother, you should have got it installed. Brother, you should have got it installed. Yes, they get it installed.  Let's get PVF done, right?   Don't get it installed.  If Yes, they get it installed.  Let's get PVF done, right?   Don't get it installed.  If he goes again, he will be there. he goes again, he will be there. Guys, I have to get PVF done, Guys, I have to get PVF done, Guys, I have to get PVF done, brother, Quality is brother, Quality is brother, Quality is coming from behind, I am coming, sir, coming from behind, I am coming, sir, okay, I am coming brother, Guru, so let's go now, let's see where we will go, first we will shoot, then we will meet you, okay, so guys, now we have come to okay, I am coming brother, Guru, so let's go now, let's see where we will go, first we will shoot, then we will meet you, okay, so guys, now we have come to okay, I am coming brother, Guru, so let's go now, let's see where we will go, first we will shoot, then we will meet you, okay, so guys, now we have come to Saket Market, so we will Saket Market, so we will Saket Market, so we will eat momos, eat momos, eat momos, what happened brother, what happened brother, what happened brother, yes, we will yes, we will yes, we will shoot from behind, brother, there is a good place there, so shoot from behind, brother, there is a good place there, so guys, now we will eat something first, guys, now we will eat something first, guys, now we will eat something first, after that we will shoot.  Oye hoye oh hoye what did you after that we will shoot.  Oye hoye oh hoye what did you after that we will shoot.  Oye hoye oh hoye what did you see?  What did you see?  Brother, it is ours, see?  What did you see?  Brother, it is ours, see?  What did you see?  Brother, it is ours, our three plates.  We have three plates.   Take it our three plates.  We have three plates.   Take it our three plates.  We have three plates.   Take it brother, won't you eat it? Hey, eat three.  One chicken Hey, eat three.  One chicken Hey, eat three.  One chicken listen listen listen listen brother do it one by one listen listen listen listen brother do it one by one listen listen listen listen brother do it one by one chicken.  There are three plates, right?  Two steams. chicken.  There are three plates, right?  Two steams. chicken.  There are three plates, right?  Two steams. Veg Veg Veg two veg and one two veg and one two veg and one and one chicken. and one chicken. and one chicken. So guys let's eat first and then we will So guys let's eat first and then we will So guys let's eat first and then we will meet you later.  One hour later guys meet you later.  One hour later guys meet you later.  One hour later guys yes look we are doubly happy brother hey wait wait yes look we are doubly happy brother hey wait wait yes look we are doubly happy brother hey wait wait brother we are doubly happy I have called brother we are doubly happy I have called brother we are doubly happy I have called and brother's account has come finally and brother's account has come finally and brother's account has come finally so brother Badal 131 is finally back so brother Badal 131 is finally back so brother Badal 131 is finally back brother I swear brother brother I swear brother brother I swear brother okay so brother finally brother we were shooting for brother okay so brother finally brother we were shooting for brother okay so brother finally brother we were shooting for brother we randomly got a mail brother okay we randomly got a mail brother okay we randomly got a mail brother okay mail came mail came my account is left brother it will come inshallah my account is left brother it will come inshallah my account is left brother it will come inshallah hey Badal Bhai just like that brother hey Badal Bhai just like that brother hey Badal Bhai just like that brother brother the account has come here finally Badal brother the account has come here finally Badal brother the account has come here finally Badal Bhai's Instagram account so Bhai's Instagram account so Bhai's Instagram account so brother look everyone has gone brother look everyone has gone brother look everyone has gone mad brother I am thinking are you mad brother I am thinking are you mad brother I am thinking are you joking with me brother joking with me brother joking with me brother finally we are back on finally we are back on Badal Bhai finally brother brother Badal Bhai finally brother brother Badal Bhai finally brother brother look brother the thing is happening a lot like this look brother the thing is happening a lot like this look brother the thing is happening a lot like this brother the account has come brother brother the account has come brother brother the account has come brother Maas Maas Maas brother now the work will be done brother great but to brother now the work will be done brother great but to brother now the work will be done brother great but to tell you the truth right now if no one listens brother the whole person tell you the truth right now if no one listens brother the whole person tell you the truth right now if no one listens brother the whole person listens for sure then God heard my words brother I was listens for sure then God heard my words brother I was listens for sure then God heard my words brother I was worried brother for a long time see brother worried brother for a long time see brother worried brother for a long time see brother everyone's faces lit up suddenly everyone's faces lit up suddenly everyone's faces lit up suddenly today Badal Bhai today Badal Bhai today Badal Bhai today Badal Bhai today you will throw a party brother it is a party brother today Badal Bhai today you will throw a party brother it is a party brother brother whatever happens is for good is brother whatever happens is for good is brother whatever happens is for good is n't it friend Sameer n't it friend Sameer n't it friend Sameer should be called, hey should be called, hey should be called, hey you will come brother, they have accepted him, you will come brother, they have accepted him, you will come brother, they have accepted him, now now now Badal's account has also come, so Badal's account has also come, so Badal's account has also come, so guys, thank you, I will have to bring it, I will have to guys, thank you, I will have to bring it, I will have to bring their account, brother, it will not come like this, so guys, one's bring their account, brother, it will not come like this, so guys, one's bring their account, brother, it will not come like this, so guys, one's account will remain, one's account has come, that's it account will remain, one's account has come, that's it account will remain, one's account has come, that's it brother, it is right friend, at least one of the two has brother, it is right friend, at least one of the two has brother, it is right friend, at least one of the two has come, this is the hope that come, this is the hope that come, this is the hope that everyone's account will come here. everyone's account will come here. everyone's account will come here. [laughter] That [laughter] That [laughter] That 's right, brother.  I haven't received any call from anyone yet. 's right, brother.  I haven't received any call from anyone yet. 's right, brother.  I haven't received any call from anyone yet. No one is calling.   No No one is calling.   No No one is calling.   No one will know right now. one will know right now. one will know right now. Brother, I will tell everyone as soon as possible. Brother, I will tell everyone as soon as possible. Brother, I will tell everyone as soon as possible. Stop. Stop. Stop. Brother, many people have learnt a lot in these two and a half months. Brother, many people have learnt a lot in these two and a half months. Brother, many people have learnt a lot in these two and a half months. Who is what and who is Who is what and who is Who is what and who is not.  The remaining not.  The remaining not.  The remaining strikes are still coming. strikes are still coming. strikes are still coming. Come on guys, let's shoot now.  See you after that. Come on guys, let's shoot now.  See you after that. Come on guys, let's shoot now.  See you after that. Ok? Ok? Ok? So guys, finally our shoot is So guys, finally our shoot is So guys, finally our shoot is complete.  Brother, now we are leaving for home and it is already complete.  Brother, now we are leaving for home and it is already complete.  Brother, now we are leaving for home and it is already quite late.   It will go away. quite late.   It will go away. So first we have to leave this brother.  After that, So first we have to leave this brother.  After that, So first we have to leave this brother.  After that, Sahil Bhai and the three of us will go to Sahil Bhai and the three of us will go to Sahil Bhai and the three of us will go to our flat again today, just like people go to their our flat again today, just like people go to their our flat again today, just like people go to their flats daily.  So guys, today was a very happy day flats daily.  So guys, today was a very happy day flats daily.  So guys, today was a very happy day brother because I have bought a phone of one and a half brother because I have bought a phone of one and a half brother because I have bought a phone of one and a half boxes and Badal Bhai's ID is back now boxes and Badal Bhai's ID is back now boxes and Badal Bhai's ID is back now brother.  So there was double double happiness, so just pray that brother.  So there was double double happiness, so just pray that brother.  So there was double double happiness, so just pray that Insha Allah my ID will also come soon. Insha Allah my ID will also come soon. Insha Allah my ID will also come soon. My ID will also come soon brother.  And the rest of the My ID will also come soon brother.  And the rest of the My ID will also come soon brother.  And the rest of the guys, we are going home now, so in guys, we are going home now, so in guys, we are going home now, so in this vogue, yes, that's what I was saying, you should back out and go. this vogue, yes, that's what I was saying, you should back out and go. this vogue, yes, that's what I was saying, you should back out and go. So guys, now we are So guys, now we are So guys, now we are going to Purvi's house.  After that we will going to Purvi's house.  After that we will going to Purvi's house.  After that we will go to our home.  It will be at least 1:00 by the time we reach go to our home.  It will be at least 1:00 by the time we reach go to our home.  It will be at least 1:00 by the time we reach our flat because it will take our flat because it will take our flat because it will take an hour to drop Purvi. an hour to drop Purvi. an hour to drop Purvi. First give me a party. First give me a party. First give me a party. The party will be held tomorrow, brother.  It is getting late, will you The party will be held tomorrow, brother.  It is getting late, will you The party will be held tomorrow, brother.  It is getting late, will you go to your home?   It's go to your home?   It's go to your home?   It's 11 o'clock brother.  Then there's a call from your house.   I am 11 o'clock brother.  Then there's a call from your house.   I am sure brother, if you sure brother, if you sure brother, if you come from home then it is wrong. come from home then it is wrong. come from home then it is wrong. Brother, after coming from home, where did I Brother, after coming from home, where did I Brother, after coming from home, where did I give a party?  There is no momo party now.  Is give a party?  There is no momo party now.  Is give a party?  There is no momo party now.  Is n't it Badal Bhai? n't it Badal Bhai? n't it Badal Bhai? So guys, let's end today's blog here.  I So guys, let's end today's blog here.  I So guys, let's end today's blog here.  I hope you enjoyed the vlog.  would have liked. hope you enjoyed the vlog.  would have liked. hope you enjoyed the vlog.  would have liked. Like, comment, share and subscribe to the channel. Like, comment, share and subscribe to the channel. Took it. Took it. Took it. So see you guys again in another lovely So see you guys again in another lovely So see you guys again in another lovely vlog.  Bye till then.  Love you all. vlog.  Bye till then.  Love you all. vlog.  Bye till then.  Love you all. Allah Hafiz.  hello.  Sat Sri Akal.