We got it.
Rest now, brother, and I'll see you in
Valhalla. It
was never my intention to make light of
the murder.
Johnny Curt died on a biking king.
I forgive him. I am so excited.
Okay, let's get serious for a moment.
Okay.
Um,
so, uh, a couple weeks ago, uh, a man
was shot in front of a live, uh,
audience of people, in front of a lot of
people. It was, it was outdoors. Thank
god comedy is indoors. Uh,
sorry. I was just thinking out loud, but
a man was shot in in front of he was
shot dead. Fatally wounded, as they say.
It's kind of a kind of a like a
misleading. It's like he's dead. Uh,
he's like, "He was fatally wounded."
You're like, "Wait, he was just
wounded." Like fatally. Oh,
yeah. My my grandfather reached fatal
old age recently, actually.
But um I'm going to be honest with you,
okay? As a comedian, as a public
performer, I was utterly scared. Okay?
I'm going to be vulnerable with you
guys. I was terrified when I saw that. I
saw, wow, I mean, if that can happen to
him, you know, could it happen to me? I
say some inflammatory things sometimes.
I was just talking about Tylenol
earlier, you know.
Okay.
And so,
and so I was scared. I shut down. I
freaked out. I I I honestly did not even
want to leave the house. And um you
know, I I I felt like I had no one to
talk to. And I felt so alone and so in
my head.
But thankfully, within about 36 hours,
the governor of Utah came out and said,
"We got him." And I finally relaxed and
was like, "Thank God we're back. We're
back. We are so back. Oh my god. They
got the guy. They got the guy. I want to
give a special shout out to the FBI,
uh, Utah police, the Trump
administration, and of course, special
shout out to Cash Patel, uh,
for bringing justice to this case. There
there was a killer on the loose for a
little while, but they got him. Guys,
why are you not excited? They got him.
Yes. Have faith in the system. The
system works. Okay. Yes. Just get back
to work. Keep paying your taxes. It'll
go directly to Israel. It's going to be
totally fine, man. Yeah.
Why you not laughing, my love?
All
right, that was called satire. Uh,
the truth is the killer is still on the
loose and you should be terrified and
angry at these who are
lying to you, okay? They are lying to
you. They are lying through their teeth,
okay? And they're doing it so
deliberately and so sloppily and people
are back to work. And to be honest, I
think it's because so many people hated
Charlie Kirk
that they're just like, "Nah, we'll let
this one slide." Like, no, no, no,
no. It doesn't matter if you hated or
love the guy. Like, something happened
here. And we deserve answers, okay? We
deserve answers. Unfortunately, you came
to a comedy show uh
where you will undoubtedly get more
answers than from your government
directly.
Um
because unlike the government, I
actually go on Tik Tok and consume
consume information. I don't just own
and censor Tik Tok. I actually go on Tik
Tok. And and seriously, a lot of people
don't like hearing this, but this is
this is very likely going to be the
assassination of our lifetime in the
sense that No, no, no, no. I'm sure a
couple of you were alive for JFK. Bless
you, boomers, okay? Bless you, Boomers.
Obviously JFK and MLK, these people
meant more to a lot more people than
Charlie Kirk did, but you have to
understand these things were not shown
to us live on social media. There
weren't millions of people watching when
it happened and there weren't this many
people back in the 60s. So, this is
actually huge and it was done right in
front of our eyes and there's way too
many holes in the story for us to just
be like everything's fine.
You know, I think it's so messed up that
we are so desensitized to shootings that
now whenever a shooting happens, every
comedian's like, "What's my angle on
this?" You know, it's like the shooter
already found it. Um,
I mean, structurally a good joke.
It's about a 45° angle
joke. And I mean, like, yeah, I I made
messed up jokes, but my friends made way
more messed up jokes cuz it's a, you
know, it it was a school shooting and my
friend called it a mass shooting. And I
was like, "Bro, only one person got
shot." He's like, "No, but he was
Catholic." I was like, "That's up,
dude." That's up. It was a mass
shooting.
I had to say it again cuz I know halfers
didn't even get it.
If you believe it's Tyler, fine. You
know, we all need someone to blame from
time to time. And why not just put on a
guy named Tyler?
That sounds perfectly reasonable. Tyler
Robinson, too. Nice vanilla name.
And I already told you I'm against
violence. I don't have to repeat myself.
Okay. I'm against violence. I don't like
that a guy got shot. I'm I'm
pro-humanity. I think it's up. But also,
I'm going to make jokes. You kidding me?
It's like people like, "Oh my god,
you're making jokes because a man died.
Have you seen my genocide material?
Bro, stop shooting mother and I'll stop
making jokes. Deal.
Maybe the jokes will get you to stop
doing it.
Yeah.
No, it won't. Um, but uh but but yeah,
so anyways, uh people are upset. Who
cares?
What matters is our government is lying
to us, okay? And sometimes you got to be
your own private detective.
I really wanted to dig in, go into the
case, watch as many Tik Toks as I
possibly could. I wanted to look at the
details and really understand why our
government is lying to us and how to
prove that they are lying to us. So,
let's look at the facts here. Allegedly,
Tyler showed up to the campus at 8:29
a.m. that morning, which first thing to
notice, not quite as an achiever as
Luigi. Uh,
Luigi was on site at 5:30 a.m.
in the dead of winter.
When the sun rises at 8:00 a.m.,
he was up with the birds, man. Tyler
rolled out of bed
at 7:45,
grabbed his grandpa's rifle,
and then went to the school and
allegedly stuffed it in his pants.
because you see camera footage of him
walking around campus with no rifle, but
yet he didn't leave to go get it. So, he
was walking around with a rifle on him
and they don't know where. So, he had to
have stuffed it in his pants, which I
would believe if he wasn't wearing
skinny jeans.
Bro, his Gen Z his jeans were like this
and you're telling me there was a
shotgun right there,
bro. Like, I I'm wearing relatively I
can even put my hand in my own pants
right now. This guy can put his whole
grandpa's rifle in there,
bro.
Bro, I don't believe it. Okay, the
shooting happened at 12:23 p.m. Okay,
which is already really crazy, right?
12:23. 1 2 3. It's like counting to
three, but you stutter.
Just saying. The signs are there, man.
At 12:23, a shot rang out. Okay.
Instantly, you have footage of allegedly
Tyler running off of the roof and
jumping off of the off of the roof.
Something you should know about this
footage, it's it's been alleged. There's
no actual proof of this, but I hope this
does come out. That camera footage we've
all seen of Tyler jumping off the roof
is a only a portion of what that camera
shows. And that camera actually shows a
wide view of the entire rooftop of that
building, which could potentially show
Tyler at the moment of the shooting. But
for some reason, they're not showing
that. This is all alleged, but you would
presume if we have a camera that caught
him jumping off at the right time, why
do we not have a camera showing more or
less where he was on the roof in the
position of the shooting, right? But you
see him jumping off with no rifle. So
either again, he was in the pants just
like which he he his knees bent. So
there's no way. There's no way. And so
some people say they see a thingy. He's
has a thingy perhaps like a towel or a
piece of cloth that the rifle is under
disassembled, which is is potentially
could make sense. The only thing is to
disassemble it, he had to use a
screwdriver, which he left on the roof.
That's what the FBI is saying. They say
that the screwdriver he left it on the
roof. It's probably still there. How
sloppy they are.
The screwdriver is probably still there.
And he left on they say they that his
DNA is all the screw on. He's just like
he threw it on the roof like a idiot.
He's like disassemble.
So allegedly then he has the the
disassembled rifle. Fine, which which
I'll buy that. But then he then stashes
it in the woods or as he calls it in his
text his drop site. Okay. Stashes it in
the woods fully reassembled.
Which is okay. Don't know why you did
that. Does he like puzzles? You know
what I mean?
Sounds like his mom was taking Tyler and
all. Okay.
stashes it in the woods fully
reassembled, which is fine. Maybe he did
reassemble the rifle, but without the
screwdriver.
He left it on. Did he have two
screwdrivers? And he's like, "This is my
DNA one. This is my non-DNA one."
But he left the scope all messed up for
some reason just to with us a little
bit. The crazy thing about this shotgun
that he had too, it was allegedly his
greatgrandfather's or his grandfather's
shotgun, which in his text he calls my
olds man olds man or something like
that. And get this, there's no serial
number on it. Why? Cuz it's so old it
was before serial numbers. Oh no.
How convenient.
Apparently, his great-grandfather used
this rifle in World War I
and then his grandfather used it again
in World War II and now Tyler used it to
start World War II. Apparently,
the shotgun, by the way, it's called a
30 odd 6. It's existed for 119 years.
Apparently, you can still use it. And
it's called a 30 odd 6, which is also
how old I tell people I am.
I'm 30 odd six. They can't figure it
out. They're like, "Is he 37?"
This 30 odd 6, he stashes it in the
woods, left his screwdriver on the roof
for some reason after having it in his
pants for half the It was a busy day.
This started at 8:29 a.m. from this guy.
Tyler then flees the scene and he goes
home at some point. I don't know if he
goes home, but he goes somewhere and he
half changes his outfit. He only changes
half the doesn't change the full outfit.
Wants to leave us guessing a little bit.
Changes half the outfit. And then he's
then seen at 6:30 p.m. that night at a
Dairy Queen,
which again following in Luigi's
footsteps. What are you guys doing?
Luigi went to McDonald's. Tyler's got to
go to Dairy Queen. Like Gen Z, do you
really need fast food that bad?
You just did a shooting.
So, there's a picture of him standing at
Dairy Queen, but there is a chance that
that picture is AI, in which case DQ uh
DQ.
Okay, these are all just very surface
level, very easy to observe things.
Here's where it starts to get weird.
There is engravings on the bullets,
which again, is Luigi our guy now? Like,
are we just are we doing everything like
Luigi? If I ever had bullets, if I ever
engraved bullets, it would be like
things about me like I'm late to things.
So, like delay uh delay, defer decimals.
That would be mine.
There was engravings on the bullets.
They were weird. Okay. But Tyler also,
you know, you look at his story. He's
kind of a he's kind of a weird guy, I
guess you could say. But like one of
them said, "If you're reading this, you
are gay. Looo."
Tyler is a 4.0 student.
Like he literally had a scholarship. I
don't know. That just sounds like
something more like that like Cash Patel
would write. You know what I mean?
Here's where I think the most concrete
evidence that this was completely staged
than fake comes in. If you watch the
video, and I know it's gruesome, the
video of Charlie Kirk getting shot in
the neck. I know it was hard to see.
Like for me, when I I saw I was like, I
can't believe I'm seeing this. I said
that like literally each of the 20 times
that I watched it back to back. It was a
lot.
But there are a lot of videos now, both
on the left, on the right, people from
all over the spectrum who are analyzing
this video. And they have a very good
point. When you watch it in slow-mo, it
does not look like the bullet is
entering through here. It looks like it
is exiting. In fact, when you see it
very closely, you see some frames of
something behind his neck and then you
see Okay. Now, I've never been shot in
the neck, so maybe maybe it could go
like this first. I don't but I don't
think so. It looks like it's leaving his
neck and he kind of hunches forward,
too, which what you would do if you got
shot in the back. And and also like that
he does something with his hands. They
say it's like a neurological thing you
do when you're when you're hit directly
in the spine. He does that right away.
So, you would think it hits him there
and then it comes out the neck. You
literally see it coming out. When this
shooting first happened, a bunch of
people came out like, "Yo, this had to
be a professional job cuz he did it from
200 yards." But then a lot of like
hunters came out and be like, "Nah, I
can do that."
So, I'm like, "Fair enough. I'm not I
don't spend a lot of time at the range."
Okay. I'm kind of scared now, though.
Fortunately, most of my shows don't have
200 yards worth, but uh you know, we're
good. But now all of the gun experts are
coming out and saying a 30 odd six will
shoot through bricks.
Oh, really?
And and they've actually posted videos
showing the 30 odd shooting through like
three bricks. But apparently the
autopsy, which at first they said they
didn't do, and then two weeks later they
said they did, claims that the bullet
went into Charlie's neck and his bones
were so strong because his his mom did
not take Tylenol.
She she just drank straight milk.
Straight antibiotic rich milk. And his
bones were so strong the bullet was
stopped. A 30 odd the bullet shot by a
30 odd six which usually goes through
cement was stopped by Charlie Kirk's
bone. And they said he's the man of
steel. They said he's the man of steel
which more like the man of stop the
steel if you remember the 2020 but but
the bullet was literally stopped by the
steel. Stop. Buy this deal.
Now, this is utterly preposterous. If
one thing has come from this whole
Charlie Kirk thing, I realize I don't
believe in miracles anymore. The word
miracle means nothing to me. The word
coincidence. No. Like, you know what?
You're allowed one miracle a decade that
I believe. Okay? And you've already used
it. Biden stayed alive for his whole
term. I am done with miracles.
Okay?
You're telling me that this miraculous
bullet, it came in from the roof over
there and hit hit it went in, made it
look like it was leaving,
went inside of him, and then was and and
it probably on the way on the way it
like hit JFK, came back through, it like
time warped into the 60s, came back
around, and then punctures Charlie
Kirk's neck. It hits his bone and it's
like, I'm done. When when every YouTube
video using a 30 odd six from any range
shows it shooting through cement, but
you're telling me this magic bullet.
Okay, it goes through. It goes through
and you could argue, you know, Sammy,
it's all an illusion. What happened was
the bullet goes in and then it ricochets
off and then turns around and comes back
out.
You can argue that to me. You can make
that argument cuz things do happen
really fast. But in that case, you're
telling me this bullet goes inside and
it goes in and it it does a it's like
no, I'm gonna turn around. It does a
complete 180 and then just goes the
opposite direction. And that would
literally make the bullet a turning
point. Um,
okay.
USA, USA, USA.
Okay. I actually wrote that joke. the
first day, but I didn't want to tell it
till this week. I even told it to my
comedian friend. I was like, "Bro,
that's brutal." Like, nobody's
once you look at that video, you'll see
like what the is going on because
you see the bullet coming from back
here. Meaning that allegedly Tyler was
on the roof over here, but like people
who've looked at some, they see some
weird blurs that are going on up there.
They don't know what they are. I'm not
going to say exactly what shot Charlie
Kirk. I'm not going to drone on about
it, but
I'm just saying look look at the slow-mo
replay we play of those videos. You see
something very dron like. Okay. And you
also see like a mysterious aircraft
flying away really quickly that could be
like the mother ship
for that drone. Um
crazy little fact here too. You know,
this was at a this was at an event uh in
Utah where the base was mostly
conservative because they were there to
seek Charlie Kirk and support him and
then there was obviously a lot of
liberals there who who wanted to debate
him and then there was people protesting
the event and they say a lot of them
were on the rooftops in the distance and
they were holding up pride flags and you
can only imagine that if Charlie Kirk
was shot and he looks up at who did it
and the last thing he sees
It's a rainbow of pride flag.
It's up. But it's obviously a
joke cuz in order for that to happen,
he'd have to think the shooter came from
Tyler and we know he wasn't. So, you can
relax. That's not an insensitive joke.
Just a hypothetical scenario.
Watch the slow-mo replay and you'll know
the government's lie. Okay. If that's
not enough, okay, if if this is the
case, if Tyler did not shoot Charlie
Kirk, okay, then somebody else did
making Tyler a positioned fall guy. And
you're like, but why would they go
through all this effort to place a fall
guy? Well, we already have confirmed
there's already been two fall guys on
the scene at that event. I don't know if
you saw after Charlie Kirk is shot, the
very first thing that happens is an old
guy gets up and he's like, "It was me.
It was me. Shoot me. Shoot me. It was
me. It was me. That's weird.
You don't normally get that at
shootings.
This guy was very ready for that to
happen.
And uh so obviously they go for him,
they grab him, they take him, they
interrogate him, spend like a couple
hours doing it, and just to find like,
yeah, it's definitely not him. He even
told the police. He's like, I did that
to let the killer get away. He even told
them that. That's how crazy this guy is.
Okay, now it would be one weird thing if
this was just a regular crazy guy who
did the wrong thing at the wrong time.
But it turns out this guy is a real
person. His name is George Zinn. You can
search him. And guess what? He was
present at 9/11.
He was there in New York City at 9/11.
Guess what? He was also at the Boston
Marathon bombing. I am not making this
up. Google George Zinn. This guy
apparently is the career fall guy.
I don't know what it pays. $50 an event.
I don't know what it is, but he's out
there working. He's pathying left and
right. It's a crazy list. It's like
9/11, Boston Marathon bombing, cold
plate, kiss camp. Maybe not that one,
but there's so many weird coincidences
with this guy. George Zen, who um you
would think would be someone to
interrogate at this point, be like, "Why
the were you at 911? Why the were you at
the Boston Marathon bobbing? Why were
you at my bar mitzvah last week? You
know what? All these weird occurrences,
but you can't interview him. Why?
Because he's now been busted for child
porn. Yeah. So, so, so with all this
going on, they then were like, "Let's go
on his laptop. Oh, here's child porn."
And then they uh they had to arrest him
and now nobody can interview him. Uh
yeah. And and this well, at least this
is according to Cash Patel, who we
should we should trust. And also
according to Cash Mattel, uh this child
porn was not trafficked directly from
Jeffrey Epstein. He was actually keeping
it all to himself. Um
and after they waste their time on him,
they then find another guy who happened
to be dressed identically as Tyler. And
then they wasted a more few hours on
that guy. And it was just such a
coincidence this guy dressed looked just
like Tyler the shooter um on the same
day that Tyler the shooter did a
shooting. Uh sounds like a riddle,
right?
Um, so there was already two for
surefall guys. So why would Tyler not be
the obvious third? You know, another
thing was if you look at the videos of
Charlie in his last moments, there's men
behind him doing very weird
hand signals. They're going like
either they're like the world's worst
ASL interpreters
or they're potentially signaling like
it's time to do it. Some people actually
interpreted the exact hand gestures and
were like, "This means it's time clear."
And then some were saying like, "Why
would they even need to do that? They
already had a clear shot." Um, and it's
like, "What do you know?" You know what
I mean?
Right. So, all of these things are very
weird. Okay. And honestly, I after
seeing all these things, I still as a
good person, as a naive wanting to trust
Uncle Sam,
still believe, okay, there's a potential
that this is all true. It actually is,
Tyler. It's just a very, very weird
situation.
Maybe the bullet ricocheted off the
building and then went, I don't know. I
don't know. Maybe, maybe that's what
happened. Um, and so I was like, I'm
willing to accept the government story
that this was uh Tyler. And then they
released the text messages
and I was like, "Why are you doing this
to us? Why are you doing this to
yourselves?"
Those text messages were the It was the
most insane. I had to I I was like, "Am
I tweaking right now? Am I on
methamphetamines right now? Or do the
government really release these this
text message conversation with the
intent for us to believe it?" And if you
haven't seen it yet, do it on your own
time. God, it's not worth mine. I
already put a whole YouTube video where
I read them out loud to the crowd. It is
they're insane. First of all, it's all
in complete sentences. Jenzi does not
talk in complete sentences.
In it, Tyler says things like, "My love
and my vehicle." Okay, Jenz says, "My
whip." Everybody knows that.
And it was so crazy and fake that it
does make you think, okay, this is such
a wild conversation that maybe this is
how people speak in Utah.
And maybe it's so fake that it's real.
The government released it. Cuz why
would they release something so
glaringly fake unless it was like, "Yo,
bro, this is real."
In which case, my conclusion is whether
it's fake or not, which I definitely
think it's fake. Whether it's fake or
not, the government did not read these
texts before releasing them because any
government in their right mind would
read these like there's no way people
are going to believe this, dude. We
should just keep these to ourselves and
paraphrase.
But they didn't. They just released it.
They're like, "Yeah, read it and weep."
And we're like, "You are so dumb, dude."
And now I think we're at the point where
it doesn't matter if you're left, if
you're right, if you love Charlie, you
hated him. If you believe the
conspiracies or if you think it was just
regular old Tyler,
what all of America can agree on at this
point and bring us together, we can all
agree that Cash Patel is aing idiot.
Okay, we can all agree this is
unanimous.
This is the one thing we should be
united over.
Cash Patel might be the biggest in
the world right now.
Cash Patel, which sounds like a motel
chain, is
he's the head of the FBI. He's Azizari's
jacked autistic cousin.
He's been doing such a botch job of
this, not only this, but the Epstein
files. Um, and and I'm not saying that
Cash Patel is the dumbest person in the
world. Clearly, he knows how to put on a
suit. You know, he knows how to use big
words like Valhalla.
Okay? So, I'm not saying he's the
dumbest person in the world, but I can
say conclusively he's the dumbest Indian
person in the world.
This confirm I can say this. I'm from
Fremont, California. I know Indian
people and
and and if that's racist, I'lling take
it. But I don't think there's one Indian
person in here who's going to be like,
"Yeah, he's ours.
If I pose this on YouTube, everybody's
going and every Indian person is going
to be like, "We don't claim him." That's
going to be the main comment. Okay. In
Caspel's defense, I do truly believe
that he does not think that these are
lies. He's just being given the
information and he really believes it.
It's really like just trying to watch
like a 2-year-old child solve a murder,
you know? It's like that's what I would
think if it was if I was at that level
of intelligence.
Let me tell you, I do believe that Tyler
was there. I do believe that he was
there. And I do believe that in some
shape or form, he either knew he was
going to be the fall guy or he thought
he was trained to think that he actually
was the one who was going to take the
shot. So, I I I I don't know exactly who
all did this with him, but let's just
say it was Tyler and all of his
accompllices, if you will. T Tyler and
all if you want Tyl Tyler and all
Tylerol Tylerol
Tylenol
I think I might be autistic at this
point. I actually think this whole case
is making me autistic.
So the question is if it wasn't Tyler
who masterminded this if you are a gay
operation
then who was it? Well, we can at least
acknowledge that Netanyahu tweeted a
little bit too quickly.
When Charlie Kirk passed,
it was really weird. He he t he tagged
he said praying for Charlie Kirk. He
tagged Charlie Kirk for some reason.
That was really weird. As if he knew
Charlie Kirk was going to see it. Which,
you know, there are conspiracies that
Charlie Kirk is still alive. That's the
main one is that Netanyahu tagged him.
He's like, "Bro, huh? Get it?" Yeah. You
see that? Charlie's like, "Shut the
up, man." It was weird. And then
obviously, you know, a lot of people saw
that and they're like, "Oh, it was
Netanyahu. It was Israel." And so
Netanyahu made not one but two videos.
He's like, "Now guys,
Israel did not kill Charlie Kerb. This
is anti-Semitic."
They were like, "So shocking that you
would say that." So that's obviously
very suspicious. I mean, but it's not
crazy given the fact that Charlie Kirk
was certainly a mouthpiece for Israel
his entire career. And in the last year,
he was slowly changing course. He was
becoming more like uh Tucker Carlson,
who, you know, uh I don't give a what
you say. I'm in love with him. Okay? I
don't give a what you say. Do not
show me old videos of things he said in
the past. He's doing God's work right
now and I'm in love with him and I don't
want you to ruin it for me. I love
Tucker Carlson. When he laughs, I come.
I love this man.
I love him. And I love Candace Owens.
And there's nothing you can do to change
that. Okay? Don't push me away before I
start having those feelings for Marjorie
Taylor Green. Okay? Don't don't make me
go that far.
It's crazy time though, dude. Tucker
Carlson, Can Marjorie Taylor Green, Kim
Jong-un.
I know.
Um,
so, so yeah, it's a weird time, but but
yes, Charlie Kirk was slowly turning on
Israel. So, it's it's not insane. Okay,
now here's the thing. Okay. Uh,
obviously I don't think it's fair to
allege someone uh kill someone if they
didn't, but in the case of Israel,
even if they didn't kill Charlie Kirk,
they still deserve the allegation
anyway.
You know what I mean?
Like, first of all, the way he spoke
about you killed his reputation with me,
you know what I mean? And also like like
Israel, you've killed so many people
without getting properly punished for
it. You deserve an extra allegation.
Soing what? You get off the hook for
literally thousands of people and then
you get one blame for someone you didn't
do. I'll take it.
And for the record, I actually don't
believe that Israel as a full entity
conspired to kill Charlie Kirk. I don't
believe that. I believe they were
definitely in on it somehow,
but I don't believe that it was like all
of Israel was like, "Let's get this
guy." I think it was a group of people
who are somehow affiliated in some shape
or form, but I for legal reasons I have
to be like, "Okay, Israel did not kill
Charlie Kirk. I'm a comedian. I'm
joking. I don't think that they have
time for an assassination. They're too
busy with a genocide.
Ask the UN."
Okay.
And so, no, I'm not going to accuse them
of this or any political assassination.
I'm a comedian. I'm justing kidding.
Okay. And I have to say in that one
because I'm justing kidding. That's JFK.
Um,
thought I heard a drone. Sorry. Um,
so anyways, there obviously that that
that's that's suspicious. Now I don't I
bet again I don't think I don't think it
was Israel. I don't I don't even really
think it was BB Netanyahu. The first
suspect in my understanding is Bill
Aman.
I don't know if you know who Bill Aman
is, but Zoran talks about him a lot. So,
you know, he's not great. Okay. Uh, Bill
Aman is a billionaire in the United
States. And I don't know if I need to
like use a like a different name for his
name if I'm gonna get like, you know, in
trouble for this, but let's just say
William Aman. I don't know. Um, he's a
billionaire, which already shows that
he's not a good person.
Right?
If you're a billionaire in this room and
you're offended, keep coming to my
shows. You got money.
Here's the reason why I say Bill Aman.
Because Bill Aman is a very he's a very
pro-Israel guy. He's like giving money
to the IDF. He's been he's you know very
heavily involved in Israel's propaganda
campaigns and he knew Charlie Kirk very
well and a lot of people observed that
Charlie Kirk was turning his words on
Israel in the last year. So they started
trying to reach Neta offered Charlie
Kirk $150 million to be more pro-Israel.
Charlie Kirk turned it down and said no.
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Turns out you like the guy,
huh? Come on now. Come on.
I love that. Libs growing, baby. I love
that. But, uh, Bill Aman specifically,
he staged an intervention for Charlie
Kirk in the Hamptons. Uh, a few months
before Charlie Kirk was shot, a bunch of
people were there. There's witnesses.
This has been confirmed. He staged an
intervention where he tried to convince
Charlie Kirk to be more pro-Israel. He's
like, just come on, man. Come on. You
know, come join the boys again. Come on.
You know, it was a lot of that. Um, some
people said the language was more
aggressive. I don't know if that's the
case. Some people said he made threats.
I don't know if that's the case, but we
know that he staged this intervention
where he was trying to get Charlie to be
more pro-Israel once again. Charlie
again said no. Cuz if you saw Charlie in
his last few months, he was like, I
don't understand what's going on. He
called what's going on in Gaza ethnic
cleansing. He said, release the Epstein
files. He confirmed that Epste probably
was Mossad. He was pointing out the ills
of the Israel lobby in the United States
and their and their influence and how it
doesn't belong in our politics. And
these are all things that I
wholeheartedly agree with and and you
know it's crazy that Charlie it took
Charlie Kirk that long to turn but he he
was turning. So Bill Aman begs he stages
intervention. He begs him and Charlie
Kirk says no. Couple months later
Charlie Kirk is shot by Tyler. So it's
unrelated, right? Um,
now if that's not enough, this is the
crazy part. Tyler was turned in by his
dad. Okay, so that's how you know this
was a white family, right? Obviously,
son, do you have something to confess to
me?
Dad, I shot someone at a school today.
I'm so sorry.
Like brown kids, we don't talk to our
parents. Like, my parents don't even
know the names of my best friends, you
know?
But Tyler's dad was like, "All right,
where, when, what? Tell me who it was."
And Tyler's dad then turned him in. But
there's a reason he turned him in that's
also not discussed as much, which is
that there was reward posted for whoever
brings in the killer gets a reward. $1.2
million. That's a pretty Yeah, I would
have found Tyler for that one,
right? And guess who posted that reward?
Billing Aman, dude. Bill Aman offered
the award to $1.2 million. Now, some
sources are trying to say, "Oh, but the
father's turning it down. He's saying
don't he's donating it to charity." Oh,
boy. You can still Venmo it to him. You
don't have to be all public about it.
But you don't find that a little bit
weird. A couple months earlier, this
guy's beg this billionaire is begging
Charlie Kirk to turn and go with his
agenda. Charlie Kirk says no. Couple
months later, he's shot. And then the
next thing you know, the killer's dad is
paid $1.2 million.
That'sing weird.
That's why I put that guy as suspect
number one. Okay. Suspect number two,
uh, Trump. Okay. Those bruises don't
come too easily. All right. That guy's
clearly been uh handling a 30 odd six of
his own.
Trump is so desperate at this point
because you know so many people hate him
and it's so clear that he's in the
Epstein piles. Like we all know even his
base knows at this point. Trump is so
good at lying that I think that he's
convinced himself that he's true regard
like no matter what. But like I think
that that's why he has these bruises now
cuz his body is like nah dude.
He's like we're going to show the world
what's going on on the inside. The
bruises didn't even come after the
Epstein files. It wasn't even that that
got to him. I think it was the South
Park episode.
I think it was the South Park episode.
It just hit him right here like
and the bruises started coming out.
Charlie Kirk stormed in to the White
House and told Trump not to escalate
with Iran. His words were starting to
turn on Trump somewhat. So, and he was
demanding the release of the Epstein
files. Charlie Kirk has to understand he
was the most influential and powerful
conservative commentator especially with
the youth
which is the their only hope for the
future and um and so again and again
even if it wasn't Trump he deserves
allegation. him. Uh he's not he's
not getting punished for so many of his
other allegations. Why not just throw
another one in there?
Okay. And you can't remove me. I'm not
an ABC.
Okay,
now back to the So, suspect number
three. This one's going to upset a lot
of people, but I wouldn't be a true
private investigator if I didn't look
into this option.
I don't know if you guys watch any of
Erica Kirk's speeches,
but they're a little weird. They're a
little weird, man. They're a little
weird and I've been watching a lot of
Tik Tok
and there's just some questions that I
need answered. Okay, now I'm perfectly
willing to acknowledge Erica Kirk. She's
the wife of Charlie Kirk. She may be
completely innocent in all of this. I
could be entirely wrong and and and a
horrible person for even speculating, in
which case I will burn in hell in the
flames of hell. I'm dead. The rapture.
I'm dead. And and she's innocent. She's
an angel. shall ascend to heaven. Great.
Right. Right. Right. The the creator
will settle the score. Okay.
But in the meantime,
shit's looking a little weird, man.
And I need some questions answered, bro.
She's given a few speeches now. Erica
Kirk spoke at the Charlie Kirk Memorial,
which I watched for research purposes.
Okay. I'm going to be honest with you
guys. I am a human. a human being who I
disagreed with on a lot of things was
taken from us on this planet. So, I
wanted to come at this with from a human
perspective. This man had a family. I
wanted to watch this woman speak from a
place of empathy and be like, "Yeah, I
disagree with this guy on so many
levels, but I want to watch this." I
came to cry, dude. I was like, "I need
to cry today, man. Like, the FBI is
lying to me so hard. I need a safe
place. I need to look and find solace in
the eyes of this poor woman who actually
lost another human being and remember
the humanity of this. And remember that
even if we disagree over politics, we we
are humans and we need to connect with
each other on on the most subtle of
human level. So please, Erica Kirk, let
me look into your eyes and let me weep
with you while you grieve for your
fallen husband. And I came to that. I
came to watch for that. I came to cry
and I came to
But within 30 seconds, I was like, "What
the am I watching? What the is this? Why
is she laughing? She was literally
snickering. And Charlie, like she's
like, I know he's somewhere. Like it was
like, is he alive? Tell us.
And maybe she grieavves fast. Maybe she
grieavves fast. If she does, props to
her. I'm all about efficiency. I'm all
about efficiency. You know, I could be
that that kind of sociopath like if I
ever lose someone important, you might
see us be like, "This guy'sing weird."
But I'll tell you that in advance. I'll
be like, "Yo, I'm I'm a weird person. I
do move on very fast." I lost a lot of
math colleagues to Evans Hall and I I
was forced to grieve very quickly, like
a step function.
And so, and so maybe she grieavves fast
and maybe that's just maybe everybody's
different and and I could be totally
wrong. And again, I'm going to burn in
hell. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm already
dead. I'm already dead, but while I'm
still alive.
Why was she snickering during this
performance? Why did she seem so chill
about everything? Why is she now fully
taken over Charlie's company and already
doing podcasts?
It hasn't even been 3 weeks, okay? and
she's already taken over the company
doing podcasts like smiling, snickering,
and and it it just seems to me just from
a very basic impression that either
Charlie Kirk is still alive
or she killed him. And that's the that's
the only that's the only those are the
only two logical explanations in my
mind. And and again, you can be mad at
me, but listen, when it comes to
homicides, the spouse is always the
first suspect. They're always the first
suspect. There is literally statistics
that show that 60% of the time someone's
killed, it's the person they're in a
relationship with. 60%. In the world. In
fact, in marriages in the United States,
34% of the time a wife dies, it's the
husband.
34%. Onethird of the time if a wife
dies, it's the husband. And guess what?
If a husband dies,
Yeah. Sorry, that's
You're either scared for your life or
you just solved the murder.
He's like, "Oh I'm so dead
tonight, dude."
So, according to stats, 34% of the time
a wife dies, it's the husband. Okay? I I
don't know what the stats are for the
gay community. I don't know. It could be
could be like 60. I don't know.
34% of the time a wife dies, it is the
husband. And when a husband dies, 6% of
the time it's the wife. Good job,
ladies. Good job for being le. However,
The stat says it's 6% of the time it's
the wife who killed the husband, but
this is not including proxy murders
where the wife hired someone. Oh,
inconvenient.
That's like most of them, dude.
Rarely she does it herself, man. Let's
be honest. There's no stat for that.
Apparently, apparently, how convenient.
There's no stat for spousal proxy
murders,
but the global stat is if somebody dies
who's in a relationship, 60% of the time
it has something to do with the person
they're in the relationship with. So,
can we at least not be curious about
that stat? In this case, the biggest
assassination of our lifetime, whether
you like it or not. Okay, now I know
some be like, "Oh my god, this is so
cold." You're analyzing a a shooting by
statistics. Well, that's kind of what
Charlie did for a living. So, I don't
know if you noticed,
anytime they talked about shootings,
Charlie was like, "Well, 30% of the time
is gang violence." And you got to factor
that in, you know? So, you I'm just
saying Charlie's up there being like,
"Good man, you know.
Now, okay, that's that's not all my
evidence here, okay? I didn't know I had
to prepare the case for you guys, but
but here's my engravings, okay? Um,
so you can you can go down the rabbit
hole yourself, but there's a lot of
weird things about Erica Kirk. First of
all, she knew President Trump before she
knew Charlie Kirk. She
in fact, she won Trump's Miss Arizona
pageant. She worked indirectly with
Trump before this. Both of her parents
are involved in government operations.
Uh I believe her father was involved in
Rathon direct like arms deals with
Israel. Uh her mom worked for the
Department of Defense. She's literally
born inside of the government. Okay. And
she won Trump's pageant. Okay. And um
for a while she was part of the she was
part of like either the founding or the
ownership of or her family owned or the
people she worked with. She worked for
an orphanage in Romania that yes where a
bunch of children went missing.
So so much so and some people say some
of them ended up in Israel. I don't
know. I mean maybe. I don't know. I'm
not going to spread that rumor without
the information. But but but what has
been allegedly confirmed is that she was
involved with an orphanage in Romania
where children went missing. so many
that they had to shut down operations
and they are now banned from Romania. Do
you know how up you got to be to
be banned from
Andrew Kate is mayor of Romania? You got
to be to be banned from Romania,
you got to lose a lot of kids. Okay? And
and this was at a time when she was
working with Trump and it was also at a
time when Jeffrey Epstein was still
active.
So you you do whatever you want with
that. I'm just saying that's weird.
Okay. But she was born into a US
government family, worked with Trump,
knew Trump. You saw that the hug that
they had at the memorial. It was too
weird.
And she now owns Turning Point USA.
Probably. We'll see. I mean, if I again,
if I'm wrong, burn me in hell. But she
she's now taking over. She's now taking
We know that she's taking over Turning
Point USA. She's already making content.
Okay. And here's what I find the
craziest. When she met Charlie Kirk, it
was not on a dating app. It was not at a
bar. It was at a job interview.
She went in to interview for a position
at Turning Point USA. That's how she met
Charlie Kirk. She showed up for an
interview. They hit it off. He fell in
love immediately. They got married in a
matter of months.
Wow.
Yeah. And now she owns Turning Point
USA. A couple years later, they got
married in 2021.
Barely four years later, she owns
Turning Point USA. So, I'm saying you
can make all the connections you want,
okay? But just if you look at the whole
thing, it starts not with romance or
love, but it starts with her applying
for a job and ends with her getting a
promotion. So, you you can you can you
can look at that however you want. Okay,
I'm just pointing out coincidences,
which I don't believe in. I already told
you that
the thing is is that sometimes you need
to take the red pill and go down the
rabbit hole because your government's
not going to do it for you. Okay? The
media is not going to do it for you. ABC
is still out there like, "Was Tyler into
trans people?" You know what I mean?
Like, they're still out there like
trying to figure out a fake story. Okay?
And if if personally like I think I find
all this absolutely absurd. It's I'm
going crazy. Okay, now just to bring it
back home, if you want some crazy wild
conspiracy stuff, this is the part that
is craziest. This murder apparently was
almost entirely predicted in a movie
from 1998
called Snake Eyes with Nick Cage.
Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no. Look at these
Tik Toks. It's insane. I'll tell you.
I'll tell you. And you're you're going
to not believe this either, so you're
going to have to look it up, too. But
Wikipedia confirmed everything. Okay.
A movie from 1998 called Snake Eyes with
Nick Cage. The plot of the movie is a
man named Charles Kirkland.
Charles Kirkland is murdered in front of
a a crowd of people. He's shot in the
neck exactly like Charlie Kirk at an
event that was also a boxing match where
the boxer was named Tyler the
Executioner.
Even crazier, the date that happened in
the movie was September 10th.
You're You're like, "There's no way.
Look at the up."
Yes. Yes. Go. Seriously, is a movie
called Snake Eyes on September 10th. Guy
named Charles Gri shot in the neck at an
event where the guy's named Tyler the
Executioner. Okay. And I'll I'll even
add some more irony that you won't find
in these Tik Tok videos. Okay.
The movie was shot at Trump Tower.
I'm not kidding you. It's an inside job.
We're all stoned out of our minds. All
of our moms were taking Tylenol and weed
and Molly and Percoet.
It's crazy. I'll even add some more
irony that you won't find in these Tik
Tok videos. Okay, something I did on my
own.
The movie is called Snake Eyes. Snake
Eyes is when you roll two ones
individually, right? What is the
probability of that? 1 over 6 * 1 over 6
multiply 1 over 36 30 odd six
which is also my age.
I looked it up the cuz I I wanted to
like Wikipedia to make sure I was not
completely the edible. The edible had
already kicked in, but I wanted to make
sure it was me and not the edible. And I
looked it up and and that all of that
stuff the movie 100% it's all happens in
the movie. You can watch the movie. And
so I wanted to know who who kills the
guy Charles Kirkland. So I looked that
up and this is how you know the movies
from the '90s. The sniper was a
Palestinian terrorist.
Got to miss the '9s, man. Back when we
actually had representation in movies,
you know, it wasn't the good kind, but
it was there.
The guy who played him wasn't even
Palestinian, obviously. It was He was
like a half Latin guy. He was just like,
"Hey, I'll be I'll be your Palestinian
terrorist."
And the Pali Palestinian terrorist
sniped Charles Kirkland because Charles
Kirkland was working for the Pentagon on
a big arms deal selling weapons to
Israel.
That was the one detail in the movie
where I'm like, I think it's um But
so, so even in that movie, it's about
Israel. Even in that movie, it's about
Israel. And and the the plot, sorry to
spoiler, but uh the plot basically
Nicholas Cage later finds out that his
friend who works for the government was
inside on the inside of it. He hired a
Palestinian sniper who was willing to be
the fall guy and basically jihad himself
and and but it was really his friend
Kevin who worked for the Pentagon who is
in on the whole thing and killed Charles
Kirkland. So even in that movie, it's an
inside job.
So wake the up.
Wake the up.
And
and really this whole situation has
taught me so much about myself and
humanity, you know, because I was not a
fan of Charlie Kirk. I saw so many
videos of him that I just absolutely was
like, why are you saying that, man?
That's so messed up. Like, why do you
hate Muslims so much, dude? Like,
Muslims, like, they believe in Jesus.
They believe Jesus was a prophet. Like,
they're so friendly with Christians.
Like, why do you hate them so much?
Like, why do you blame black people for
everything, man? Like, can't you just be
like, "These shootings are bad. We need
to like figure them out and being like,
well, black people need to take
account." Like, can't you can't you
debate anybody older than 15, man? Like,
come on. like
I I I really did hate this guy. I I I I
respected his chops as a debater. I just
wish he used them on somebody his age,
you know,
and and so I I I definitely did not like
this guy. But after seeing this and
after seeing how he was turning, I I
found my humanity and I found I found my
appreciation even for people I
completely disagree with because nobody
deserves that. Nobody, not not only
nobody deserve to be murdered, but
nobody deserves to be murdered and lied
about it. You know what I'm saying? And
and I know nobody agrees with me because
you're in San Francisco. I get it. But
but but I found my own humanity because
this whole time I really I hated Charlie
Kirk and all the things he said, but now
I'm like one of the only people trying
to solve his murder. You know what I
mean? So I I'm trying, dude. I'm trying,
man.
You could say I'm at a turning point.
