We got it. We got it. We got it. >> Rest now, brother, and I'll see you in >> Rest now, brother, and I'll see you in >> Rest now, brother, and I'll see you in Valhalla. It Valhalla. It Valhalla. It >> was never my intention to make light of >> was never my intention to make light of >> was never my intention to make light of the murder. the murder. the murder. >> Johnny Curt died on a biking king. >> Johnny Curt died on a biking king. >> Johnny Curt died on a biking king. >> I forgive him. I am so excited. >> I forgive him. I am so excited. >> I forgive him. I am so excited. >> Okay, let's get serious for a moment. >> Okay, let's get serious for a moment. >> Okay, let's get serious for a moment. Okay. Okay. Okay. >> Um, >> Um, >> Um, so, uh, a couple weeks ago, uh, a man so, uh, a couple weeks ago, uh, a man so, uh, a couple weeks ago, uh, a man was shot in front of a live, uh, was shot in front of a live, uh, was shot in front of a live, uh, audience of people, in front of a lot of audience of people, in front of a lot of audience of people, in front of a lot of people. It was, it was outdoors. Thank people. It was, it was outdoors. Thank people. It was, it was outdoors. Thank god comedy is indoors. Uh, god comedy is indoors. Uh, god comedy is indoors. Uh, sorry. I was just thinking out loud, but sorry. I was just thinking out loud, but sorry. I was just thinking out loud, but a man was shot in in front of he was a man was shot in in front of he was a man was shot in in front of he was shot dead. Fatally wounded, as they say. shot dead. Fatally wounded, as they say. shot dead. Fatally wounded, as they say. It's kind of a kind of a like a It's kind of a kind of a like a It's kind of a kind of a like a misleading. It's like he's dead. Uh, misleading. It's like he's dead. Uh, misleading. It's like he's dead. Uh, he's like, "He was fatally wounded." he's like, "He was fatally wounded." he's like, "He was fatally wounded." You're like, "Wait, he was just You're like, "Wait, he was just You're like, "Wait, he was just wounded." Like fatally. Oh, yeah. My my grandfather reached fatal yeah. My my grandfather reached fatal yeah. My my grandfather reached fatal old age recently, actually. But um I'm going to be honest with you, But um I'm going to be honest with you, But um I'm going to be honest with you, okay? As a comedian, as a public okay? As a comedian, as a public okay? As a comedian, as a public performer, I was utterly scared. Okay? performer, I was utterly scared. Okay? performer, I was utterly scared. Okay? I'm going to be vulnerable with you I'm going to be vulnerable with you I'm going to be vulnerable with you guys. I was terrified when I saw that. I guys. I was terrified when I saw that. I guys. I was terrified when I saw that. I saw, wow, I mean, if that can happen to saw, wow, I mean, if that can happen to saw, wow, I mean, if that can happen to him, you know, could it happen to me? I him, you know, could it happen to me? I him, you know, could it happen to me? I say some inflammatory things sometimes. say some inflammatory things sometimes. say some inflammatory things sometimes. I was just talking about Tylenol I was just talking about Tylenol I was just talking about Tylenol earlier, you know. Okay. Okay. Okay. And so, And so, And so, and so I was scared. I shut down. I and so I was scared. I shut down. I and so I was scared. I shut down. I freaked out. I I I honestly did not even freaked out. I I I honestly did not even freaked out. I I I honestly did not even want to leave the house. And um you want to leave the house. And um you want to leave the house. And um you know, I I I felt like I had no one to know, I I I felt like I had no one to know, I I I felt like I had no one to talk to. And I felt so alone and so in talk to. And I felt so alone and so in talk to. And I felt so alone and so in my head. my head. my head. But thankfully, within about 36 hours, But thankfully, within about 36 hours, But thankfully, within about 36 hours, the governor of Utah came out and said, the governor of Utah came out and said, the governor of Utah came out and said, "We got him." And I finally relaxed and "We got him." And I finally relaxed and "We got him." And I finally relaxed and was like, "Thank God we're back. We're was like, "Thank God we're back. We're was like, "Thank God we're back. We're back. We are so back. Oh my god. They back. We are so back. Oh my god. They back. We are so back. Oh my god. They got the guy. They got the guy. I want to got the guy. They got the guy. I want to got the guy. They got the guy. I want to give a special shout out to the FBI, give a special shout out to the FBI, give a special shout out to the FBI, uh, Utah police, the Trump uh, Utah police, the Trump uh, Utah police, the Trump administration, and of course, special administration, and of course, special administration, and of course, special shout out to Cash Patel, uh, shout out to Cash Patel, uh, shout out to Cash Patel, uh, for bringing justice to this case. There for bringing justice to this case. There for bringing justice to this case. There there was a killer on the loose for a there was a killer on the loose for a there was a killer on the loose for a little while, but they got him. Guys, little while, but they got him. Guys, little while, but they got him. Guys, why are you not excited? They got him. why are you not excited? They got him. why are you not excited? They got him. Yes. Have faith in the system. The Yes. Have faith in the system. The Yes. Have faith in the system. The system works. Okay. Yes. Just get back system works. Okay. Yes. Just get back system works. Okay. Yes. Just get back to work. Keep paying your taxes. It'll to work. Keep paying your taxes. It'll to work. Keep paying your taxes. It'll go directly to Israel. It's going to be go directly to Israel. It's going to be go directly to Israel. It's going to be totally fine, man. Yeah. Why you not laughing, my love? Why you not laughing, my love? Why you not laughing, my love? All right, that was called satire. Uh, right, that was called satire. Uh, right, that was called satire. Uh, the truth is the killer is still on the the truth is the killer is still on the the truth is the killer is still on the loose and you should be terrified and loose and you should be terrified and loose and you should be terrified and angry at these who are angry at these who are angry at these who are lying to you, okay? They are lying to lying to you, okay? They are lying to lying to you, okay? They are lying to you. They are lying through their teeth, you. They are lying through their teeth, you. They are lying through their teeth, okay? And they're doing it so okay? And they're doing it so okay? And they're doing it so deliberately and so sloppily and people deliberately and so sloppily and people deliberately and so sloppily and people are back to work. And to be honest, I are back to work. And to be honest, I are back to work. And to be honest, I think it's because so many people hated think it's because so many people hated think it's because so many people hated Charlie Kirk Charlie Kirk Charlie Kirk that they're just like, "Nah, we'll let that they're just like, "Nah, we'll let that they're just like, "Nah, we'll let this one slide." Like, no, no, no, this one slide." Like, no, no, no, this one slide." Like, no, no, no, no. It doesn't matter if you hated or no. It doesn't matter if you hated or no. It doesn't matter if you hated or love the guy. Like, something happened love the guy. Like, something happened love the guy. Like, something happened here. And we deserve answers, okay? We here. And we deserve answers, okay? We here. And we deserve answers, okay? We deserve answers. Unfortunately, you came deserve answers. Unfortunately, you came deserve answers. Unfortunately, you came to a comedy show uh to a comedy show uh to a comedy show uh where you will undoubtedly get more where you will undoubtedly get more where you will undoubtedly get more answers than from your government answers than from your government answers than from your government directly. directly. directly. Um because unlike the government, I because unlike the government, I because unlike the government, I actually go on Tik Tok and consume actually go on Tik Tok and consume actually go on Tik Tok and consume consume information. I don't just own consume information. I don't just own consume information. I don't just own and censor Tik Tok. I actually go on Tik and censor Tik Tok. I actually go on Tik and censor Tik Tok. I actually go on Tik Tok. And and seriously, a lot of people Tok. And and seriously, a lot of people Tok. And and seriously, a lot of people don't like hearing this, but this is don't like hearing this, but this is don't like hearing this, but this is this is very likely going to be the this is very likely going to be the this is very likely going to be the assassination of our lifetime in the assassination of our lifetime in the assassination of our lifetime in the sense that No, no, no, no. I'm sure a sense that No, no, no, no. I'm sure a sense that No, no, no, no. I'm sure a couple of you were alive for JFK. Bless couple of you were alive for JFK. Bless couple of you were alive for JFK. Bless you, boomers, okay? Bless you, Boomers. you, boomers, okay? Bless you, Boomers. you, boomers, okay? Bless you, Boomers. Obviously JFK and MLK, these people Obviously JFK and MLK, these people Obviously JFK and MLK, these people meant more to a lot more people than meant more to a lot more people than meant more to a lot more people than Charlie Kirk did, but you have to Charlie Kirk did, but you have to Charlie Kirk did, but you have to understand these things were not shown understand these things were not shown understand these things were not shown to us live on social media. There to us live on social media. There to us live on social media. There weren't millions of people watching when weren't millions of people watching when weren't millions of people watching when it happened and there weren't this many it happened and there weren't this many it happened and there weren't this many people back in the 60s. So, this is people back in the 60s. So, this is people back in the 60s. So, this is actually huge and it was done right in actually huge and it was done right in actually huge and it was done right in front of our eyes and there's way too front of our eyes and there's way too front of our eyes and there's way too many holes in the story for us to just many holes in the story for us to just many holes in the story for us to just be like everything's fine. You know, I think it's so messed up that You know, I think it's so messed up that You know, I think it's so messed up that we are so desensitized to shootings that we are so desensitized to shootings that we are so desensitized to shootings that now whenever a shooting happens, every now whenever a shooting happens, every now whenever a shooting happens, every comedian's like, "What's my angle on comedian's like, "What's my angle on comedian's like, "What's my angle on this?" You know, it's like the shooter this?" You know, it's like the shooter this?" You know, it's like the shooter already found it. Um, I mean, structurally a good joke. I mean, structurally a good joke. I mean, structurally a good joke. It's about a 45° angle It's about a 45° angle It's about a 45° angle joke. And I mean, like, yeah, I I made joke. And I mean, like, yeah, I I made joke. And I mean, like, yeah, I I made messed up jokes, but my friends made way messed up jokes, but my friends made way messed up jokes, but my friends made way more messed up jokes cuz it's a, you more messed up jokes cuz it's a, you more messed up jokes cuz it's a, you know, it it was a school shooting and my know, it it was a school shooting and my know, it it was a school shooting and my friend called it a mass shooting. And I friend called it a mass shooting. And I friend called it a mass shooting. And I was like, "Bro, only one person got was like, "Bro, only one person got was like, "Bro, only one person got shot." He's like, "No, but he was shot." He's like, "No, but he was shot." He's like, "No, but he was Catholic." I was like, "That's up, Catholic." I was like, "That's up, Catholic." I was like, "That's up, dude." That's up. It was a mass dude." That's up. It was a mass dude." That's up. It was a mass shooting. I had to say it again cuz I know halfers I had to say it again cuz I know halfers I had to say it again cuz I know halfers didn't even get it. If you believe it's Tyler, fine. You If you believe it's Tyler, fine. You If you believe it's Tyler, fine. You know, we all need someone to blame from know, we all need someone to blame from know, we all need someone to blame from time to time. And why not just put on a time to time. And why not just put on a time to time. And why not just put on a guy named Tyler? guy named Tyler? guy named Tyler? That sounds perfectly reasonable. Tyler That sounds perfectly reasonable. Tyler That sounds perfectly reasonable. Tyler Robinson, too. Nice vanilla name. Robinson, too. Nice vanilla name. Robinson, too. Nice vanilla name. And I already told you I'm against And I already told you I'm against And I already told you I'm against violence. I don't have to repeat myself. violence. I don't have to repeat myself. violence. I don't have to repeat myself. Okay. I'm against violence. I don't like Okay. I'm against violence. I don't like Okay. I'm against violence. I don't like that a guy got shot. I'm I'm that a guy got shot. I'm I'm that a guy got shot. I'm I'm pro-humanity. I think it's up. But also, pro-humanity. I think it's up. But also, pro-humanity. I think it's up. But also, I'm going to make jokes. You kidding me? I'm going to make jokes. You kidding me? I'm going to make jokes. You kidding me? It's like people like, "Oh my god, It's like people like, "Oh my god, It's like people like, "Oh my god, you're making jokes because a man died. you're making jokes because a man died. you're making jokes because a man died. Have you seen my genocide material? Bro, stop shooting mother and I'll stop Bro, stop shooting mother and I'll stop Bro, stop shooting mother and I'll stop making jokes. Deal. making jokes. Deal. making jokes. Deal. >> Maybe the jokes will get you to stop >> Maybe the jokes will get you to stop >> Maybe the jokes will get you to stop doing it. doing it. doing it. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> No, it won't. Um, but uh but but yeah, >> No, it won't. Um, but uh but but yeah, >> No, it won't. Um, but uh but but yeah, so anyways, uh people are upset. Who so anyways, uh people are upset. Who so anyways, uh people are upset. Who cares? cares? cares? What matters is our government is lying What matters is our government is lying What matters is our government is lying to us, okay? And sometimes you got to be to us, okay? And sometimes you got to be to us, okay? And sometimes you got to be your own private detective. your own private detective. your own private detective. I really wanted to dig in, go into the I really wanted to dig in, go into the I really wanted to dig in, go into the case, watch as many Tik Toks as I case, watch as many Tik Toks as I case, watch as many Tik Toks as I possibly could. I wanted to look at the possibly could. I wanted to look at the possibly could. I wanted to look at the details and really understand why our details and really understand why our details and really understand why our government is lying to us and how to government is lying to us and how to government is lying to us and how to prove that they are lying to us. So, prove that they are lying to us. So, prove that they are lying to us. So, let's look at the facts here. Allegedly, let's look at the facts here. Allegedly, let's look at the facts here. Allegedly, Tyler showed up to the campus at 8:29 Tyler showed up to the campus at 8:29 Tyler showed up to the campus at 8:29 a.m. that morning, which first thing to a.m. that morning, which first thing to a.m. that morning, which first thing to notice, not quite as an achiever as notice, not quite as an achiever as notice, not quite as an achiever as Luigi. Uh, Luigi. Uh, Luigi. Uh, Luigi was on site at 5:30 a.m. Luigi was on site at 5:30 a.m. Luigi was on site at 5:30 a.m. in the dead of winter. in the dead of winter. in the dead of winter. When the sun rises at 8:00 a.m., When the sun rises at 8:00 a.m., When the sun rises at 8:00 a.m., he was up with the birds, man. Tyler he was up with the birds, man. Tyler he was up with the birds, man. Tyler rolled out of bed rolled out of bed rolled out of bed at 7:45, at 7:45, at 7:45, grabbed his grandpa's rifle, grabbed his grandpa's rifle, grabbed his grandpa's rifle, and then went to the school and and then went to the school and and then went to the school and allegedly stuffed it in his pants. allegedly stuffed it in his pants. allegedly stuffed it in his pants. because you see camera footage of him because you see camera footage of him because you see camera footage of him walking around campus with no rifle, but walking around campus with no rifle, but walking around campus with no rifle, but yet he didn't leave to go get it. So, he yet he didn't leave to go get it. So, he yet he didn't leave to go get it. So, he was walking around with a rifle on him was walking around with a rifle on him was walking around with a rifle on him and they don't know where. So, he had to and they don't know where. So, he had to and they don't know where. So, he had to have stuffed it in his pants, which I have stuffed it in his pants, which I have stuffed it in his pants, which I would believe if he wasn't wearing would believe if he wasn't wearing would believe if he wasn't wearing skinny jeans. skinny jeans. skinny jeans. Bro, his Gen Z his jeans were like this Bro, his Gen Z his jeans were like this Bro, his Gen Z his jeans were like this and you're telling me there was a and you're telling me there was a and you're telling me there was a shotgun right there, shotgun right there, shotgun right there, bro. Like, I I'm wearing relatively I bro. Like, I I'm wearing relatively I bro. Like, I I'm wearing relatively I can even put my hand in my own pants can even put my hand in my own pants can even put my hand in my own pants right now. This guy can put his whole right now. This guy can put his whole right now. This guy can put his whole grandpa's rifle in there, grandpa's rifle in there, grandpa's rifle in there, bro. bro. bro. Bro, I don't believe it. Okay, the Bro, I don't believe it. Okay, the Bro, I don't believe it. Okay, the shooting happened at 12:23 p.m. Okay, shooting happened at 12:23 p.m. Okay, shooting happened at 12:23 p.m. Okay, which is already really crazy, right? which is already really crazy, right? which is already really crazy, right? 12:23. 1 2 3. It's like counting to 12:23. 1 2 3. It's like counting to 12:23. 1 2 3. It's like counting to three, but you stutter. Just saying. The signs are there, man. Just saying. The signs are there, man. Just saying. The signs are there, man. At 12:23, a shot rang out. Okay. At 12:23, a shot rang out. Okay. At 12:23, a shot rang out. Okay. Instantly, you have footage of allegedly Instantly, you have footage of allegedly Instantly, you have footage of allegedly Tyler running off of the roof and Tyler running off of the roof and Tyler running off of the roof and jumping off of the off of the roof. jumping off of the off of the roof. jumping off of the off of the roof. Something you should know about this Something you should know about this Something you should know about this footage, it's it's been alleged. There's footage, it's it's been alleged. There's footage, it's it's been alleged. There's no actual proof of this, but I hope this no actual proof of this, but I hope this no actual proof of this, but I hope this does come out. That camera footage we've does come out. That camera footage we've does come out. That camera footage we've all seen of Tyler jumping off the roof all seen of Tyler jumping off the roof all seen of Tyler jumping off the roof is a only a portion of what that camera is a only a portion of what that camera is a only a portion of what that camera shows. And that camera actually shows a shows. And that camera actually shows a shows. And that camera actually shows a wide view of the entire rooftop of that wide view of the entire rooftop of that wide view of the entire rooftop of that building, which could potentially show building, which could potentially show building, which could potentially show Tyler at the moment of the shooting. But Tyler at the moment of the shooting. But Tyler at the moment of the shooting. But for some reason, they're not showing for some reason, they're not showing for some reason, they're not showing that. This is all alleged, but you would that. This is all alleged, but you would that. This is all alleged, but you would presume if we have a camera that caught presume if we have a camera that caught presume if we have a camera that caught him jumping off at the right time, why him jumping off at the right time, why him jumping off at the right time, why do we not have a camera showing more or do we not have a camera showing more or do we not have a camera showing more or less where he was on the roof in the less where he was on the roof in the less where he was on the roof in the position of the shooting, right? But you position of the shooting, right? But you position of the shooting, right? But you see him jumping off with no rifle. So see him jumping off with no rifle. So see him jumping off with no rifle. So either again, he was in the pants just either again, he was in the pants just either again, he was in the pants just like which he he his knees bent. So like which he he his knees bent. So like which he he his knees bent. So there's no way. There's no way. And so there's no way. There's no way. And so there's no way. There's no way. And so some people say they see a thingy. He's some people say they see a thingy. He's some people say they see a thingy. He's has a thingy perhaps like a towel or a has a thingy perhaps like a towel or a has a thingy perhaps like a towel or a piece of cloth that the rifle is under piece of cloth that the rifle is under piece of cloth that the rifle is under disassembled, which is is potentially disassembled, which is is potentially disassembled, which is is potentially could make sense. The only thing is to could make sense. The only thing is to could make sense. The only thing is to disassemble it, he had to use a disassemble it, he had to use a disassemble it, he had to use a screwdriver, which he left on the roof. screwdriver, which he left on the roof. screwdriver, which he left on the roof. That's what the FBI is saying. They say That's what the FBI is saying. They say That's what the FBI is saying. They say that the screwdriver he left it on the that the screwdriver he left it on the that the screwdriver he left it on the roof. It's probably still there. How roof. It's probably still there. How roof. It's probably still there. How sloppy they are. sloppy they are. sloppy they are. The screwdriver is probably still there. The screwdriver is probably still there. The screwdriver is probably still there. And he left on they say they that his And he left on they say they that his And he left on they say they that his DNA is all the screw on. He's just like he threw it on the roof like a idiot. he threw it on the roof like a idiot. he threw it on the roof like a idiot. He's like disassemble. So allegedly then he has the the So allegedly then he has the the So allegedly then he has the the disassembled rifle. Fine, which which disassembled rifle. Fine, which which disassembled rifle. Fine, which which I'll buy that. But then he then stashes I'll buy that. But then he then stashes I'll buy that. But then he then stashes it in the woods or as he calls it in his it in the woods or as he calls it in his it in the woods or as he calls it in his text his drop site. Okay. Stashes it in text his drop site. Okay. Stashes it in text his drop site. Okay. Stashes it in the woods fully reassembled. the woods fully reassembled. the woods fully reassembled. Which is okay. Don't know why you did Which is okay. Don't know why you did Which is okay. Don't know why you did that. Does he like puzzles? You know that. Does he like puzzles? You know that. Does he like puzzles? You know what I mean? what I mean? what I mean? Sounds like his mom was taking Tyler and Sounds like his mom was taking Tyler and Sounds like his mom was taking Tyler and all. Okay. stashes it in the woods fully stashes it in the woods fully stashes it in the woods fully reassembled, which is fine. Maybe he did reassembled, which is fine. Maybe he did reassembled, which is fine. Maybe he did reassemble the rifle, but without the reassemble the rifle, but without the reassemble the rifle, but without the screwdriver. screwdriver. screwdriver. He left it on. Did he have two He left it on. Did he have two He left it on. Did he have two screwdrivers? And he's like, "This is my screwdrivers? And he's like, "This is my screwdrivers? And he's like, "This is my DNA one. This is my non-DNA one." But he left the scope all messed up for But he left the scope all messed up for But he left the scope all messed up for some reason just to with us a little some reason just to with us a little some reason just to with us a little bit. The crazy thing about this shotgun bit. The crazy thing about this shotgun bit. The crazy thing about this shotgun that he had too, it was allegedly his that he had too, it was allegedly his that he had too, it was allegedly his greatgrandfather's or his grandfather's greatgrandfather's or his grandfather's greatgrandfather's or his grandfather's shotgun, which in his text he calls my shotgun, which in his text he calls my shotgun, which in his text he calls my olds man olds man or something like olds man olds man or something like olds man olds man or something like that. And get this, there's no serial that. And get this, there's no serial that. And get this, there's no serial number on it. Why? Cuz it's so old it number on it. Why? Cuz it's so old it number on it. Why? Cuz it's so old it was before serial numbers. Oh no. was before serial numbers. Oh no. was before serial numbers. Oh no. How convenient. How convenient. How convenient. Apparently, his great-grandfather used Apparently, his great-grandfather used Apparently, his great-grandfather used this rifle in World War I this rifle in World War I this rifle in World War I >> and then his grandfather used it again >> and then his grandfather used it again >> and then his grandfather used it again in World War II and now Tyler used it to in World War II and now Tyler used it to in World War II and now Tyler used it to start World War II. Apparently, >> the shotgun, by the way, it's called a >> the shotgun, by the way, it's called a >> the shotgun, by the way, it's called a 30 odd 6. It's existed for 119 years. 30 odd 6. It's existed for 119 years. 30 odd 6. It's existed for 119 years. Apparently, you can still use it. And Apparently, you can still use it. And Apparently, you can still use it. And it's called a 30 odd 6, which is also it's called a 30 odd 6, which is also it's called a 30 odd 6, which is also how old I tell people I am. how old I tell people I am. how old I tell people I am. I'm 30 odd six. They can't figure it I'm 30 odd six. They can't figure it I'm 30 odd six. They can't figure it out. They're like, "Is he 37?" >> This 30 odd 6, he stashes it in the >> This 30 odd 6, he stashes it in the >> This 30 odd 6, he stashes it in the woods, left his screwdriver on the roof woods, left his screwdriver on the roof woods, left his screwdriver on the roof for some reason after having it in his for some reason after having it in his for some reason after having it in his pants for half the It was a busy day. pants for half the It was a busy day. pants for half the It was a busy day. This started at 8:29 a.m. from this guy. This started at 8:29 a.m. from this guy. This started at 8:29 a.m. from this guy. Tyler then flees the scene and he goes Tyler then flees the scene and he goes Tyler then flees the scene and he goes home at some point. I don't know if he home at some point. I don't know if he home at some point. I don't know if he goes home, but he goes somewhere and he goes home, but he goes somewhere and he goes home, but he goes somewhere and he half changes his outfit. He only changes half changes his outfit. He only changes half changes his outfit. He only changes half the doesn't change the full outfit. half the doesn't change the full outfit. half the doesn't change the full outfit. Wants to leave us guessing a little bit. Wants to leave us guessing a little bit. Wants to leave us guessing a little bit. Changes half the outfit. And then he's Changes half the outfit. And then he's Changes half the outfit. And then he's then seen at 6:30 p.m. that night at a then seen at 6:30 p.m. that night at a then seen at 6:30 p.m. that night at a Dairy Queen, Dairy Queen, Dairy Queen, which again following in Luigi's which again following in Luigi's which again following in Luigi's footsteps. What are you guys doing? footsteps. What are you guys doing? footsteps. What are you guys doing? Luigi went to McDonald's. Tyler's got to Luigi went to McDonald's. Tyler's got to Luigi went to McDonald's. Tyler's got to go to Dairy Queen. Like Gen Z, do you go to Dairy Queen. Like Gen Z, do you go to Dairy Queen. Like Gen Z, do you really need fast food that bad? really need fast food that bad? really need fast food that bad? You just did a shooting. You just did a shooting. You just did a shooting. So, there's a picture of him standing at So, there's a picture of him standing at So, there's a picture of him standing at Dairy Queen, but there is a chance that Dairy Queen, but there is a chance that Dairy Queen, but there is a chance that that picture is AI, in which case DQ uh that picture is AI, in which case DQ uh that picture is AI, in which case DQ uh DQ. DQ. DQ. Okay, these are all just very surface Okay, these are all just very surface Okay, these are all just very surface level, very easy to observe things. level, very easy to observe things. level, very easy to observe things. Here's where it starts to get weird. Here's where it starts to get weird. Here's where it starts to get weird. There is engravings on the bullets, There is engravings on the bullets, There is engravings on the bullets, which again, is Luigi our guy now? Like, which again, is Luigi our guy now? Like, which again, is Luigi our guy now? Like, are we just are we doing everything like are we just are we doing everything like are we just are we doing everything like Luigi? If I ever had bullets, if I ever Luigi? If I ever had bullets, if I ever Luigi? If I ever had bullets, if I ever engraved bullets, it would be like engraved bullets, it would be like engraved bullets, it would be like things about me like I'm late to things. things about me like I'm late to things. things about me like I'm late to things. So, like delay uh delay, defer decimals. So, like delay uh delay, defer decimals. So, like delay uh delay, defer decimals. That would be mine. There was engravings on the bullets. There was engravings on the bullets. There was engravings on the bullets. They were weird. Okay. But Tyler also, They were weird. Okay. But Tyler also, They were weird. Okay. But Tyler also, you know, you look at his story. He's you know, you look at his story. He's you know, you look at his story. He's kind of a he's kind of a weird guy, I kind of a he's kind of a weird guy, I kind of a he's kind of a weird guy, I guess you could say. But like one of guess you could say. But like one of guess you could say. But like one of them said, "If you're reading this, you them said, "If you're reading this, you them said, "If you're reading this, you are gay. Looo." Tyler is a 4.0 student. Tyler is a 4.0 student. Tyler is a 4.0 student. Like he literally had a scholarship. I Like he literally had a scholarship. I Like he literally had a scholarship. I don't know. That just sounds like don't know. That just sounds like don't know. That just sounds like something more like that like Cash Patel something more like that like Cash Patel something more like that like Cash Patel would write. You know what I mean? would write. You know what I mean? would write. You know what I mean? Here's where I think the most concrete Here's where I think the most concrete Here's where I think the most concrete evidence that this was completely staged evidence that this was completely staged evidence that this was completely staged than fake comes in. If you watch the than fake comes in. If you watch the than fake comes in. If you watch the video, and I know it's gruesome, the video, and I know it's gruesome, the video, and I know it's gruesome, the video of Charlie Kirk getting shot in video of Charlie Kirk getting shot in video of Charlie Kirk getting shot in the neck. I know it was hard to see. the neck. I know it was hard to see. the neck. I know it was hard to see. Like for me, when I I saw I was like, I Like for me, when I I saw I was like, I Like for me, when I I saw I was like, I can't believe I'm seeing this. I said can't believe I'm seeing this. I said can't believe I'm seeing this. I said that like literally each of the 20 times that like literally each of the 20 times that like literally each of the 20 times that I watched it back to back. It was a that I watched it back to back. It was a that I watched it back to back. It was a lot. lot. lot. But there are a lot of videos now, both But there are a lot of videos now, both But there are a lot of videos now, both on the left, on the right, people from on the left, on the right, people from on the left, on the right, people from all over the spectrum who are analyzing all over the spectrum who are analyzing all over the spectrum who are analyzing this video. And they have a very good this video. And they have a very good this video. And they have a very good point. When you watch it in slow-mo, it point. When you watch it in slow-mo, it point. When you watch it in slow-mo, it does not look like the bullet is does not look like the bullet is does not look like the bullet is entering through here. It looks like it entering through here. It looks like it entering through here. It looks like it is exiting. In fact, when you see it is exiting. In fact, when you see it is exiting. In fact, when you see it very closely, you see some frames of very closely, you see some frames of very closely, you see some frames of something behind his neck and then you something behind his neck and then you something behind his neck and then you see Okay. Now, I've never been shot in see Okay. Now, I've never been shot in see Okay. Now, I've never been shot in the neck, so maybe maybe it could go the neck, so maybe maybe it could go the neck, so maybe maybe it could go like this first. I don't but I don't like this first. I don't but I don't like this first. I don't but I don't think so. It looks like it's leaving his think so. It looks like it's leaving his think so. It looks like it's leaving his neck and he kind of hunches forward, neck and he kind of hunches forward, neck and he kind of hunches forward, too, which what you would do if you got too, which what you would do if you got too, which what you would do if you got shot in the back. And and also like that shot in the back. And and also like that shot in the back. And and also like that he does something with his hands. They he does something with his hands. They he does something with his hands. They say it's like a neurological thing you say it's like a neurological thing you say it's like a neurological thing you do when you're when you're hit directly do when you're when you're hit directly do when you're when you're hit directly in the spine. He does that right away. in the spine. He does that right away. in the spine. He does that right away. So, you would think it hits him there So, you would think it hits him there So, you would think it hits him there and then it comes out the neck. You and then it comes out the neck. You and then it comes out the neck. You literally see it coming out. When this literally see it coming out. When this literally see it coming out. When this shooting first happened, a bunch of shooting first happened, a bunch of shooting first happened, a bunch of people came out like, "Yo, this had to people came out like, "Yo, this had to people came out like, "Yo, this had to be a professional job cuz he did it from be a professional job cuz he did it from be a professional job cuz he did it from 200 yards." But then a lot of like 200 yards." But then a lot of like 200 yards." But then a lot of like hunters came out and be like, "Nah, I hunters came out and be like, "Nah, I hunters came out and be like, "Nah, I can do that." So, I'm like, "Fair enough. I'm not I So, I'm like, "Fair enough. I'm not I So, I'm like, "Fair enough. I'm not I don't spend a lot of time at the range." don't spend a lot of time at the range." don't spend a lot of time at the range." Okay. I'm kind of scared now, though. Okay. I'm kind of scared now, though. Okay. I'm kind of scared now, though. Fortunately, most of my shows don't have Fortunately, most of my shows don't have Fortunately, most of my shows don't have 200 yards worth, but uh you know, we're 200 yards worth, but uh you know, we're 200 yards worth, but uh you know, we're good. But now all of the gun experts are good. But now all of the gun experts are good. But now all of the gun experts are coming out and saying a 30 odd six will coming out and saying a 30 odd six will coming out and saying a 30 odd six will shoot through bricks. shoot through bricks. shoot through bricks. >> Oh, really? >> Oh, really? >> Oh, really? >> And and they've actually posted videos >> And and they've actually posted videos >> And and they've actually posted videos showing the 30 odd shooting through like showing the 30 odd shooting through like showing the 30 odd shooting through like three bricks. But apparently the three bricks. But apparently the three bricks. But apparently the autopsy, which at first they said they autopsy, which at first they said they autopsy, which at first they said they didn't do, and then two weeks later they didn't do, and then two weeks later they didn't do, and then two weeks later they said they did, claims that the bullet said they did, claims that the bullet said they did, claims that the bullet went into Charlie's neck and his bones went into Charlie's neck and his bones went into Charlie's neck and his bones were so strong because his his mom did were so strong because his his mom did were so strong because his his mom did not take Tylenol. She she just drank straight milk. She she just drank straight milk. She she just drank straight milk. Straight antibiotic rich milk. And his Straight antibiotic rich milk. And his Straight antibiotic rich milk. And his bones were so strong the bullet was bones were so strong the bullet was bones were so strong the bullet was stopped. A 30 odd the bullet shot by a stopped. A 30 odd the bullet shot by a stopped. A 30 odd the bullet shot by a 30 odd six which usually goes through 30 odd six which usually goes through 30 odd six which usually goes through cement was stopped by Charlie Kirk's cement was stopped by Charlie Kirk's cement was stopped by Charlie Kirk's bone. And they said he's the man of bone. And they said he's the man of bone. And they said he's the man of steel. They said he's the man of steel steel. They said he's the man of steel steel. They said he's the man of steel which more like the man of stop the which more like the man of stop the which more like the man of stop the steel if you remember the 2020 but but steel if you remember the 2020 but but steel if you remember the 2020 but but the bullet was literally stopped by the the bullet was literally stopped by the the bullet was literally stopped by the steel. Stop. Buy this deal. steel. Stop. Buy this deal. steel. Stop. Buy this deal. Now, this is utterly preposterous. If Now, this is utterly preposterous. If Now, this is utterly preposterous. If one thing has come from this whole one thing has come from this whole one thing has come from this whole Charlie Kirk thing, I realize I don't Charlie Kirk thing, I realize I don't Charlie Kirk thing, I realize I don't believe in miracles anymore. The word believe in miracles anymore. The word believe in miracles anymore. The word miracle means nothing to me. The word miracle means nothing to me. The word miracle means nothing to me. The word coincidence. No. Like, you know what? coincidence. No. Like, you know what? coincidence. No. Like, you know what? You're allowed one miracle a decade that You're allowed one miracle a decade that You're allowed one miracle a decade that I believe. Okay? And you've already used I believe. Okay? And you've already used I believe. Okay? And you've already used it. Biden stayed alive for his whole it. Biden stayed alive for his whole it. Biden stayed alive for his whole term. I am done with miracles. term. I am done with miracles. term. I am done with miracles. Okay? Okay? Okay? You're telling me that this miraculous You're telling me that this miraculous You're telling me that this miraculous bullet, it came in from the roof over bullet, it came in from the roof over bullet, it came in from the roof over there and hit hit it went in, made it there and hit hit it went in, made it there and hit hit it went in, made it look like it was leaving, look like it was leaving, look like it was leaving, went inside of him, and then was and and went inside of him, and then was and and went inside of him, and then was and and it probably on the way on the way it it probably on the way on the way it it probably on the way on the way it like hit JFK, came back through, it like like hit JFK, came back through, it like like hit JFK, came back through, it like time warped into the 60s, came back time warped into the 60s, came back time warped into the 60s, came back around, and then punctures Charlie around, and then punctures Charlie around, and then punctures Charlie Kirk's neck. It hits his bone and it's Kirk's neck. It hits his bone and it's Kirk's neck. It hits his bone and it's like, I'm done. When when every YouTube like, I'm done. When when every YouTube like, I'm done. When when every YouTube video using a 30 odd six from any range video using a 30 odd six from any range video using a 30 odd six from any range shows it shooting through cement, but shows it shooting through cement, but shows it shooting through cement, but you're telling me this magic bullet. you're telling me this magic bullet. you're telling me this magic bullet. Okay, it goes through. It goes through Okay, it goes through. It goes through Okay, it goes through. It goes through and you could argue, you know, Sammy, and you could argue, you know, Sammy, and you could argue, you know, Sammy, it's all an illusion. What happened was it's all an illusion. What happened was it's all an illusion. What happened was the bullet goes in and then it ricochets the bullet goes in and then it ricochets the bullet goes in and then it ricochets off and then turns around and comes back off and then turns around and comes back off and then turns around and comes back out. out. out. You can argue that to me. You can make You can argue that to me. You can make You can argue that to me. You can make that argument cuz things do happen that argument cuz things do happen that argument cuz things do happen really fast. But in that case, you're really fast. But in that case, you're really fast. But in that case, you're telling me this bullet goes inside and telling me this bullet goes inside and telling me this bullet goes inside and it goes in and it it does a it's like it goes in and it it does a it's like it goes in and it it does a it's like no, I'm gonna turn around. It does a no, I'm gonna turn around. It does a no, I'm gonna turn around. It does a complete 180 and then just goes the complete 180 and then just goes the complete 180 and then just goes the opposite direction. And that would opposite direction. And that would opposite direction. And that would literally make the bullet a turning literally make the bullet a turning literally make the bullet a turning point. Um, okay. okay. okay. USA, USA, USA. Okay. I actually wrote that joke. the Okay. I actually wrote that joke. the Okay. I actually wrote that joke. the first day, but I didn't want to tell it first day, but I didn't want to tell it first day, but I didn't want to tell it till this week. I even told it to my till this week. I even told it to my till this week. I even told it to my comedian friend. I was like, "Bro, comedian friend. I was like, "Bro, comedian friend. I was like, "Bro, that's brutal." Like, nobody's that's brutal." Like, nobody's that's brutal." Like, nobody's once you look at that video, you'll see once you look at that video, you'll see once you look at that video, you'll see like what the is going on because like what the is going on because like what the is going on because you see the bullet coming from back you see the bullet coming from back you see the bullet coming from back here. Meaning that allegedly Tyler was here. Meaning that allegedly Tyler was here. Meaning that allegedly Tyler was on the roof over here, but like people on the roof over here, but like people on the roof over here, but like people who've looked at some, they see some who've looked at some, they see some who've looked at some, they see some weird blurs that are going on up there. weird blurs that are going on up there. weird blurs that are going on up there. They don't know what they are. I'm not They don't know what they are. I'm not They don't know what they are. I'm not going to say exactly what shot Charlie going to say exactly what shot Charlie going to say exactly what shot Charlie Kirk. I'm not going to drone on about Kirk. I'm not going to drone on about Kirk. I'm not going to drone on about it, but I'm just saying look look at the slow-mo I'm just saying look look at the slow-mo I'm just saying look look at the slow-mo replay we play of those videos. You see replay we play of those videos. You see replay we play of those videos. You see something very dron like. Okay. And you something very dron like. Okay. And you something very dron like. Okay. And you also see like a mysterious aircraft also see like a mysterious aircraft also see like a mysterious aircraft flying away really quickly that could be flying away really quickly that could be flying away really quickly that could be like the mother ship like the mother ship like the mother ship for that drone. Um for that drone. Um for that drone. Um crazy little fact here too. You know, crazy little fact here too. You know, crazy little fact here too. You know, this was at a this was at an event uh in this was at a this was at an event uh in this was at a this was at an event uh in Utah where the base was mostly Utah where the base was mostly Utah where the base was mostly conservative because they were there to conservative because they were there to conservative because they were there to seek Charlie Kirk and support him and seek Charlie Kirk and support him and seek Charlie Kirk and support him and then there was obviously a lot of then there was obviously a lot of then there was obviously a lot of liberals there who who wanted to debate liberals there who who wanted to debate liberals there who who wanted to debate him and then there was people protesting him and then there was people protesting him and then there was people protesting the event and they say a lot of them the event and they say a lot of them the event and they say a lot of them were on the rooftops in the distance and were on the rooftops in the distance and were on the rooftops in the distance and they were holding up pride flags and you they were holding up pride flags and you they were holding up pride flags and you can only imagine that if Charlie Kirk can only imagine that if Charlie Kirk can only imagine that if Charlie Kirk was shot and he looks up at who did it was shot and he looks up at who did it was shot and he looks up at who did it and the last thing he sees It's a rainbow of pride flag. It's up. But it's obviously a It's up. But it's obviously a It's up. But it's obviously a joke cuz in order for that to happen, joke cuz in order for that to happen, joke cuz in order for that to happen, he'd have to think the shooter came from he'd have to think the shooter came from he'd have to think the shooter came from Tyler and we know he wasn't. So, you can Tyler and we know he wasn't. So, you can Tyler and we know he wasn't. So, you can relax. That's not an insensitive joke. relax. That's not an insensitive joke. relax. That's not an insensitive joke. Just a hypothetical scenario. Just a hypothetical scenario. Just a hypothetical scenario. Watch the slow-mo replay and you'll know Watch the slow-mo replay and you'll know Watch the slow-mo replay and you'll know the government's lie. Okay. If that's the government's lie. Okay. If that's the government's lie. Okay. If that's not enough, okay, if if this is the not enough, okay, if if this is the not enough, okay, if if this is the case, if Tyler did not shoot Charlie case, if Tyler did not shoot Charlie case, if Tyler did not shoot Charlie Kirk, okay, then somebody else did Kirk, okay, then somebody else did Kirk, okay, then somebody else did making Tyler a positioned fall guy. And making Tyler a positioned fall guy. And making Tyler a positioned fall guy. And you're like, but why would they go you're like, but why would they go you're like, but why would they go through all this effort to place a fall through all this effort to place a fall through all this effort to place a fall guy? Well, we already have confirmed guy? Well, we already have confirmed guy? Well, we already have confirmed there's already been two fall guys on there's already been two fall guys on there's already been two fall guys on the scene at that event. I don't know if the scene at that event. I don't know if the scene at that event. I don't know if you saw after Charlie Kirk is shot, the you saw after Charlie Kirk is shot, the you saw after Charlie Kirk is shot, the very first thing that happens is an old very first thing that happens is an old very first thing that happens is an old guy gets up and he's like, "It was me. guy gets up and he's like, "It was me. guy gets up and he's like, "It was me. It was me. Shoot me. Shoot me. It was It was me. Shoot me. Shoot me. It was It was me. Shoot me. Shoot me. It was me. It was me. That's weird. me. It was me. That's weird. me. It was me. That's weird. You don't normally get that at You don't normally get that at You don't normally get that at shootings. shootings. shootings. This guy was very ready for that to This guy was very ready for that to This guy was very ready for that to happen. happen. happen. And uh so obviously they go for him, And uh so obviously they go for him, And uh so obviously they go for him, they grab him, they take him, they they grab him, they take him, they they grab him, they take him, they interrogate him, spend like a couple interrogate him, spend like a couple interrogate him, spend like a couple hours doing it, and just to find like, hours doing it, and just to find like, hours doing it, and just to find like, yeah, it's definitely not him. He even yeah, it's definitely not him. He even yeah, it's definitely not him. He even told the police. He's like, I did that told the police. He's like, I did that told the police. He's like, I did that to let the killer get away. He even told to let the killer get away. He even told to let the killer get away. He even told them that. That's how crazy this guy is. them that. That's how crazy this guy is. them that. That's how crazy this guy is. Okay, now it would be one weird thing if Okay, now it would be one weird thing if Okay, now it would be one weird thing if this was just a regular crazy guy who this was just a regular crazy guy who this was just a regular crazy guy who did the wrong thing at the wrong time. did the wrong thing at the wrong time. did the wrong thing at the wrong time. But it turns out this guy is a real But it turns out this guy is a real But it turns out this guy is a real person. His name is George Zinn. You can person. His name is George Zinn. You can person. His name is George Zinn. You can search him. And guess what? He was search him. And guess what? He was search him. And guess what? He was present at 9/11. present at 9/11. present at 9/11. He was there in New York City at 9/11. He was there in New York City at 9/11. He was there in New York City at 9/11. Guess what? He was also at the Boston Guess what? He was also at the Boston Guess what? He was also at the Boston Marathon bombing. I am not making this Marathon bombing. I am not making this Marathon bombing. I am not making this up. Google George Zinn. This guy up. Google George Zinn. This guy up. Google George Zinn. This guy apparently is the career fall guy. apparently is the career fall guy. apparently is the career fall guy. I don't know what it pays. $50 an event. I don't know what it pays. $50 an event. I don't know what it pays. $50 an event. I don't know what it is, but he's out I don't know what it is, but he's out I don't know what it is, but he's out there working. He's pathying left and there working. He's pathying left and there working. He's pathying left and right. It's a crazy list. It's like right. It's a crazy list. It's like right. It's a crazy list. It's like 9/11, Boston Marathon bombing, cold 9/11, Boston Marathon bombing, cold 9/11, Boston Marathon bombing, cold plate, kiss camp. Maybe not that one, plate, kiss camp. Maybe not that one, plate, kiss camp. Maybe not that one, but there's so many weird coincidences but there's so many weird coincidences but there's so many weird coincidences with this guy. George Zen, who um you with this guy. George Zen, who um you with this guy. George Zen, who um you would think would be someone to would think would be someone to would think would be someone to interrogate at this point, be like, "Why interrogate at this point, be like, "Why interrogate at this point, be like, "Why the were you at 911? Why the were you at the were you at 911? Why the were you at the were you at 911? Why the were you at the Boston Marathon bobbing? Why were the Boston Marathon bobbing? Why were the Boston Marathon bobbing? Why were you at my bar mitzvah last week? You you at my bar mitzvah last week? You you at my bar mitzvah last week? You know what? All these weird occurrences, know what? All these weird occurrences, know what? All these weird occurrences, but you can't interview him. Why? but you can't interview him. Why? but you can't interview him. Why? Because he's now been busted for child Because he's now been busted for child Because he's now been busted for child porn. Yeah. So, so, so with all this porn. Yeah. So, so, so with all this porn. Yeah. So, so, so with all this going on, they then were like, "Let's go going on, they then were like, "Let's go going on, they then were like, "Let's go on his laptop. Oh, here's child porn." on his laptop. Oh, here's child porn." on his laptop. Oh, here's child porn." And then they uh they had to arrest him And then they uh they had to arrest him And then they uh they had to arrest him and now nobody can interview him. Uh and now nobody can interview him. Uh and now nobody can interview him. Uh yeah. And and this well, at least this yeah. And and this well, at least this yeah. And and this well, at least this is according to Cash Patel, who we is according to Cash Patel, who we is according to Cash Patel, who we should we should trust. And also should we should trust. And also should we should trust. And also according to Cash Mattel, uh this child according to Cash Mattel, uh this child according to Cash Mattel, uh this child porn was not trafficked directly from porn was not trafficked directly from porn was not trafficked directly from Jeffrey Epstein. He was actually keeping Jeffrey Epstein. He was actually keeping Jeffrey Epstein. He was actually keeping it all to himself. Um it all to himself. Um it all to himself. Um and after they waste their time on him, and after they waste their time on him, and after they waste their time on him, they then find another guy who happened they then find another guy who happened they then find another guy who happened to be dressed identically as Tyler. And to be dressed identically as Tyler. And to be dressed identically as Tyler. And then they wasted a more few hours on then they wasted a more few hours on then they wasted a more few hours on that guy. And it was just such a that guy. And it was just such a that guy. And it was just such a coincidence this guy dressed looked just coincidence this guy dressed looked just coincidence this guy dressed looked just like Tyler the shooter um on the same like Tyler the shooter um on the same like Tyler the shooter um on the same day that Tyler the shooter did a day that Tyler the shooter did a day that Tyler the shooter did a shooting. Uh sounds like a riddle, shooting. Uh sounds like a riddle, shooting. Uh sounds like a riddle, right? right? right? Um, so there was already two for Um, so there was already two for Um, so there was already two for surefall guys. So why would Tyler not be surefall guys. So why would Tyler not be surefall guys. So why would Tyler not be the obvious third? You know, another the obvious third? You know, another the obvious third? You know, another thing was if you look at the videos of thing was if you look at the videos of thing was if you look at the videos of Charlie in his last moments, there's men Charlie in his last moments, there's men Charlie in his last moments, there's men behind him doing very weird behind him doing very weird behind him doing very weird >> hand signals. They're going like either they're like the world's worst either they're like the world's worst either they're like the world's worst ASL interpreters >> or they're potentially signaling like >> or they're potentially signaling like >> or they're potentially signaling like it's time to do it. Some people actually it's time to do it. Some people actually it's time to do it. Some people actually interpreted the exact hand gestures and interpreted the exact hand gestures and interpreted the exact hand gestures and were like, "This means it's time clear." were like, "This means it's time clear." were like, "This means it's time clear." And then some were saying like, "Why And then some were saying like, "Why And then some were saying like, "Why would they even need to do that? They would they even need to do that? They would they even need to do that? They already had a clear shot." Um, and it's already had a clear shot." Um, and it's already had a clear shot." Um, and it's like, "What do you know?" You know what like, "What do you know?" You know what like, "What do you know?" You know what I mean? Right. So, all of these things are very Right. So, all of these things are very Right. So, all of these things are very weird. Okay. And honestly, I after weird. Okay. And honestly, I after weird. Okay. And honestly, I after seeing all these things, I still as a seeing all these things, I still as a seeing all these things, I still as a good person, as a naive wanting to trust good person, as a naive wanting to trust good person, as a naive wanting to trust Uncle Sam, Uncle Sam, Uncle Sam, still believe, okay, there's a potential still believe, okay, there's a potential still believe, okay, there's a potential that this is all true. It actually is, that this is all true. It actually is, that this is all true. It actually is, Tyler. It's just a very, very weird Tyler. It's just a very, very weird Tyler. It's just a very, very weird situation. situation. situation. Maybe the bullet ricocheted off the Maybe the bullet ricocheted off the Maybe the bullet ricocheted off the building and then went, I don't know. I building and then went, I don't know. I building and then went, I don't know. I don't know. Maybe, maybe that's what don't know. Maybe, maybe that's what don't know. Maybe, maybe that's what happened. Um, and so I was like, I'm happened. Um, and so I was like, I'm happened. Um, and so I was like, I'm willing to accept the government story willing to accept the government story willing to accept the government story that this was uh Tyler. And then they that this was uh Tyler. And then they that this was uh Tyler. And then they released the text messages and I was like, "Why are you doing this and I was like, "Why are you doing this and I was like, "Why are you doing this to us? Why are you doing this to to us? Why are you doing this to to us? Why are you doing this to yourselves?" yourselves?" yourselves?" Those text messages were the It was the Those text messages were the It was the Those text messages were the It was the most insane. I had to I I was like, "Am most insane. I had to I I was like, "Am most insane. I had to I I was like, "Am I tweaking right now? Am I on I tweaking right now? Am I on I tweaking right now? Am I on methamphetamines right now? Or do the methamphetamines right now? Or do the methamphetamines right now? Or do the government really release these this government really release these this government really release these this text message conversation with the text message conversation with the text message conversation with the intent for us to believe it?" And if you intent for us to believe it?" And if you intent for us to believe it?" And if you haven't seen it yet, do it on your own haven't seen it yet, do it on your own haven't seen it yet, do it on your own time. God, it's not worth mine. I time. God, it's not worth mine. I time. God, it's not worth mine. I already put a whole YouTube video where already put a whole YouTube video where already put a whole YouTube video where I read them out loud to the crowd. It is I read them out loud to the crowd. It is I read them out loud to the crowd. It is they're insane. First of all, it's all they're insane. First of all, it's all they're insane. First of all, it's all in complete sentences. Jenzi does not in complete sentences. Jenzi does not in complete sentences. Jenzi does not talk in complete sentences. talk in complete sentences. talk in complete sentences. In it, Tyler says things like, "My love In it, Tyler says things like, "My love In it, Tyler says things like, "My love and my vehicle." Okay, Jenz says, "My and my vehicle." Okay, Jenz says, "My and my vehicle." Okay, Jenz says, "My whip." Everybody knows that. And it was so crazy and fake that it And it was so crazy and fake that it And it was so crazy and fake that it does make you think, okay, this is such does make you think, okay, this is such does make you think, okay, this is such a wild conversation that maybe this is a wild conversation that maybe this is a wild conversation that maybe this is how people speak in Utah. how people speak in Utah. how people speak in Utah. And maybe it's so fake that it's real. And maybe it's so fake that it's real. And maybe it's so fake that it's real. The government released it. Cuz why The government released it. Cuz why The government released it. Cuz why would they release something so would they release something so would they release something so glaringly fake unless it was like, "Yo, glaringly fake unless it was like, "Yo, glaringly fake unless it was like, "Yo, bro, this is real." bro, this is real." bro, this is real." In which case, my conclusion is whether In which case, my conclusion is whether In which case, my conclusion is whether it's fake or not, which I definitely it's fake or not, which I definitely it's fake or not, which I definitely think it's fake. Whether it's fake or think it's fake. Whether it's fake or think it's fake. Whether it's fake or not, the government did not read these not, the government did not read these not, the government did not read these texts before releasing them because any texts before releasing them because any texts before releasing them because any government in their right mind would government in their right mind would government in their right mind would read these like there's no way people read these like there's no way people read these like there's no way people are going to believe this, dude. We are going to believe this, dude. We are going to believe this, dude. We should just keep these to ourselves and should just keep these to ourselves and should just keep these to ourselves and paraphrase. paraphrase. paraphrase. But they didn't. They just released it. But they didn't. They just released it. But they didn't. They just released it. They're like, "Yeah, read it and weep." They're like, "Yeah, read it and weep." They're like, "Yeah, read it and weep." And we're like, "You are so dumb, dude." And we're like, "You are so dumb, dude." And we're like, "You are so dumb, dude." And now I think we're at the point where And now I think we're at the point where And now I think we're at the point where it doesn't matter if you're left, if it doesn't matter if you're left, if it doesn't matter if you're left, if you're right, if you love Charlie, you you're right, if you love Charlie, you you're right, if you love Charlie, you hated him. If you believe the hated him. If you believe the hated him. If you believe the conspiracies or if you think it was just conspiracies or if you think it was just conspiracies or if you think it was just regular old Tyler, regular old Tyler, regular old Tyler, what all of America can agree on at this what all of America can agree on at this what all of America can agree on at this point and bring us together, we can all point and bring us together, we can all point and bring us together, we can all agree that Cash Patel is aing idiot. agree that Cash Patel is aing idiot. agree that Cash Patel is aing idiot. Okay, we can all agree this is Okay, we can all agree this is Okay, we can all agree this is unanimous. unanimous. unanimous. This is the one thing we should be This is the one thing we should be This is the one thing we should be united over. united over. united over. Cash Patel might be the biggest in Cash Patel might be the biggest in Cash Patel might be the biggest in the world right now. the world right now. the world right now. Cash Patel, which sounds like a motel Cash Patel, which sounds like a motel Cash Patel, which sounds like a motel chain, is chain, is chain, is he's the head of the FBI. He's Azizari's he's the head of the FBI. He's Azizari's he's the head of the FBI. He's Azizari's jacked autistic cousin. He's been doing such a botch job of He's been doing such a botch job of He's been doing such a botch job of this, not only this, but the Epstein this, not only this, but the Epstein this, not only this, but the Epstein files. Um, and and I'm not saying that files. Um, and and I'm not saying that files. Um, and and I'm not saying that Cash Patel is the dumbest person in the Cash Patel is the dumbest person in the Cash Patel is the dumbest person in the world. Clearly, he knows how to put on a world. Clearly, he knows how to put on a world. Clearly, he knows how to put on a suit. You know, he knows how to use big suit. You know, he knows how to use big suit. You know, he knows how to use big words like Valhalla. words like Valhalla. words like Valhalla. Okay? So, I'm not saying he's the Okay? So, I'm not saying he's the Okay? So, I'm not saying he's the dumbest person in the world, but I can dumbest person in the world, but I can dumbest person in the world, but I can say conclusively he's the dumbest Indian say conclusively he's the dumbest Indian say conclusively he's the dumbest Indian person in the world. person in the world. person in the world. This confirm I can say this. I'm from This confirm I can say this. I'm from This confirm I can say this. I'm from Fremont, California. I know Indian Fremont, California. I know Indian Fremont, California. I know Indian people and people and people and and and if that's racist, I'lling take and and if that's racist, I'lling take and and if that's racist, I'lling take it. But I don't think there's one Indian it. But I don't think there's one Indian it. But I don't think there's one Indian person in here who's going to be like, person in here who's going to be like, person in here who's going to be like, "Yeah, he's ours. "Yeah, he's ours. "Yeah, he's ours. If I pose this on YouTube, everybody's If I pose this on YouTube, everybody's If I pose this on YouTube, everybody's going and every Indian person is going going and every Indian person is going going and every Indian person is going to be like, "We don't claim him." That's to be like, "We don't claim him." That's to be like, "We don't claim him." That's going to be the main comment. Okay. In going to be the main comment. Okay. In going to be the main comment. Okay. In Caspel's defense, I do truly believe Caspel's defense, I do truly believe Caspel's defense, I do truly believe that he does not think that these are that he does not think that these are that he does not think that these are lies. He's just being given the lies. He's just being given the lies. He's just being given the information and he really believes it. information and he really believes it. information and he really believes it. It's really like just trying to watch It's really like just trying to watch It's really like just trying to watch like a 2-year-old child solve a murder, like a 2-year-old child solve a murder, like a 2-year-old child solve a murder, you know? It's like that's what I would you know? It's like that's what I would you know? It's like that's what I would think if it was if I was at that level think if it was if I was at that level think if it was if I was at that level of intelligence. of intelligence. of intelligence. Let me tell you, I do believe that Tyler Let me tell you, I do believe that Tyler Let me tell you, I do believe that Tyler was there. I do believe that he was was there. I do believe that he was was there. I do believe that he was there. And I do believe that in some there. And I do believe that in some there. And I do believe that in some shape or form, he either knew he was shape or form, he either knew he was shape or form, he either knew he was going to be the fall guy or he thought going to be the fall guy or he thought going to be the fall guy or he thought he was trained to think that he actually he was trained to think that he actually he was trained to think that he actually was the one who was going to take the was the one who was going to take the was the one who was going to take the shot. So, I I I I don't know exactly who shot. So, I I I I don't know exactly who shot. So, I I I I don't know exactly who all did this with him, but let's just all did this with him, but let's just all did this with him, but let's just say it was Tyler and all of his say it was Tyler and all of his say it was Tyler and all of his accompllices, if you will. T Tyler and accompllices, if you will. T Tyler and accompllices, if you will. T Tyler and all if you want Tyl Tyler and all all if you want Tyl Tyler and all all if you want Tyl Tyler and all Tylerol Tylerol Tylerol Tylerol Tylerol Tylerol Tylenol Tylenol Tylenol Tylenol I think I might be autistic at this I think I might be autistic at this I think I might be autistic at this point. I actually think this whole case point. I actually think this whole case point. I actually think this whole case is making me autistic. So the question is if it wasn't Tyler So the question is if it wasn't Tyler So the question is if it wasn't Tyler who masterminded this if you are a gay who masterminded this if you are a gay who masterminded this if you are a gay operation operation operation then who was it? Well, we can at least then who was it? Well, we can at least then who was it? Well, we can at least acknowledge that Netanyahu tweeted a acknowledge that Netanyahu tweeted a acknowledge that Netanyahu tweeted a little bit too quickly. When Charlie Kirk passed, When Charlie Kirk passed, When Charlie Kirk passed, it was really weird. He he t he tagged it was really weird. He he t he tagged it was really weird. He he t he tagged he said praying for Charlie Kirk. He he said praying for Charlie Kirk. He he said praying for Charlie Kirk. He tagged Charlie Kirk for some reason. tagged Charlie Kirk for some reason. tagged Charlie Kirk for some reason. That was really weird. As if he knew That was really weird. As if he knew That was really weird. As if he knew Charlie Kirk was going to see it. Which, Charlie Kirk was going to see it. Which, Charlie Kirk was going to see it. Which, you know, there are conspiracies that you know, there are conspiracies that you know, there are conspiracies that Charlie Kirk is still alive. That's the Charlie Kirk is still alive. That's the Charlie Kirk is still alive. That's the main one is that Netanyahu tagged him. main one is that Netanyahu tagged him. main one is that Netanyahu tagged him. He's like, "Bro, huh? Get it?" Yeah. You He's like, "Bro, huh? Get it?" Yeah. You He's like, "Bro, huh? Get it?" Yeah. You see that? Charlie's like, "Shut the see that? Charlie's like, "Shut the see that? Charlie's like, "Shut the up, man." It was weird. And then up, man." It was weird. And then up, man." It was weird. And then obviously, you know, a lot of people saw obviously, you know, a lot of people saw obviously, you know, a lot of people saw that and they're like, "Oh, it was that and they're like, "Oh, it was that and they're like, "Oh, it was Netanyahu. It was Israel." And so Netanyahu. It was Israel." And so Netanyahu. It was Israel." And so Netanyahu made not one but two videos. Netanyahu made not one but two videos. Netanyahu made not one but two videos. He's like, "Now guys, He's like, "Now guys, He's like, "Now guys, Israel did not kill Charlie Kerb. This Israel did not kill Charlie Kerb. This Israel did not kill Charlie Kerb. This is anti-Semitic." is anti-Semitic." is anti-Semitic." They were like, "So shocking that you They were like, "So shocking that you They were like, "So shocking that you would say that." So that's obviously would say that." So that's obviously would say that." So that's obviously very suspicious. I mean, but it's not very suspicious. I mean, but it's not very suspicious. I mean, but it's not crazy given the fact that Charlie Kirk crazy given the fact that Charlie Kirk crazy given the fact that Charlie Kirk was certainly a mouthpiece for Israel was certainly a mouthpiece for Israel was certainly a mouthpiece for Israel his entire career. And in the last year, his entire career. And in the last year, his entire career. And in the last year, he was slowly changing course. He was he was slowly changing course. He was he was slowly changing course. He was becoming more like uh Tucker Carlson, becoming more like uh Tucker Carlson, becoming more like uh Tucker Carlson, who, you know, uh I don't give a what who, you know, uh I don't give a what who, you know, uh I don't give a what you say. I'm in love with him. Okay? I you say. I'm in love with him. Okay? I you say. I'm in love with him. Okay? I don't give a what you say. Do not don't give a what you say. Do not don't give a what you say. Do not show me old videos of things he said in show me old videos of things he said in show me old videos of things he said in the past. He's doing God's work right the past. He's doing God's work right the past. He's doing God's work right now and I'm in love with him and I don't now and I'm in love with him and I don't now and I'm in love with him and I don't want you to ruin it for me. I love want you to ruin it for me. I love want you to ruin it for me. I love Tucker Carlson. When he laughs, I come. Tucker Carlson. When he laughs, I come. Tucker Carlson. When he laughs, I come. I love this man. I love him. And I love Candace Owens. I love him. And I love Candace Owens. I love him. And I love Candace Owens. And there's nothing you can do to change And there's nothing you can do to change And there's nothing you can do to change that. Okay? Don't push me away before I that. Okay? Don't push me away before I that. Okay? Don't push me away before I start having those feelings for Marjorie start having those feelings for Marjorie start having those feelings for Marjorie Taylor Green. Okay? Don't don't make me Taylor Green. Okay? Don't don't make me Taylor Green. Okay? Don't don't make me go that far. go that far. go that far. It's crazy time though, dude. Tucker It's crazy time though, dude. Tucker It's crazy time though, dude. Tucker Carlson, Can Marjorie Taylor Green, Kim Carlson, Can Marjorie Taylor Green, Kim Carlson, Can Marjorie Taylor Green, Kim Jong-un. >> I know. >> I know. >> I know. Um, Um, Um, so, so yeah, it's a weird time, but but so, so yeah, it's a weird time, but but so, so yeah, it's a weird time, but but yes, Charlie Kirk was slowly turning on yes, Charlie Kirk was slowly turning on yes, Charlie Kirk was slowly turning on Israel. So, it's it's not insane. Okay, Israel. So, it's it's not insane. Okay, Israel. So, it's it's not insane. Okay, now here's the thing. Okay. Uh, now here's the thing. Okay. Uh, now here's the thing. Okay. Uh, obviously I don't think it's fair to obviously I don't think it's fair to obviously I don't think it's fair to allege someone uh kill someone if they allege someone uh kill someone if they allege someone uh kill someone if they didn't, but in the case of Israel, didn't, but in the case of Israel, didn't, but in the case of Israel, even if they didn't kill Charlie Kirk, even if they didn't kill Charlie Kirk, even if they didn't kill Charlie Kirk, they still deserve the allegation they still deserve the allegation they still deserve the allegation anyway. anyway. anyway. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Like, first of all, the way he spoke Like, first of all, the way he spoke Like, first of all, the way he spoke about you killed his reputation with me, about you killed his reputation with me, about you killed his reputation with me, you know what I mean? And also like like you know what I mean? And also like like you know what I mean? And also like like Israel, you've killed so many people Israel, you've killed so many people Israel, you've killed so many people without getting properly punished for without getting properly punished for without getting properly punished for it. You deserve an extra allegation. it. You deserve an extra allegation. it. You deserve an extra allegation. >> Soing what? You get off the hook for >> Soing what? You get off the hook for >> Soing what? You get off the hook for literally thousands of people and then literally thousands of people and then literally thousands of people and then you get one blame for someone you didn't you get one blame for someone you didn't you get one blame for someone you didn't do. I'll take it. And for the record, I actually don't And for the record, I actually don't And for the record, I actually don't believe that Israel as a full entity believe that Israel as a full entity believe that Israel as a full entity conspired to kill Charlie Kirk. I don't conspired to kill Charlie Kirk. I don't conspired to kill Charlie Kirk. I don't believe that. I believe they were believe that. I believe they were believe that. I believe they were definitely in on it somehow, definitely in on it somehow, definitely in on it somehow, but I don't believe that it was like all but I don't believe that it was like all but I don't believe that it was like all of Israel was like, "Let's get this of Israel was like, "Let's get this of Israel was like, "Let's get this guy." I think it was a group of people guy." I think it was a group of people guy." I think it was a group of people who are somehow affiliated in some shape who are somehow affiliated in some shape who are somehow affiliated in some shape or form, but I for legal reasons I have or form, but I for legal reasons I have or form, but I for legal reasons I have to be like, "Okay, Israel did not kill to be like, "Okay, Israel did not kill to be like, "Okay, Israel did not kill Charlie Kirk. I'm a comedian. I'm Charlie Kirk. I'm a comedian. I'm Charlie Kirk. I'm a comedian. I'm joking. I don't think that they have joking. I don't think that they have joking. I don't think that they have time for an assassination. They're too time for an assassination. They're too time for an assassination. They're too busy with a genocide. busy with a genocide. busy with a genocide. Ask the UN." Ask the UN." Ask the UN." Okay. Okay. Okay. And so, no, I'm not going to accuse them And so, no, I'm not going to accuse them And so, no, I'm not going to accuse them of this or any political assassination. of this or any political assassination. of this or any political assassination. I'm a comedian. I'm justing kidding. I'm a comedian. I'm justing kidding. I'm a comedian. I'm justing kidding. Okay. And I have to say in that one Okay. And I have to say in that one Okay. And I have to say in that one because I'm justing kidding. That's JFK. because I'm justing kidding. That's JFK. because I'm justing kidding. That's JFK. Um, thought I heard a drone. Sorry. Um, thought I heard a drone. Sorry. Um, thought I heard a drone. Sorry. Um, so anyways, there obviously that that so anyways, there obviously that that so anyways, there obviously that that that's that's suspicious. Now I don't I that's that's suspicious. Now I don't I that's that's suspicious. Now I don't I bet again I don't think I don't think it bet again I don't think I don't think it bet again I don't think I don't think it was Israel. I don't I don't even really was Israel. I don't I don't even really was Israel. I don't I don't even really think it was BB Netanyahu. The first think it was BB Netanyahu. The first think it was BB Netanyahu. The first suspect in my understanding is Bill suspect in my understanding is Bill suspect in my understanding is Bill Aman. Aman. Aman. I don't know if you know who Bill Aman I don't know if you know who Bill Aman I don't know if you know who Bill Aman is, but Zoran talks about him a lot. So, is, but Zoran talks about him a lot. So, is, but Zoran talks about him a lot. So, you know, he's not great. Okay. Uh, Bill you know, he's not great. Okay. Uh, Bill you know, he's not great. Okay. Uh, Bill Aman is a billionaire in the United Aman is a billionaire in the United Aman is a billionaire in the United States. And I don't know if I need to States. And I don't know if I need to States. And I don't know if I need to like use a like a different name for his like use a like a different name for his like use a like a different name for his name if I'm gonna get like, you know, in name if I'm gonna get like, you know, in name if I'm gonna get like, you know, in trouble for this, but let's just say trouble for this, but let's just say trouble for this, but let's just say William Aman. I don't know. Um, he's a William Aman. I don't know. Um, he's a William Aman. I don't know. Um, he's a billionaire, which already shows that billionaire, which already shows that billionaire, which already shows that he's not a good person. he's not a good person. he's not a good person. >> Right? >> Right? >> Right? If you're a billionaire in this room and If you're a billionaire in this room and If you're a billionaire in this room and you're offended, keep coming to my you're offended, keep coming to my you're offended, keep coming to my shows. You got money. shows. You got money. shows. You got money. >> Here's the reason why I say Bill Aman. >> Here's the reason why I say Bill Aman. >> Here's the reason why I say Bill Aman. Because Bill Aman is a very he's a very Because Bill Aman is a very he's a very Because Bill Aman is a very he's a very pro-Israel guy. He's like giving money pro-Israel guy. He's like giving money pro-Israel guy. He's like giving money to the IDF. He's been he's you know very to the IDF. He's been he's you know very to the IDF. He's been he's you know very heavily involved in Israel's propaganda heavily involved in Israel's propaganda heavily involved in Israel's propaganda campaigns and he knew Charlie Kirk very campaigns and he knew Charlie Kirk very campaigns and he knew Charlie Kirk very well and a lot of people observed that well and a lot of people observed that well and a lot of people observed that Charlie Kirk was turning his words on Charlie Kirk was turning his words on Charlie Kirk was turning his words on Israel in the last year. So they started Israel in the last year. So they started Israel in the last year. So they started trying to reach Neta offered Charlie trying to reach Neta offered Charlie trying to reach Neta offered Charlie Kirk $150 million to be more pro-Israel. Kirk $150 million to be more pro-Israel. Kirk $150 million to be more pro-Israel. Charlie Kirk turned it down and said no. Charlie Kirk turned it down and said no. Charlie Kirk turned it down and said no. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Yeah. Turns out you like the guy, >> Yeah. Yeah. Turns out you like the guy, >> Yeah. Yeah. Turns out you like the guy, huh? Come on now. Come on. huh? Come on now. Come on. huh? Come on now. Come on. I love that. Libs growing, baby. I love I love that. Libs growing, baby. I love I love that. Libs growing, baby. I love that. But, uh, Bill Aman specifically, that. But, uh, Bill Aman specifically, that. But, uh, Bill Aman specifically, he staged an intervention for Charlie he staged an intervention for Charlie he staged an intervention for Charlie Kirk in the Hamptons. Uh, a few months Kirk in the Hamptons. Uh, a few months Kirk in the Hamptons. Uh, a few months before Charlie Kirk was shot, a bunch of before Charlie Kirk was shot, a bunch of before Charlie Kirk was shot, a bunch of people were there. There's witnesses. people were there. There's witnesses. people were there. There's witnesses. This has been confirmed. He staged an This has been confirmed. He staged an This has been confirmed. He staged an intervention where he tried to convince intervention where he tried to convince intervention where he tried to convince Charlie Kirk to be more pro-Israel. He's Charlie Kirk to be more pro-Israel. He's Charlie Kirk to be more pro-Israel. He's like, just come on, man. Come on. You like, just come on, man. Come on. You like, just come on, man. Come on. You know, come join the boys again. Come on. know, come join the boys again. Come on. know, come join the boys again. Come on. You know, it was a lot of that. Um, some You know, it was a lot of that. Um, some You know, it was a lot of that. Um, some people said the language was more people said the language was more people said the language was more aggressive. I don't know if that's the aggressive. I don't know if that's the aggressive. I don't know if that's the case. Some people said he made threats. case. Some people said he made threats. case. Some people said he made threats. I don't know if that's the case, but we I don't know if that's the case, but we I don't know if that's the case, but we know that he staged this intervention know that he staged this intervention know that he staged this intervention where he was trying to get Charlie to be where he was trying to get Charlie to be where he was trying to get Charlie to be more pro-Israel once again. Charlie more pro-Israel once again. Charlie more pro-Israel once again. Charlie again said no. Cuz if you saw Charlie in again said no. Cuz if you saw Charlie in again said no. Cuz if you saw Charlie in his last few months, he was like, I his last few months, he was like, I his last few months, he was like, I don't understand what's going on. He don't understand what's going on. He don't understand what's going on. He called what's going on in Gaza ethnic called what's going on in Gaza ethnic called what's going on in Gaza ethnic cleansing. He said, release the Epstein cleansing. He said, release the Epstein cleansing. He said, release the Epstein files. He confirmed that Epste probably files. He confirmed that Epste probably files. He confirmed that Epste probably was Mossad. He was pointing out the ills was Mossad. He was pointing out the ills was Mossad. He was pointing out the ills of the Israel lobby in the United States of the Israel lobby in the United States of the Israel lobby in the United States and their and their influence and how it and their and their influence and how it and their and their influence and how it doesn't belong in our politics. And doesn't belong in our politics. And doesn't belong in our politics. And these are all things that I these are all things that I these are all things that I wholeheartedly agree with and and you wholeheartedly agree with and and you wholeheartedly agree with and and you know it's crazy that Charlie it took know it's crazy that Charlie it took know it's crazy that Charlie it took Charlie Kirk that long to turn but he he Charlie Kirk that long to turn but he he Charlie Kirk that long to turn but he he was turning. So Bill Aman begs he stages was turning. So Bill Aman begs he stages was turning. So Bill Aman begs he stages intervention. He begs him and Charlie intervention. He begs him and Charlie intervention. He begs him and Charlie Kirk says no. Couple months later Kirk says no. Couple months later Kirk says no. Couple months later Charlie Kirk is shot by Tyler. So it's Charlie Kirk is shot by Tyler. So it's Charlie Kirk is shot by Tyler. So it's unrelated, right? Um, unrelated, right? Um, unrelated, right? Um, now if that's not enough, this is the now if that's not enough, this is the now if that's not enough, this is the crazy part. Tyler was turned in by his crazy part. Tyler was turned in by his crazy part. Tyler was turned in by his dad. Okay, so that's how you know this dad. Okay, so that's how you know this dad. Okay, so that's how you know this was a white family, right? Obviously, son, do you have something to confess to son, do you have something to confess to son, do you have something to confess to me? me? me? Dad, I shot someone at a school today. Dad, I shot someone at a school today. Dad, I shot someone at a school today. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Like brown kids, we don't talk to our Like brown kids, we don't talk to our Like brown kids, we don't talk to our parents. Like, my parents don't even parents. Like, my parents don't even parents. Like, my parents don't even know the names of my best friends, you know the names of my best friends, you know the names of my best friends, you know? know? know? But Tyler's dad was like, "All right, But Tyler's dad was like, "All right, But Tyler's dad was like, "All right, where, when, what? Tell me who it was." where, when, what? Tell me who it was." where, when, what? Tell me who it was." And Tyler's dad then turned him in. But And Tyler's dad then turned him in. But And Tyler's dad then turned him in. But there's a reason he turned him in that's there's a reason he turned him in that's there's a reason he turned him in that's also not discussed as much, which is also not discussed as much, which is also not discussed as much, which is that there was reward posted for whoever that there was reward posted for whoever that there was reward posted for whoever brings in the killer gets a reward. $1.2 brings in the killer gets a reward. $1.2 brings in the killer gets a reward. $1.2 million. That's a pretty Yeah, I would million. That's a pretty Yeah, I would million. That's a pretty Yeah, I would have found Tyler for that one, have found Tyler for that one, have found Tyler for that one, right? And guess who posted that reward? right? And guess who posted that reward? right? And guess who posted that reward? Billing Aman, dude. Bill Aman offered Billing Aman, dude. Bill Aman offered Billing Aman, dude. Bill Aman offered the award to $1.2 million. Now, some the award to $1.2 million. Now, some the award to $1.2 million. Now, some sources are trying to say, "Oh, but the sources are trying to say, "Oh, but the sources are trying to say, "Oh, but the father's turning it down. He's saying father's turning it down. He's saying father's turning it down. He's saying don't he's donating it to charity." Oh, don't he's donating it to charity." Oh, don't he's donating it to charity." Oh, boy. You can still Venmo it to him. You boy. You can still Venmo it to him. You boy. You can still Venmo it to him. You don't have to be all public about it. don't have to be all public about it. don't have to be all public about it. But you don't find that a little bit But you don't find that a little bit But you don't find that a little bit weird. A couple months earlier, this weird. A couple months earlier, this weird. A couple months earlier, this guy's beg this billionaire is begging guy's beg this billionaire is begging guy's beg this billionaire is begging Charlie Kirk to turn and go with his Charlie Kirk to turn and go with his Charlie Kirk to turn and go with his agenda. Charlie Kirk says no. Couple agenda. Charlie Kirk says no. Couple agenda. Charlie Kirk says no. Couple months later, he's shot. And then the months later, he's shot. And then the months later, he's shot. And then the next thing you know, the killer's dad is next thing you know, the killer's dad is next thing you know, the killer's dad is paid $1.2 million. paid $1.2 million. paid $1.2 million. That'sing weird. That'sing weird. That'sing weird. That's why I put that guy as suspect That's why I put that guy as suspect That's why I put that guy as suspect number one. Okay. Suspect number two, number one. Okay. Suspect number two, number one. Okay. Suspect number two, uh, Trump. Okay. Those bruises don't uh, Trump. Okay. Those bruises don't uh, Trump. Okay. Those bruises don't come too easily. All right. That guy's come too easily. All right. That guy's come too easily. All right. That guy's clearly been uh handling a 30 odd six of clearly been uh handling a 30 odd six of clearly been uh handling a 30 odd six of his own. his own. his own. Trump is so desperate at this point Trump is so desperate at this point Trump is so desperate at this point because you know so many people hate him because you know so many people hate him because you know so many people hate him and it's so clear that he's in the and it's so clear that he's in the and it's so clear that he's in the Epstein piles. Like we all know even his Epstein piles. Like we all know even his Epstein piles. Like we all know even his base knows at this point. Trump is so base knows at this point. Trump is so base knows at this point. Trump is so good at lying that I think that he's good at lying that I think that he's good at lying that I think that he's convinced himself that he's true regard convinced himself that he's true regard convinced himself that he's true regard like no matter what. But like I think like no matter what. But like I think like no matter what. But like I think that that's why he has these bruises now that that's why he has these bruises now that that's why he has these bruises now cuz his body is like nah dude. cuz his body is like nah dude. cuz his body is like nah dude. He's like we're going to show the world He's like we're going to show the world He's like we're going to show the world what's going on on the inside. The what's going on on the inside. The what's going on on the inside. The bruises didn't even come after the bruises didn't even come after the bruises didn't even come after the Epstein files. It wasn't even that that Epstein files. It wasn't even that that Epstein files. It wasn't even that that got to him. I think it was the South got to him. I think it was the South got to him. I think it was the South Park episode. Park episode. Park episode. I think it was the South Park episode. I think it was the South Park episode. I think it was the South Park episode. It just hit him right here like It just hit him right here like It just hit him right here like and the bruises started coming out. and the bruises started coming out. and the bruises started coming out. Charlie Kirk stormed in to the White Charlie Kirk stormed in to the White Charlie Kirk stormed in to the White House and told Trump not to escalate House and told Trump not to escalate House and told Trump not to escalate with Iran. His words were starting to with Iran. His words were starting to with Iran. His words were starting to turn on Trump somewhat. So, and he was turn on Trump somewhat. So, and he was turn on Trump somewhat. So, and he was demanding the release of the Epstein demanding the release of the Epstein demanding the release of the Epstein files. Charlie Kirk has to understand he files. Charlie Kirk has to understand he files. Charlie Kirk has to understand he was the most influential and powerful was the most influential and powerful was the most influential and powerful conservative commentator especially with conservative commentator especially with conservative commentator especially with the youth the youth the youth >> which is the their only hope for the >> which is the their only hope for the >> which is the their only hope for the future and um and so again and again future and um and so again and again future and um and so again and again even if it wasn't Trump he deserves even if it wasn't Trump he deserves even if it wasn't Trump he deserves allegation. him. Uh he's not he's allegation. him. Uh he's not he's allegation. him. Uh he's not he's not getting punished for so many of his not getting punished for so many of his not getting punished for so many of his other allegations. Why not just throw other allegations. Why not just throw other allegations. Why not just throw another one in there? another one in there? another one in there? >> Okay. And you can't remove me. I'm not >> Okay. And you can't remove me. I'm not >> Okay. And you can't remove me. I'm not an ABC. Okay, Okay, Okay, now back to the So, suspect number now back to the So, suspect number now back to the So, suspect number three. This one's going to upset a lot three. This one's going to upset a lot three. This one's going to upset a lot of people, but I wouldn't be a true of people, but I wouldn't be a true of people, but I wouldn't be a true private investigator if I didn't look private investigator if I didn't look private investigator if I didn't look into this option. I don't know if you guys watch any of I don't know if you guys watch any of I don't know if you guys watch any of Erica Kirk's speeches, but they're a little weird. They're a but they're a little weird. They're a but they're a little weird. They're a little weird, man. They're a little little weird, man. They're a little little weird, man. They're a little weird and I've been watching a lot of weird and I've been watching a lot of weird and I've been watching a lot of Tik Tok Tik Tok Tik Tok and there's just some questions that I and there's just some questions that I and there's just some questions that I need answered. Okay, now I'm perfectly need answered. Okay, now I'm perfectly need answered. Okay, now I'm perfectly willing to acknowledge Erica Kirk. She's willing to acknowledge Erica Kirk. She's willing to acknowledge Erica Kirk. She's the wife of Charlie Kirk. She may be the wife of Charlie Kirk. She may be the wife of Charlie Kirk. She may be completely innocent in all of this. I completely innocent in all of this. I completely innocent in all of this. I could be entirely wrong and and and a could be entirely wrong and and and a could be entirely wrong and and and a horrible person for even speculating, in horrible person for even speculating, in horrible person for even speculating, in which case I will burn in hell in the which case I will burn in hell in the which case I will burn in hell in the flames of hell. I'm dead. The rapture. flames of hell. I'm dead. The rapture. flames of hell. I'm dead. The rapture. I'm dead. And and she's innocent. She's I'm dead. And and she's innocent. She's I'm dead. And and she's innocent. She's an angel. shall ascend to heaven. Great. an angel. shall ascend to heaven. Great. an angel. shall ascend to heaven. Great. Right. Right. Right. The the creator Right. Right. Right. The the creator Right. Right. Right. The the creator will settle the score. Okay. will settle the score. Okay. will settle the score. Okay. But in the meantime, shit's looking a little weird, man. shit's looking a little weird, man. shit's looking a little weird, man. And I need some questions answered, bro. And I need some questions answered, bro. And I need some questions answered, bro. She's given a few speeches now. Erica She's given a few speeches now. Erica She's given a few speeches now. Erica Kirk spoke at the Charlie Kirk Memorial, Kirk spoke at the Charlie Kirk Memorial, Kirk spoke at the Charlie Kirk Memorial, which I watched for research purposes. which I watched for research purposes. which I watched for research purposes. Okay. I'm going to be honest with you Okay. I'm going to be honest with you Okay. I'm going to be honest with you guys. I am a human. a human being who I guys. I am a human. a human being who I guys. I am a human. a human being who I disagreed with on a lot of things was disagreed with on a lot of things was disagreed with on a lot of things was taken from us on this planet. So, I taken from us on this planet. So, I taken from us on this planet. So, I wanted to come at this with from a human wanted to come at this with from a human wanted to come at this with from a human perspective. This man had a family. I perspective. This man had a family. I perspective. This man had a family. I wanted to watch this woman speak from a wanted to watch this woman speak from a wanted to watch this woman speak from a place of empathy and be like, "Yeah, I place of empathy and be like, "Yeah, I place of empathy and be like, "Yeah, I disagree with this guy on so many disagree with this guy on so many disagree with this guy on so many levels, but I want to watch this." I levels, but I want to watch this." I levels, but I want to watch this." I came to cry, dude. I was like, "I need came to cry, dude. I was like, "I need came to cry, dude. I was like, "I need to cry today, man. Like, the FBI is to cry today, man. Like, the FBI is to cry today, man. Like, the FBI is lying to me so hard. I need a safe lying to me so hard. I need a safe lying to me so hard. I need a safe place. I need to look and find solace in place. I need to look and find solace in place. I need to look and find solace in the eyes of this poor woman who actually the eyes of this poor woman who actually the eyes of this poor woman who actually lost another human being and remember lost another human being and remember lost another human being and remember the humanity of this. And remember that the humanity of this. And remember that the humanity of this. And remember that even if we disagree over politics, we we even if we disagree over politics, we we even if we disagree over politics, we we are humans and we need to connect with are humans and we need to connect with are humans and we need to connect with each other on on the most subtle of each other on on the most subtle of each other on on the most subtle of human level. So please, Erica Kirk, let human level. So please, Erica Kirk, let human level. So please, Erica Kirk, let me look into your eyes and let me weep me look into your eyes and let me weep me look into your eyes and let me weep with you while you grieve for your with you while you grieve for your with you while you grieve for your fallen husband. And I came to that. I fallen husband. And I came to that. I fallen husband. And I came to that. I came to watch for that. I came to cry came to watch for that. I came to cry came to watch for that. I came to cry and I came to and I came to and I came to But within 30 seconds, I was like, "What But within 30 seconds, I was like, "What But within 30 seconds, I was like, "What the am I watching? What the is this? Why the am I watching? What the is this? Why the am I watching? What the is this? Why is she laughing? She was literally is she laughing? She was literally is she laughing? She was literally snickering. And Charlie, like she's snickering. And Charlie, like she's snickering. And Charlie, like she's like, I know he's somewhere. Like it was like, I know he's somewhere. Like it was like, I know he's somewhere. Like it was like, is he alive? Tell us. like, is he alive? Tell us. like, is he alive? Tell us. And maybe she grieavves fast. Maybe she And maybe she grieavves fast. Maybe she And maybe she grieavves fast. Maybe she grieavves fast. If she does, props to grieavves fast. If she does, props to grieavves fast. If she does, props to her. I'm all about efficiency. I'm all her. I'm all about efficiency. I'm all her. I'm all about efficiency. I'm all about efficiency. You know, I could be about efficiency. You know, I could be about efficiency. You know, I could be that that kind of sociopath like if I that that kind of sociopath like if I that that kind of sociopath like if I ever lose someone important, you might ever lose someone important, you might ever lose someone important, you might see us be like, "This guy'sing weird." see us be like, "This guy'sing weird." see us be like, "This guy'sing weird." But I'll tell you that in advance. I'll But I'll tell you that in advance. I'll But I'll tell you that in advance. I'll be like, "Yo, I'm I'm a weird person. I be like, "Yo, I'm I'm a weird person. I be like, "Yo, I'm I'm a weird person. I do move on very fast." I lost a lot of do move on very fast." I lost a lot of do move on very fast." I lost a lot of math colleagues to Evans Hall and I I math colleagues to Evans Hall and I I math colleagues to Evans Hall and I I was forced to grieve very quickly, like was forced to grieve very quickly, like was forced to grieve very quickly, like a step function. And so, and so maybe she grieavves fast And so, and so maybe she grieavves fast And so, and so maybe she grieavves fast and maybe that's just maybe everybody's and maybe that's just maybe everybody's and maybe that's just maybe everybody's different and and I could be totally different and and I could be totally different and and I could be totally wrong. And again, I'm going to burn in wrong. And again, I'm going to burn in wrong. And again, I'm going to burn in hell. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm already hell. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm already hell. I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm already dead. I'm already dead, but while I'm dead. I'm already dead, but while I'm dead. I'm already dead, but while I'm still alive. still alive. still alive. Why was she snickering during this Why was she snickering during this Why was she snickering during this performance? Why did she seem so chill performance? Why did she seem so chill performance? Why did she seem so chill about everything? Why is she now fully about everything? Why is she now fully about everything? Why is she now fully taken over Charlie's company and already taken over Charlie's company and already taken over Charlie's company and already doing podcasts? doing podcasts? doing podcasts? >> It hasn't even been 3 weeks, okay? and >> It hasn't even been 3 weeks, okay? and >> It hasn't even been 3 weeks, okay? and she's already taken over the company she's already taken over the company she's already taken over the company doing podcasts like smiling, snickering, doing podcasts like smiling, snickering, doing podcasts like smiling, snickering, and and it it just seems to me just from and and it it just seems to me just from and and it it just seems to me just from a very basic impression that either a very basic impression that either a very basic impression that either Charlie Kirk is still alive Charlie Kirk is still alive Charlie Kirk is still alive or she killed him. And that's the that's or she killed him. And that's the that's or she killed him. And that's the that's the only that's the only those are the the only that's the only those are the the only that's the only those are the only two logical explanations in my only two logical explanations in my only two logical explanations in my mind. And and again, you can be mad at mind. And and again, you can be mad at mind. And and again, you can be mad at me, but listen, when it comes to me, but listen, when it comes to me, but listen, when it comes to homicides, the spouse is always the homicides, the spouse is always the homicides, the spouse is always the first suspect. They're always the first first suspect. They're always the first first suspect. They're always the first suspect. There is literally statistics suspect. There is literally statistics suspect. There is literally statistics that show that 60% of the time someone's that show that 60% of the time someone's that show that 60% of the time someone's killed, it's the person they're in a killed, it's the person they're in a killed, it's the person they're in a relationship with. 60%. In the world. In relationship with. 60%. In the world. In relationship with. 60%. In the world. In fact, in marriages in the United States, fact, in marriages in the United States, fact, in marriages in the United States, 34% of the time a wife dies, it's the 34% of the time a wife dies, it's the 34% of the time a wife dies, it's the husband. husband. husband. >> 34%. Onethird of the time if a wife >> 34%. Onethird of the time if a wife >> 34%. Onethird of the time if a wife dies, it's the husband. And guess what? dies, it's the husband. And guess what? dies, it's the husband. And guess what? If a husband dies, If a husband dies, If a husband dies, >> Yeah. Sorry, that's You're either scared for your life or You're either scared for your life or You're either scared for your life or you just solved the murder. >> He's like, "Oh I'm so dead >> He's like, "Oh I'm so dead >> He's like, "Oh I'm so dead tonight, dude." So, according to stats, 34% of the time So, according to stats, 34% of the time So, according to stats, 34% of the time a wife dies, it's the husband. Okay? I I a wife dies, it's the husband. Okay? I I a wife dies, it's the husband. Okay? I I don't know what the stats are for the don't know what the stats are for the don't know what the stats are for the gay community. I don't know. It could be gay community. I don't know. It could be gay community. I don't know. It could be could be like 60. I don't know. could be like 60. I don't know. could be like 60. I don't know. 34% of the time a wife dies, it is the 34% of the time a wife dies, it is the 34% of the time a wife dies, it is the husband. And when a husband dies, 6% of husband. And when a husband dies, 6% of husband. And when a husband dies, 6% of the time it's the wife. Good job, the time it's the wife. Good job, the time it's the wife. Good job, ladies. Good job for being le. However, ladies. Good job for being le. However, ladies. Good job for being le. However, The stat says it's 6% of the time it's The stat says it's 6% of the time it's The stat says it's 6% of the time it's the wife who killed the husband, but the wife who killed the husband, but the wife who killed the husband, but this is not including proxy murders this is not including proxy murders this is not including proxy murders where the wife hired someone. Oh, where the wife hired someone. Oh, where the wife hired someone. Oh, inconvenient. inconvenient. inconvenient. That's like most of them, dude. That's like most of them, dude. That's like most of them, dude. Rarely she does it herself, man. Let's Rarely she does it herself, man. Let's Rarely she does it herself, man. Let's be honest. There's no stat for that. be honest. There's no stat for that. be honest. There's no stat for that. Apparently, apparently, how convenient. Apparently, apparently, how convenient. Apparently, apparently, how convenient. There's no stat for spousal proxy There's no stat for spousal proxy There's no stat for spousal proxy murders, murders, murders, but the global stat is if somebody dies but the global stat is if somebody dies but the global stat is if somebody dies who's in a relationship, 60% of the time who's in a relationship, 60% of the time who's in a relationship, 60% of the time it has something to do with the person it has something to do with the person it has something to do with the person they're in the relationship with. So, they're in the relationship with. So, they're in the relationship with. So, can we at least not be curious about can we at least not be curious about can we at least not be curious about that stat? In this case, the biggest that stat? In this case, the biggest that stat? In this case, the biggest assassination of our lifetime, whether assassination of our lifetime, whether assassination of our lifetime, whether you like it or not. Okay, now I know you like it or not. Okay, now I know you like it or not. Okay, now I know some be like, "Oh my god, this is so some be like, "Oh my god, this is so some be like, "Oh my god, this is so cold." You're analyzing a a shooting by cold." You're analyzing a a shooting by cold." You're analyzing a a shooting by statistics. Well, that's kind of what statistics. Well, that's kind of what statistics. Well, that's kind of what Charlie did for a living. So, I don't Charlie did for a living. So, I don't Charlie did for a living. So, I don't know if you noticed, know if you noticed, know if you noticed, anytime they talked about shootings, anytime they talked about shootings, anytime they talked about shootings, Charlie was like, "Well, 30% of the time Charlie was like, "Well, 30% of the time Charlie was like, "Well, 30% of the time is gang violence." And you got to factor is gang violence." And you got to factor is gang violence." And you got to factor that in, you know? So, you I'm just that in, you know? So, you I'm just that in, you know? So, you I'm just saying Charlie's up there being like, saying Charlie's up there being like, saying Charlie's up there being like, "Good man, you know. "Good man, you know. "Good man, you know. Now, okay, that's that's not all my Now, okay, that's that's not all my Now, okay, that's that's not all my evidence here, okay? I didn't know I had evidence here, okay? I didn't know I had evidence here, okay? I didn't know I had to prepare the case for you guys, but to prepare the case for you guys, but to prepare the case for you guys, but but here's my engravings, okay? Um, but here's my engravings, okay? Um, but here's my engravings, okay? Um, so you can you can go down the rabbit so you can you can go down the rabbit so you can you can go down the rabbit hole yourself, but there's a lot of hole yourself, but there's a lot of hole yourself, but there's a lot of weird things about Erica Kirk. First of weird things about Erica Kirk. First of weird things about Erica Kirk. First of all, she knew President Trump before she all, she knew President Trump before she all, she knew President Trump before she knew Charlie Kirk. She knew Charlie Kirk. She knew Charlie Kirk. She >> in fact, she won Trump's Miss Arizona >> in fact, she won Trump's Miss Arizona >> in fact, she won Trump's Miss Arizona pageant. She worked indirectly with pageant. She worked indirectly with pageant. She worked indirectly with Trump before this. Both of her parents Trump before this. Both of her parents Trump before this. Both of her parents are involved in government operations. are involved in government operations. are involved in government operations. Uh I believe her father was involved in Uh I believe her father was involved in Uh I believe her father was involved in Rathon direct like arms deals with Rathon direct like arms deals with Rathon direct like arms deals with Israel. Uh her mom worked for the Israel. Uh her mom worked for the Israel. Uh her mom worked for the Department of Defense. She's literally Department of Defense. She's literally Department of Defense. She's literally born inside of the government. Okay. And born inside of the government. Okay. And born inside of the government. Okay. And she won Trump's pageant. Okay. And um she won Trump's pageant. Okay. And um she won Trump's pageant. Okay. And um for a while she was part of the she was for a while she was part of the she was for a while she was part of the she was part of like either the founding or the part of like either the founding or the part of like either the founding or the ownership of or her family owned or the ownership of or her family owned or the ownership of or her family owned or the people she worked with. She worked for people she worked with. She worked for people she worked with. She worked for an orphanage in Romania that yes where a an orphanage in Romania that yes where a an orphanage in Romania that yes where a bunch of children went missing. bunch of children went missing. bunch of children went missing. So so much so and some people say some So so much so and some people say some So so much so and some people say some of them ended up in Israel. I don't of them ended up in Israel. I don't of them ended up in Israel. I don't know. I mean maybe. I don't know. I'm know. I mean maybe. I don't know. I'm know. I mean maybe. I don't know. I'm not going to spread that rumor without not going to spread that rumor without not going to spread that rumor without the information. But but but what has the information. But but but what has the information. But but but what has been allegedly confirmed is that she was been allegedly confirmed is that she was been allegedly confirmed is that she was involved with an orphanage in Romania involved with an orphanage in Romania involved with an orphanage in Romania where children went missing. so many where children went missing. so many where children went missing. so many that they had to shut down operations that they had to shut down operations that they had to shut down operations and they are now banned from Romania. Do and they are now banned from Romania. Do and they are now banned from Romania. Do you know how up you got to be to you know how up you got to be to you know how up you got to be to be banned from be banned from be banned from Andrew Kate is mayor of Romania? You got Andrew Kate is mayor of Romania? You got Andrew Kate is mayor of Romania? You got to be to be banned from Romania, to be to be banned from Romania, to be to be banned from Romania, you got to lose a lot of kids. Okay? And you got to lose a lot of kids. Okay? And you got to lose a lot of kids. Okay? And and this was at a time when she was and this was at a time when she was and this was at a time when she was working with Trump and it was also at a working with Trump and it was also at a working with Trump and it was also at a time when Jeffrey Epstein was still time when Jeffrey Epstein was still time when Jeffrey Epstein was still active. So you you do whatever you want with So you you do whatever you want with So you you do whatever you want with that. I'm just saying that's weird. that. I'm just saying that's weird. that. I'm just saying that's weird. Okay. But she was born into a US Okay. But she was born into a US Okay. But she was born into a US government family, worked with Trump, government family, worked with Trump, government family, worked with Trump, knew Trump. You saw that the hug that knew Trump. You saw that the hug that knew Trump. You saw that the hug that they had at the memorial. It was too they had at the memorial. It was too they had at the memorial. It was too weird. weird. weird. And she now owns Turning Point USA. And she now owns Turning Point USA. And she now owns Turning Point USA. Probably. We'll see. I mean, if I again, Probably. We'll see. I mean, if I again, Probably. We'll see. I mean, if I again, if I'm wrong, burn me in hell. But she if I'm wrong, burn me in hell. But she if I'm wrong, burn me in hell. But she she's now taking over. She's now taking she's now taking over. She's now taking she's now taking over. She's now taking We know that she's taking over Turning We know that she's taking over Turning We know that she's taking over Turning Point USA. She's already making content. Point USA. She's already making content. Point USA. She's already making content. Okay. And here's what I find the Okay. And here's what I find the Okay. And here's what I find the craziest. When she met Charlie Kirk, it craziest. When she met Charlie Kirk, it craziest. When she met Charlie Kirk, it was not on a dating app. It was not at a was not on a dating app. It was not at a was not on a dating app. It was not at a bar. It was at a job interview. bar. It was at a job interview. bar. It was at a job interview. >> She went in to interview for a position >> She went in to interview for a position >> She went in to interview for a position at Turning Point USA. That's how she met at Turning Point USA. That's how she met at Turning Point USA. That's how she met Charlie Kirk. She showed up for an Charlie Kirk. She showed up for an Charlie Kirk. She showed up for an interview. They hit it off. He fell in interview. They hit it off. He fell in interview. They hit it off. He fell in love immediately. They got married in a love immediately. They got married in a love immediately. They got married in a matter of months. matter of months. matter of months. >> Wow. >> Wow. >> Wow. >> Yeah. And now she owns Turning Point >> Yeah. And now she owns Turning Point >> Yeah. And now she owns Turning Point USA. A couple years later, they got USA. A couple years later, they got USA. A couple years later, they got married in 2021. married in 2021. married in 2021. >> Barely four years later, she owns >> Barely four years later, she owns >> Barely four years later, she owns Turning Point USA. So, I'm saying you Turning Point USA. So, I'm saying you Turning Point USA. So, I'm saying you can make all the connections you want, can make all the connections you want, can make all the connections you want, okay? But just if you look at the whole okay? But just if you look at the whole okay? But just if you look at the whole thing, it starts not with romance or thing, it starts not with romance or thing, it starts not with romance or love, but it starts with her applying love, but it starts with her applying love, but it starts with her applying for a job and ends with her getting a for a job and ends with her getting a for a job and ends with her getting a promotion. So, you you can you can you promotion. So, you you can you can you promotion. So, you you can you can you can look at that however you want. Okay, can look at that however you want. Okay, can look at that however you want. Okay, I'm just pointing out coincidences, I'm just pointing out coincidences, I'm just pointing out coincidences, which I don't believe in. I already told which I don't believe in. I already told which I don't believe in. I already told you that you that you that the thing is is that sometimes you need the thing is is that sometimes you need the thing is is that sometimes you need to take the red pill and go down the to take the red pill and go down the to take the red pill and go down the rabbit hole because your government's rabbit hole because your government's rabbit hole because your government's not going to do it for you. Okay? The not going to do it for you. Okay? The not going to do it for you. Okay? The media is not going to do it for you. ABC media is not going to do it for you. ABC media is not going to do it for you. ABC is still out there like, "Was Tyler into is still out there like, "Was Tyler into is still out there like, "Was Tyler into trans people?" You know what I mean? trans people?" You know what I mean? trans people?" You know what I mean? Like, they're still out there like Like, they're still out there like Like, they're still out there like trying to figure out a fake story. Okay? trying to figure out a fake story. Okay? trying to figure out a fake story. Okay? And if if personally like I think I find And if if personally like I think I find And if if personally like I think I find all this absolutely absurd. It's I'm all this absolutely absurd. It's I'm all this absolutely absurd. It's I'm going crazy. Okay, now just to bring it going crazy. Okay, now just to bring it going crazy. Okay, now just to bring it back home, if you want some crazy wild back home, if you want some crazy wild back home, if you want some crazy wild conspiracy stuff, this is the part that conspiracy stuff, this is the part that conspiracy stuff, this is the part that is craziest. This murder apparently was is craziest. This murder apparently was is craziest. This murder apparently was almost entirely predicted in a movie almost entirely predicted in a movie almost entirely predicted in a movie from 1998 from 1998 from 1998 called Snake Eyes with Nick Cage. called Snake Eyes with Nick Cage. called Snake Eyes with Nick Cage. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no. Look at these Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no. Look at these Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no. Look at these Tik Toks. It's insane. I'll tell you. Tik Toks. It's insane. I'll tell you. Tik Toks. It's insane. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. And you're you're going I'll tell you. And you're you're going I'll tell you. And you're you're going to not believe this either, so you're to not believe this either, so you're to not believe this either, so you're going to have to look it up, too. But going to have to look it up, too. But going to have to look it up, too. But Wikipedia confirmed everything. Okay. Wikipedia confirmed everything. Okay. Wikipedia confirmed everything. Okay. A movie from 1998 called Snake Eyes with A movie from 1998 called Snake Eyes with A movie from 1998 called Snake Eyes with Nick Cage. The plot of the movie is a Nick Cage. The plot of the movie is a Nick Cage. The plot of the movie is a man named Charles Kirkland. man named Charles Kirkland. man named Charles Kirkland. Charles Kirkland is murdered in front of Charles Kirkland is murdered in front of Charles Kirkland is murdered in front of a a crowd of people. He's shot in the a a crowd of people. He's shot in the a a crowd of people. He's shot in the neck exactly like Charlie Kirk at an neck exactly like Charlie Kirk at an neck exactly like Charlie Kirk at an event that was also a boxing match where event that was also a boxing match where event that was also a boxing match where the boxer was named Tyler the the boxer was named Tyler the the boxer was named Tyler the Executioner. Even crazier, the date that happened in Even crazier, the date that happened in Even crazier, the date that happened in the movie was September 10th. the movie was September 10th. the movie was September 10th. >> You're You're like, "There's no way. >> You're You're like, "There's no way. >> You're You're like, "There's no way. Look at the up." Look at the up." Look at the up." Yes. Yes. Go. Seriously, is a movie Yes. Yes. Go. Seriously, is a movie Yes. Yes. Go. Seriously, is a movie called Snake Eyes on September 10th. Guy called Snake Eyes on September 10th. Guy called Snake Eyes on September 10th. Guy named Charles Gri shot in the neck at an named Charles Gri shot in the neck at an named Charles Gri shot in the neck at an event where the guy's named Tyler the event where the guy's named Tyler the event where the guy's named Tyler the Executioner. Okay. And I'll I'll even Executioner. Okay. And I'll I'll even Executioner. Okay. And I'll I'll even add some more irony that you won't find add some more irony that you won't find add some more irony that you won't find in these Tik Tok videos. Okay. in these Tik Tok videos. Okay. in these Tik Tok videos. Okay. The movie was shot at Trump Tower. The movie was shot at Trump Tower. The movie was shot at Trump Tower. >> I'm not kidding you. It's an inside job. >> I'm not kidding you. It's an inside job. >> I'm not kidding you. It's an inside job. We're all stoned out of our minds. All We're all stoned out of our minds. All We're all stoned out of our minds. All of our moms were taking Tylenol and weed of our moms were taking Tylenol and weed of our moms were taking Tylenol and weed and Molly and Percoet. and Molly and Percoet. and Molly and Percoet. It's crazy. I'll even add some more It's crazy. I'll even add some more It's crazy. I'll even add some more irony that you won't find in these Tik irony that you won't find in these Tik irony that you won't find in these Tik Tok videos. Okay, something I did on my Tok videos. Okay, something I did on my Tok videos. Okay, something I did on my own. own. own. The movie is called Snake Eyes. Snake The movie is called Snake Eyes. Snake The movie is called Snake Eyes. Snake Eyes is when you roll two ones Eyes is when you roll two ones Eyes is when you roll two ones individually, right? What is the individually, right? What is the individually, right? What is the probability of that? 1 over 6 * 1 over 6 probability of that? 1 over 6 * 1 over 6 probability of that? 1 over 6 * 1 over 6 multiply 1 over 36 30 odd six multiply 1 over 36 30 odd six multiply 1 over 36 30 odd six which is also my age. >> I looked it up the cuz I I wanted to >> I looked it up the cuz I I wanted to >> I looked it up the cuz I I wanted to like Wikipedia to make sure I was not like Wikipedia to make sure I was not like Wikipedia to make sure I was not completely the edible. The edible had completely the edible. The edible had completely the edible. The edible had already kicked in, but I wanted to make already kicked in, but I wanted to make already kicked in, but I wanted to make sure it was me and not the edible. And I sure it was me and not the edible. And I sure it was me and not the edible. And I looked it up and and that all of that looked it up and and that all of that looked it up and and that all of that stuff the movie 100% it's all happens in stuff the movie 100% it's all happens in stuff the movie 100% it's all happens in the movie. You can watch the movie. And the movie. You can watch the movie. And the movie. You can watch the movie. And so I wanted to know who who kills the so I wanted to know who who kills the so I wanted to know who who kills the guy Charles Kirkland. So I looked that guy Charles Kirkland. So I looked that guy Charles Kirkland. So I looked that up and this is how you know the movies up and this is how you know the movies up and this is how you know the movies from the '90s. The sniper was a from the '90s. The sniper was a from the '90s. The sniper was a Palestinian terrorist. Palestinian terrorist. Palestinian terrorist. Got to miss the '9s, man. Back when we Got to miss the '9s, man. Back when we Got to miss the '9s, man. Back when we actually had representation in movies, actually had representation in movies, actually had representation in movies, you know, it wasn't the good kind, but you know, it wasn't the good kind, but you know, it wasn't the good kind, but it was there. it was there. it was there. The guy who played him wasn't even The guy who played him wasn't even The guy who played him wasn't even Palestinian, obviously. It was He was Palestinian, obviously. It was He was Palestinian, obviously. It was He was like a half Latin guy. He was just like, like a half Latin guy. He was just like, like a half Latin guy. He was just like, "Hey, I'll be I'll be your Palestinian "Hey, I'll be I'll be your Palestinian "Hey, I'll be I'll be your Palestinian terrorist." terrorist." terrorist." And the Pali Palestinian terrorist And the Pali Palestinian terrorist And the Pali Palestinian terrorist sniped Charles Kirkland because Charles sniped Charles Kirkland because Charles sniped Charles Kirkland because Charles Kirkland was working for the Pentagon on Kirkland was working for the Pentagon on Kirkland was working for the Pentagon on a big arms deal selling weapons to a big arms deal selling weapons to a big arms deal selling weapons to Israel. Israel. Israel. That was the one detail in the movie That was the one detail in the movie That was the one detail in the movie where I'm like, I think it's um But where I'm like, I think it's um But where I'm like, I think it's um But so, so even in that movie, it's about so, so even in that movie, it's about so, so even in that movie, it's about Israel. Even in that movie, it's about Israel. Even in that movie, it's about Israel. Even in that movie, it's about Israel. And and the the plot, sorry to Israel. And and the the plot, sorry to Israel. And and the the plot, sorry to spoiler, but uh the plot basically spoiler, but uh the plot basically spoiler, but uh the plot basically Nicholas Cage later finds out that his Nicholas Cage later finds out that his Nicholas Cage later finds out that his friend who works for the government was friend who works for the government was friend who works for the government was inside on the inside of it. He hired a inside on the inside of it. He hired a inside on the inside of it. He hired a Palestinian sniper who was willing to be Palestinian sniper who was willing to be Palestinian sniper who was willing to be the fall guy and basically jihad himself the fall guy and basically jihad himself the fall guy and basically jihad himself and and but it was really his friend and and but it was really his friend and and but it was really his friend Kevin who worked for the Pentagon who is Kevin who worked for the Pentagon who is Kevin who worked for the Pentagon who is in on the whole thing and killed Charles in on the whole thing and killed Charles in on the whole thing and killed Charles Kirkland. So even in that movie, it's an Kirkland. So even in that movie, it's an Kirkland. So even in that movie, it's an inside job. inside job. inside job. So wake the up. So wake the up. So wake the up. Wake the up. Wake the up. Wake the up. And And And and really this whole situation has and really this whole situation has and really this whole situation has taught me so much about myself and taught me so much about myself and taught me so much about myself and humanity, you know, because I was not a humanity, you know, because I was not a humanity, you know, because I was not a fan of Charlie Kirk. I saw so many fan of Charlie Kirk. I saw so many fan of Charlie Kirk. I saw so many videos of him that I just absolutely was videos of him that I just absolutely was videos of him that I just absolutely was like, why are you saying that, man? like, why are you saying that, man? like, why are you saying that, man? That's so messed up. Like, why do you That's so messed up. Like, why do you That's so messed up. Like, why do you hate Muslims so much, dude? Like, hate Muslims so much, dude? Like, hate Muslims so much, dude? Like, Muslims, like, they believe in Jesus. Muslims, like, they believe in Jesus. Muslims, like, they believe in Jesus. They believe Jesus was a prophet. Like, They believe Jesus was a prophet. Like, They believe Jesus was a prophet. Like, they're so friendly with Christians. they're so friendly with Christians. they're so friendly with Christians. Like, why do you hate them so much? Like, why do you hate them so much? Like, why do you hate them so much? Like, why do you blame black people for Like, why do you blame black people for Like, why do you blame black people for everything, man? Like, can't you just be everything, man? Like, can't you just be everything, man? Like, can't you just be like, "These shootings are bad. We need like, "These shootings are bad. We need like, "These shootings are bad. We need to like figure them out and being like, to like figure them out and being like, to like figure them out and being like, well, black people need to take well, black people need to take well, black people need to take account." Like, can't you can't you account." Like, can't you can't you account." Like, can't you can't you debate anybody older than 15, man? Like, debate anybody older than 15, man? Like, debate anybody older than 15, man? Like, come on. like come on. like come on. like I I I really did hate this guy. I I I I I I I really did hate this guy. I I I I I I I really did hate this guy. I I I I respected his chops as a debater. I just respected his chops as a debater. I just respected his chops as a debater. I just wish he used them on somebody his age, wish he used them on somebody his age, wish he used them on somebody his age, >> you know, >> you know, >> you know, >> and and so I I I definitely did not like >> and and so I I I definitely did not like >> and and so I I I definitely did not like this guy. But after seeing this and this guy. But after seeing this and this guy. But after seeing this and after seeing how he was turning, I I after seeing how he was turning, I I after seeing how he was turning, I I found my humanity and I found I found my found my humanity and I found I found my found my humanity and I found I found my appreciation even for people I appreciation even for people I appreciation even for people I completely disagree with because nobody completely disagree with because nobody completely disagree with because nobody deserves that. Nobody, not not only deserves that. Nobody, not not only deserves that. Nobody, not not only nobody deserve to be murdered, but nobody deserve to be murdered, but nobody deserve to be murdered, but nobody deserves to be murdered and lied nobody deserves to be murdered and lied nobody deserves to be murdered and lied about it. You know what I'm saying? And about it. You know what I'm saying? And about it. You know what I'm saying? And and I know nobody agrees with me because and I know nobody agrees with me because and I know nobody agrees with me because you're in San Francisco. I get it. But you're in San Francisco. I get it. But you're in San Francisco. I get it. But but but I found my own humanity because but but I found my own humanity because but but I found my own humanity because this whole time I really I hated Charlie this whole time I really I hated Charlie this whole time I really I hated Charlie Kirk and all the things he said, but now Kirk and all the things he said, but now Kirk and all the things he said, but now I'm like one of the only people trying I'm like one of the only people trying I'm like one of the only people trying to solve his murder. You know what I to solve his murder. You know what I to solve his murder. You know what I mean? So I I'm trying, dude. I'm trying, mean? So I I'm trying, dude. I'm trying, mean? So I I'm trying, dude. I'm trying, man. You could say I'm at a turning point. You could say I'm at a turning point. You could say I'm at a turning point.