[screaming sound] this this that [screaming sound] this this that look that look that look that look hey shut up look that look that look that look hey shut up look that look that look that look hey shut up sir has come sir has come sir has come why are you making so much noise why are you making so much noise why are you making so much noise oh sir it's my birthday today oh sir it's my birthday today oh sir it's my birthday today why are you so happy why are you so happy why are you so happy if you are happy then be happy why are you making a big deal if you are happy then be happy why are you making a big deal oh sir today is my birthday oh sir today is my birthday oh sir today is my birthday so what did you shoot what favour did you do to this so what did you shoot what favour did you do to this so what did you shoot what favour did you do to this world by being born and what is your world by being born and what is your world by being born and what is your contribution in this you are making noise, contribution in this you are making noise, contribution in this you are making noise, disturbing people, disturbing people's sleep disturbing people, disturbing people's sleep oh sir stop this lecture, I will give you oh sir stop this lecture, I will give you oh sir stop this lecture, I will give you some cake too. some cake too. some cake too. Hey, where did you go? Hey, where did you go? Hey, where did you go? Where did you disappear, sir?  Where did he go? Where did you disappear, sir?  Where did he go? Where did you disappear, sir?  Where did he go? Come on, come on.  Cut the cake.  [screaming sound] Wait, wait, wait, wait.  Where Wait, wait, wait, wait.  Where Wait, wait, wait, wait.  Where is Gotiya? is Gotiya? is Gotiya? Hey sir, he is not picking up our call. Hey sir, he is not picking up our call. Hey sir, he is not picking up our call. Wait, I will call him now. Wait, I will call him now. Wait, I will call him now. Who? Who? Who? Hey, I am talking to you Dhoni sir.  Today is Chiku Hey, I am talking to you Dhoni sir.  Today is Chiku Hey, I am talking to you Dhoni sir.  Today is Chiku 's birthday, so we all are 's birthday, so we all are 's birthday, so we all are going to the water park together.  That too the biggest one.  You going to the water park together.  That too the biggest one.  You going to the water park together.  That too the biggest one.  You come to school quickly.  I don't know, my come to school quickly.  I don't know, my come to school quickly.  I don't know, my family is very strict.  I am not allowed to go out of the house. family is very strict.  I am not allowed to go out of the house. family is very strict.  I am not allowed to go out of the house. If anyone in my family comes to If anyone in my family comes to If anyone in my family comes to know that I should go out of the house, know that I should go out of the house, know that I should go out of the house, they will kill me.   Turn it off. they will kill me.   Turn it off. they will kill me.   Turn it off. Shut up, Shut up, Shut up, buddy.  Then shut up [screaming sound]. buddy.  Then shut up [screaming sound]. Yes sir.  Let us go. Yes sir.  Let us go. Yes sir.  Let us go. You idiot. You idiot. You idiot. So guys, today we are going to the So guys, today we are going to the So guys, today we are going to the biggest water park in Indore because today is Chiku's biggest water park in Indore because today is Chiku's biggest water park in Indore because today is Chiku's birthday.  So party on my side.  Hey birthday.  So party on my side.  Hey birthday.  So party on my side.  Hey sir, will we go to school like this in school clothes sir, will we go to school like this in school clothes sir, will we go to school like this in school clothes ? ? ? Hey, get ready quickly and come.  Go.   Okay, let Hey, get ready quickly and come.  Go.   Okay, let Hey, get ready quickly and come.  Go.   Okay, let me get ready and come. me get ready and come. me get ready and come. And sir, the food is also from your side, right? And sir, the food is also from your side, right? And sir, the food is also from your side, right? Oh yes yes Oh yes yes Oh yes yes this but one second. but one second. but one second. No, we saw it done. No, we saw it done. No, we saw it done. Hey friend, I don't have that much money. Hey friend, I don't have that much money. Hey friend, I don't have that much money. What should I do now?  How will I feed the children What should I do now?  How will I feed the children What should I do now?  How will I feed the children ? ? ? What should I do friend?  Where will I get so much money from? Hey friends, Dhoni sir does Hey friends, Dhoni sir does Hey friends, Dhoni sir does n't have enough money to throw a party. n't have enough money to throw a party. n't have enough money to throw a party. What? What? What? And if I say this to sir, he will feel And if I say this to sir, he will feel And if I say this to sir, he will feel bad. bad. bad. Let's do one thing, we will eat food at home and go with a Let's do one thing, we will eat food at home and go with a Let's do one thing, we will eat food at home and go with a full stomach and then we will full stomach and then we will full stomach and then we will eat something light there.  Due to which Dhoni sir's eat something light there.  Due to which Dhoni sir's eat something light there.  Due to which Dhoni sir's money will also be saved. money will also be saved. money will also be saved. Yes, come on, come on. Say this Jai, watch my channel, open it and Say this Jai, watch my channel, open it and Say this Jai, watch my channel, open it and say Jai Mata Di, follow my channel, say Jai Mata Di, follow my channel, say Jai Mata Di, follow my channel, you will get good results, bye, like my song, you will get good results, bye, like my song, you will get good results, bye, like my song, like my video [Music] Don't move my video, don't go like my video [Music] Don't move my video, don't go like my video [Music] Don't move my video, don't go anywhere without commenting, don't move my video, don't anywhere without commenting, don't move my video, don't anywhere without commenting, don't move my video, don't go anywhere without commenting. go anywhere without commenting. go anywhere without commenting. Let's see, it will be fun. Let's see, it will be fun. Let's see, it will be fun. Heera son, you are sitting at home swinging on the swing and Heera son, you are sitting at home swinging on the swing and Heera son, you are sitting at home swinging on the swing and your father has come to the swimming pool. your father has come to the swimming pool. your father has come to the swimming pool. So finally we enter the So finally we enter the So finally we enter the biggest water park in the world.  Oh my God. biggest water park in the world.  Oh my God. biggest water park in the world.  Oh my God. Seeing so many slides makes our heads spin. Seeing so many slides makes our heads spin. Seeing so many slides makes our heads spin. Even if it is morning till night, Even if it is morning till night, Even if it is morning till night, we will cover all the slides we will cover all the slides we will cover all the slides for you. for you. for you. Let's get started. Let's get started. Let's get started. I have to go to my home.  No, otherwise I have to go to my home.  No, otherwise I have to go to my home.  No, otherwise here our Badri's groom, while here our Badri's groom, while here our Badri's groom, while chilling in the water, first picked up the jug and chilling in the water, first picked up the jug and chilling in the water, first picked up the jug and threw it.  [screaming sound] threw it.  [screaming sound] threw it.  [screaming sound] Hey brother, Hey brother, Hey brother, what do you say helicopter helicopter?   It what do you say helicopter helicopter?   It what do you say helicopter helicopter?   It seems Chhappan will kill while flying in the air. seems Chhappan will kill while flying in the air. seems Chhappan will kill while flying in the air. Here a different fight is going on between Gotiya and Gore Sir. Here a different fight is going on between Gotiya and Gore Sir. So guys, you are having fun. So guys, you are having fun. So guys, you are having fun. Good sir. Good sir. Good sir. So guys right now I'm going to flip fifty six. So guys right now I'm going to flip fifty six. So guys right now I'm going to flip fifty six. See you See you See you are fine. are fine. are fine. Goodbye.  [laughs] So guys, did you enjoy it?   Hey, it's So guys, did you enjoy it?   Hey, it's So guys, did you enjoy it?   Hey, it's Chiku Chhabri's turn. Chiku Chhabri's turn. Chiku Chhabri's turn. Hey, Hey, Hey, now tell me what should I do?  How are you in this country now tell me what should I do?  How are you in this country now tell me what should I do?  How are you in this country ? ? ? And here you can see guys, our car And here you can see guys, our car And here you can see guys, our car is running the fastest and Badri is is running the fastest and Badri is is running the fastest and Badri is taking Raja at such a speed and Raja is taking Raja at such a speed and Raja is taking Raja at such a speed and Raja is not even falling, guys. not even falling, guys. not even falling, guys. What is the matter, sir. What is the matter, sir. What is the matter, sir. What is happening brother?   It What is happening brother?   It What is happening brother?   It seems Badri will kill Raja only after torturing him. seems Badri will kill Raja only after torturing him. seems Badri will kill Raja only after torturing him. And look brother, finally the king has fallen. And look brother, finally the king has fallen. And look brother, finally the king has fallen. Now Badri is also trying.  Let's see whether Now Badri is also trying.  Let's see whether Now Badri is also trying.  Let's see whether Badri can do it or not.  So far everything is Badri can do it or not.  So far everything is Badri can do it or not.  So far everything is going well.  And Badri is maintaining a good balance. going well.  And Badri is maintaining a good balance. going well.  And Badri is maintaining a good balance. And what is happening?  Badri also And what is happening?  Badri also And what is happening?  Badri also fell. fell. fell. Hey, is Chiku really that heavy? Hey, is Chiku really that heavy? Hey, is Chiku really that heavy? No, no, no, let me go.  [laughter] Let me go. me go.  [laughter] Let me go. me go.  [laughter] Let me go. My mother is waiting for me.   He is My mother is waiting for me.   He is My mother is waiting for me.   He is lying. Chuna why are you making the video, your brother, why are you making the video, your brother, why are you making the video, your brother, why are you making the video, why are you making the video, why are you making the video, hey run away, hey run away, look how happy Badwa is, look how happy Badwa is, look how happy Badwa is, hey are you moving away or will you eat the wild man's flower, hey are you moving away or will you eat the wild man's flower, hey are you moving away or will you eat the wild man's flower, see, he will eat the wild man's flower to his heart's content, he is jealous, oh [ __ ] friend, no, this is not Dalpari, this is Dalpara. oh [ __ ] friend, no, this is not Dalpari, this is Dalpara. oh [ __ ] friend, no, this is not Dalpari, this is Dalpara. This is a corpse.  Hey, it's a corpse. This is a corpse.  Hey, it's a corpse. This is a corpse.  Hey, it's a corpse. So guys, we're going to go to the biggest So guys, we're going to go to the biggest So guys, we're going to go to the biggest slide right now.  Look how big this slide is.   It's going to be a slide right now.  Look how big this slide is.   It's going to be a slide right now.  Look how big this slide is.   It's going to be a lot of fun and I'm also feeling scared. lot of fun and I'm also feeling scared. lot of fun and I'm also feeling scared. And only four people can go in this slide. And only four people can go in this slide. And only four people can go in this slide. Jagchi is not allowed inside this slide. Jagchi is not allowed inside this slide. Jagchi is not allowed inside this slide. We are very excited.  Let's see We are very excited.  Let's see We are very excited.  Let's see what happens.  The slide is at a very high altitude. what happens.  The slide is at a very high altitude. what happens.  The slide is at a very high altitude. Now we will have to walk.  So guys, Now we will have to walk.  So guys, Now we will have to walk.  So guys, wait now what will happen.  Wow wait now what will happen.  Wow wait now what will happen.  Wow beautiful. beautiful. beautiful. So guys, there is so much crowd but So guys, there is so much crowd but So guys, there is so much crowd but come up to the top floor.  I also don't know, come up to the top floor.  I also don't know, come up to the top floor.  I also don't know, look this is the seventh or eighth floor. look this is the seventh or eighth floor. look this is the seventh or eighth floor. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Hey friend, I am worried.  It's been so long now, Hey friend, I am worried.  It's been so long now, Hey friend, I am worried.  It's been so long now, look down there is a line all the way down. look down there is a line all the way down. look down there is a line all the way down. Good.  Oh my god, the line is so long. Good.  Oh my god, the line is so long. Good.  Oh my god, the line is so long. Oh [ __ ], man. Oh [ __ ], man. Oh [ __ ], man. When will the number come?  It's also getting late. When will the number come?  It's also getting late. When will the number come?  It's also getting late. Good sir.   It is about to be time.  It will Good sir.   It is about to be time.  It will Good sir.   It is about to be time.  It will not be possible. not be possible. not be possible. Come on brother. Come on brother. Come on brother. But the time has come.  Get Let's Go. But the time has come.  Get Let's Go. But the time has come.  Get Let's Go. Hey, I'm having fun, basically. Hey, I'm having fun, basically. Hey, I'm having fun, basically. Oh brother, what fun it is.  Hey, look at Oh brother, what fun it is.  Hey, look at Oh brother, what fun it is.  Hey, look at Sumit's face.  Everyone is feeling very scared. Sumit's face.  Everyone is feeling very scared. Sumit's face.  Everyone is feeling very scared. Look how happy he is. Look how happy he is. Look how happy he is. Our parents know, do whatever you want. Our parents know, do whatever you want. Our parents know, do whatever you want. Send it to the police.  To the police. Send it to the police.  To the police. Send it to the police.  To the police. Mom also knows.  His father also knows. Mom also knows.  His father also knows. Mom also knows.  His father also knows. So finally we have a smooth landing. So finally we have a smooth landing. So finally we have a smooth landing. So tell me guys how did you like this slide of ours. So tell me guys how did you like this slide of ours. So tell me guys how did you like this slide of ours. So guys, now we're going to go to this slide So guys, now we're going to go to this slide So guys, now we're going to go to this slide and see what and see what and see what reaction we get.  I am very scared guys.  Let go. reaction we get.  I am very scared guys.  Let go. reaction we get.  I am very scared guys.  Let go. So first of all I took it to So first of all I took it to So first of all I took it to Gotiya Dada. Gotiya Dada. Gotiya Dada. Now you are gone son.  Now you are gone and see. So now it is Dhoni sir's turn.  Hey, start the car. So now it is Dhoni sir's turn.  Hey, start the car. So now it is Dhoni sir's turn.  Hey, start the car. What is it?  His hairstyle became like that of a rooster. What is it?  His hairstyle became like that of a rooster. What is it?  His hairstyle became like that of a rooster. So now it's Chhappan and Badri's turn.  This madam will So now it's Chhappan and Badri's turn.  This madam will So now it's Chhappan and Badri's turn.  This madam will just press one button and Chhappan will go straight into the just press one button and Chhappan will go straight into the just press one button and Chhappan will go straight into the underworld. underworld. underworld. End.   Oh no no guys, End.   Oh no no guys, End.   Oh no no guys, I was just joking.  The I was just joking.  The I was just joking.  The name of this light is Capsule.  Here name of this light is Capsule.  Here name of this light is Capsule.  Here Chhappan is a little scary because Chhappan is a little scary because Chhappan is a little scary because not everyone can go inside it. not everyone can go inside it. not everyone can go inside it. Went. Went. Went. And this is our Badri Bhaiya.   It And this is our Badri Bhaiya.   It And this is our Badri Bhaiya.   It is very hot. is very hot. is very hot. Guys, how much of a crown.  There Guys, how much of a crown.  There Guys, how much of a crown.  There is so much crowd.  Look at this. is so much crowd.  Look at this. is so much crowd.  Look at this. Look, look, guys.  Look, oh Look, look, guys.  Look, oh Look, look, guys.  Look, oh my God, so much water, we're going to go my God, so much water, we're going to go my God, so much water, we're going to go over the slide.  Let's see, it's going to be a lot of fun.  Let's over the slide.  Let's see, it's going to be a lot of fun.  Let's over the slide.  Let's see, it's going to be a lot of fun.  Let's see from where we will see from where we will see from where we will fight the storm and the helicopter will come and save us. fight the storm and the helicopter will come and save us. fight the storm and the helicopter will come and save us. Look guys, Badri is in such a hurry to Look guys, Badri is in such a hurry to Look guys, Badri is in such a hurry to leave.  It seems as if we are leave.  It seems as if we are leave.  It seems as if we are climbing the stairs of the temple. climbing the stairs of the temple. climbing the stairs of the temple. Hey hey, where did this water come from?   This is what happens Hey hey, where did this water come from?   This is what happens Hey hey, where did this water come from?   This is what happens here.   Let's go here.   Let's go here.   Let's go upstairs and see what reaction we get. upstairs and see what reaction we get. upstairs and see what reaction we get. So Guy's making an entry through the Jag slide. So Guy's making an entry through the Jag slide. So Guy's making an entry through the Jag slide. We are all going to slide together We are all going to slide together We are all going to slide together and and and we have kept the mobile at risk for you.  So don't let the video we have kept the mobile at risk for you.  So don't let the video we have kept the mobile at risk for you.  So don't let the video stop you from liking, sharing and subscribing. stop you from liking, sharing and subscribing. stop you from liking, sharing and subscribing. got it.   Let's got it.   Let's got it.   Let's go to the top, guys. go to the top, guys. go to the top, guys. What speaks above all? What speaks above all? What speaks above all? Get up.   I Get up.   I Get up.   I swear on my mother. We all entered inside the same slide.  It seems We all entered inside the same slide.  It seems We all entered inside the same slide.  It seems everyone is going to be hit with a stick everyone is going to be hit with a stick everyone is going to be hit with a stick from behind.  Whoever is sitting in front will not be hit. from behind.  Whoever is sitting in front will not be hit. from behind.  Whoever is sitting in front will not be hit. This is the first place in the Gotiya.   Let's This is the first place in the Gotiya.   Let's This is the first place in the Gotiya.   Let's see who gets a good welcome. see who gets a good welcome. see who gets a good welcome. Brother, I was sitting in the flight but it became a Brother, I was sitting in the flight but it became a Brother, I was sitting in the flight but it became a kicking and punching machine and I got so many kicks from behind, guys. kicking and punching machine and I got so many kicks from behind, guys. So guys, we're about to go on a So guys, we're about to go on a So guys, we're about to go on a big ship, here it is.  And there's a storm on this ship, big ship, here it is.  And there's a storm on this ship, big ship, here it is.  And there's a storm on this ship, guys.  So now we are going to go in this ship. guys.  So now we are going to go in this ship. guys.  So now we are going to go in this ship. Look, water is also coming from above. Look, water is also coming from above. Look, water is also coming from above. So let's quickly climb up.  Come on, come on. So let's quickly climb up.  Come on, come on. So let's quickly climb up.  Come on, come on. So it's called a ship's wheel.  Which is used to So it's called a ship's wheel.  Which is used to So it's called a ship's wheel.  Which is used to handle the ship.  Hey, but there's a handle the ship.  Hey, but there's a handle the ship.  Hey, but there's a big storm coming here, guys.  Hey, a big storm coming here, guys.  Hey, a big storm coming here, guys.  Hey, a big boundary has come.  Move out.  Come, come, big boundary has come.  Move out.  Come, come, big boundary has come.  Move out.  Come, come, save it from drowning. save it from drowning. save it from drowning. Or hold it and drive it. Or hold it and drive it. Or hold it and drive it. What kind of people live here, friend? What kind of people live here, friend? What kind of people live here, friend? So guys, our boat is stuck here.  So So guys, our boat is stuck here.  So So guys, our boat is stuck here.  So we are getting it out somehow. we are getting it out somehow. we are getting it out somehow. What did America say?  What are you? What did America say?  What are you? What did America say?  What are you? Today we ask, what are you?   I will Today we ask, what are you?   I will Today we ask, what are you?   I will fix it right now guys. fix it right now guys. fix it right now guys. After coming out of the storm, we started playing After coming out of the storm, we started playing After coming out of the storm, we started playing Holi and that too with such a big water gun. Holi and that too with such a big water gun. Holi and that too with such a big water gun. Do you also want this squirt gun? Do you also want this squirt gun? Do you also want this squirt gun? But for that you will have to come to the water park. But for that you will have to come to the water park. But for that you will have to come to the water park. So guys, the water there is very deep, like the So guys, the water there is very deep, like the So guys, the water there is very deep, like the ocean, so let me go swimming there. ocean, so let me go swimming there. ocean, so let me go swimming there. Come on [screaming sound] Come on [screaming sound] Come on [screaming sound] So guys, I'm the world's largest So guys, I'm the world's largest So guys, I'm the world's largest mermaid. mermaid. mermaid. Guys look Jalpara, Guys look Jalpara, Guys look Jalpara, what are you having to see all this? what are you having to see all this? what are you having to see all this? Save me Dhoni sir, save me. Save me Dhoni sir, save me. Save me Dhoni sir, save me. Hey, stop the drama.   I survived. Hey, stop the drama.   I survived. Hey Hey Hey hey why are you coming back? hey why are you coming back? hey why are you coming back? So guys, how crowded is it?  Look at this. So guys, how crowded is it?  Look at this. So guys, how crowded is it?  Look at this. What has happened? What has happened? What has happened? I am going to go inside it now. I am going to go inside it now. I am going to go inside it now. And its name is Wave Pool.  Waves emanating from it. And its name is Wave Pool.  Waves emanating from it. And its name is Wave Pool.  Waves emanating from it. People were picked up and thrown down. People were picked up and thrown down. People were picked up and thrown down. So let's dance a little now. So let's dance a little now. So let's dance a little now. This Badri is dancing while holding Chhappan. This Badri is dancing while holding Chhappan. This Badri is dancing while holding Chhappan. My heart remembers you every moment [Music] My love. love. love. So friends, you can see how many So friends, you can see how many So friends, you can see how many people there are and how much crowd there is here. As soon as this dance ended, we tried to As soon as this dance ended, we tried to As soon as this dance ended, we tried to get into the water. Hey, where have everyone gone?  No one is visible.   Do Hey, where have everyone gone?  No one is visible.   Do Hey, where have everyone gone?  No one is visible.   Do n't do this my love. n't do this my love. n't do this my love. And Jagga also did scuba diving here. And Jagga also did scuba diving here. And Jagga also did scuba diving here. depression. depression. depression. He has gone crazy, Baba. He has gone crazy, Baba. He has gone crazy, Baba. So guys, some kids were So guys, some kids were So guys, some kids were troubling us a lot.  You were saying that troubling us a lot.  You were saying that troubling us a lot.  You were saying that you are a YouTuber.  You are a YouTuber.  To whom did we you are a YouTuber.  You are a YouTuber.  To whom did we you are a YouTuber.  You are a YouTuber.  To whom did we say yes?  So we said no, we are not YouTubers. say yes?  So we said no, we are not YouTubers. Ok. Ok. Ok. Oh my God.  He started making noise here also. Oh my God.  He started making noise here also. etc. Wow wow wow wow wow wow wow Wow wow wow wow wow wow wow Wow wow wow wow wow wow wow good son you are lucky good son you are lucky good son you are lucky darling What did America say, if What did America say, if What did America say, if I don't tell you then I don't tell you then I don't tell you then brother you will have to ask why is he getting angry, brother you will have to ask why is he getting angry, brother you will have to ask why is he getting angry, who is who is who is Baba Tillu [Music] Oh my God anything [Music] He was a man of a different level.   I enjoyed it and I enjoyed it and I enjoyed it and I want to give this enjoyment to every person in India.  Let us go. want to give this enjoyment to every person in India.  Let us go. want to give this enjoyment to every person in India.  Let us go. We all finished bathing but we We all finished bathing but we We all finished bathing but we saw that some special people were dancing here. saw that some special people were dancing here. saw that some special people were dancing here. [CHEEKING SOUND] So guys, it's evening. [CHEEKING SOUND] So guys, it's evening. [CHEEKING SOUND] So guys, it's evening. Now we are going to leave from here. Now we are going to leave from here. Now we are going to leave from here. Hey, you must have understood. Hey, you must have understood. Hey, you must have understood. What is this? What is this? What is this? Let's change now guys.  I have had enough Let's change now guys.  I have had enough Let's change now guys.  I have had enough fun. fun. fun. Good. Good. Good. Now it seems like stomach worship. Now it seems like stomach worship. Now it seems like stomach worship. Come on brother.   Come here Come on brother.   Come here Come on brother.   Come here Alia.  Son, don't run away. Alia.  Son, don't run away. Alia.  Son, don't run away. Hey, it will be fun. Hey, it will be fun. Hey, it will be fun. So what will you guys eat?  make order. So what will you guys eat?  make order. So what will you guys eat?  make order. Sir, please just order a sandwich for us. Sir, please just order a sandwich for us. Sir, please just order a sandwich for us. Ok.  Waiter Ok.  Waiter Ok.  Waiter ji, please say sir. ji, please say sir. ji, please say sir. Bring them a sandwich. Bring them a sandwich. Bring them a sandwich. And something for you too? For me, it's pizza, burgers, Manchurian, For me, it's pizza, burgers, Manchurian, For me, it's pizza, burgers, Manchurian, noodles.  And yes, noodles.  And yes, noodles.  And yes, bring the best or most expensive thali here.  Go. Ok sir.  I enjoyed it brother.  Had fun. Ok sir.  I enjoyed it brother.  Had fun. Ok sir.  I enjoyed it brother.  Had fun. This This This because I can't curse. because I can't curse. because I can't curse. No, don't abuse. No, don't abuse. No, don't abuse. Family sees family.  Otherwise, if I abuse you like this Family sees family.  Otherwise, if I abuse you like this Family sees family.  Otherwise, if I abuse you like this , if I abuse you like this, you will , if I abuse you like this, you will , if I abuse you like this, you will remember it for the rest of your life when you grow up. remember it for the rest of your life when you grow up. remember it for the rest of your life when you grow up. We will show, we will do this, we will do that, we We will show, we will do this, we will do that, we We will show, we will do this, we will do that, we will do this, we will do that.  Look how happy he is will do this, we will do that.  Look how happy he is will do this, we will do that.  Look how happy he is becoming. becoming. becoming. Khacha Khacha Khacha Khacha Khacha Khacha Khacha Khacha Khacha Hey guys, otherwise we are ending this vlog here.  I we are ending this vlog here.  I we are ending this vlog here.  I hope you enjoyed this vlog a lot. hope you enjoyed this vlog a lot. hope you enjoyed this vlog a lot. Why has Chiku come Why has Chiku come Why has Chiku come or not? or not? or not? I had a lot of fun and it was my first I had a lot of fun and it was my first I had a lot of fun and it was my first time going to a water park. time going to a water park. time going to a water park. And yes friends, please do tell us in the comments where And yes friends, please do tell us in the comments where And yes friends, please do tell us in the comments where we should go next. we should go next. we should go next. So guys till then like this video So guys till then like this video So guys till then like this video , comment and subscribe to the channel.  Bye. , comment and subscribe to the channel.  Bye. , comment and subscribe to the channel.  Bye.