How did people manage to survive in the past How did people manage to survive in the past How did people manage to survive in the past ?  Okay, an hour later ?  Okay, an hour later ?  Okay, an hour later we'll take a look at the shoes.  And we'll take a look at the shoes.  And we'll take a look at the shoes.  And quite honestly, I only quite honestly, I only quite honestly, I only bought it because the price was right, and it bought it because the price was right, and it bought it because the price was right, and it was even cheaper than at Action.  They were available there for was even cheaper than at Action.  They were available there for was even cheaper than at Action.  They were available there for a while, too.  So, the a while, too.  So, the a while, too.  So, the inside of the shoe, yes, is so dry inside of the shoe, yes, is so dry inside of the shoe, yes, is so dry that it hardly that it hardly that it hardly shows anything anymore.  So, if anything, 5%. shows anything anymore.  So, if anything, 5%. shows anything anymore.  So, if anything, 5%. The question is, how does it feel?  There's The question is, how does it feel?  There's The question is, how does it feel?  There's nothing better than stepping into warm shoes nothing better than stepping into warm shoes nothing better than stepping into warm shoes .  The MOV is significantly .  The MOV is significantly .  The MOV is significantly reduced.  It must be said quite clearly that reduced.  It must be said quite clearly that reduced.  It must be said quite clearly that if you do that from the beginning, it wo if you do that from the beginning, it wo if you do that from the beginning, it wo n't even arise in the first place.  But for just a n't even arise in the first place.  But for just a n't even arise in the first place.  But for just a few bucks, I think it's a cool few bucks, I think it's a cool few bucks, I think it's a cool idea, and it certainly wo idea, and it certainly wo idea, and it certainly wo n't win any design awards, but n't win any design awards, but n't win any design awards, but it doesn't have to dry like shoes anymore. it doesn't have to dry like shoes anymore. it doesn't have to dry like shoes anymore. So, that's all for now.