Hi, welcome to the first official video Hi, welcome to the first official video Hi, welcome to the first official video in my new apartment. in my new apartment. in my new apartment. So, here's the thing. We've a lot of So, here's the thing. We've a lot of So, here's the thing. We've a lot of organizing to do. organizing to do. organizing to do. It's like 5:30 already. I got stuff to It's like 5:30 already. I got stuff to It's like 5:30 already. I got stuff to make dinner. make dinner. make dinner. Like I just like have not been in the Like I just like have not been in the Like I just like have not been in the mood to cook. And what I think it is is mood to cook. And what I think it is is mood to cook. And what I think it is is because of this weird food illness thing because of this weird food illness thing because of this weird food illness thing going around cuz all I want to eat is going around cuz all I want to eat is going around cuz all I want to eat is fruits and vegetables and lettuce and fruits and vegetables and lettuce and fruits and vegetables and lettuce and salad. salad. salad. And like I'm scared, but I have been And like I'm scared, but I have been And like I'm scared, but I have been eating arugula. So, I'm going to make an eating arugula. So, I'm going to make an eating arugula. So, I'm going to make an arugula salad for dinner. arugula salad for dinner. arugula salad for dinner. Actually, let me show you around. Actually, let me show you around. Actually, let me show you around. And this is like real and raw of like And this is like real and raw of like And this is like real and raw of like the things that we've got done. I didn't the things that we've got done. I didn't the things that we've got done. I didn't clean anything up and I have a lot to clean anything up and I have a lot to clean anything up and I have a lot to clean up. But, we're getting a lot done, clean up. But, we're getting a lot done, clean up. But, we're getting a lot done, okay? The kitchen, these are clean, just okay? The kitchen, these are clean, just okay? The kitchen, these are clean, just things that cannot be dishwashed. things that cannot be dishwashed. things that cannot be dishwashed. Um Um Um my ice machine all got stuck together, my ice machine all got stuck together, my ice machine all got stuck together, so I had to throw out all the ice and so I had to throw out all the ice and so I had to throw out all the ice and now I have no ice, but now I have no ice, but now I have no ice, but that's okay. This little nook besides that's okay. This little nook besides that's okay. This little nook besides the banana and the water. I'm loving my the banana and the water. I'm loving my the banana and the water. I'm loving my little nook right here. I think I want little nook right here. I think I want little nook right here. I think I want to get a real toaster. to get a real toaster. to get a real toaster. Um you guys have had this bottle of Um you guys have had this bottle of Um you guys have had this bottle of tequila since college graduation 4 years tequila since college graduation 4 years tequila since college graduation 4 years ago. And ago. And ago. And I don't know, I can't throw it out I don't know, I can't throw it out I don't know, I can't throw it out because it's like expensive, but also no because it's like expensive, but also no because it's like expensive, but also no one's going to drink it. Like I'm not one's going to drink it. Like I'm not one's going to drink it. Like I'm not drinking that. So, I'm leaving it out drinking that. So, I'm leaving it out drinking that. So, I'm leaving it out and whoever comes over next and whoever comes over next and whoever comes over next is going to get it as a gift. Let's see. is going to get it as a gift. Let's see. is going to get it as a gift. Let's see. So, George hung up these curtains, which So, George hung up these curtains, which So, George hung up these curtains, which are really, really nice. This is so much are really, really nice. This is so much are really, really nice. This is so much more clear than it used to be. These are more clear than it used to be. These are more clear than it used to be. These are my old bar stools. They actually look my old bar stools. They actually look my old bar stools. They actually look amazing. I got a bunch of deliveries, so amazing. I got a bunch of deliveries, so amazing. I got a bunch of deliveries, so I have stuff to put away. I have stuff to put away. I have stuff to put away. The couch, we're getting rid of, sadly. The couch, we're getting rid of, sadly. The couch, we're getting rid of, sadly. It just doesn't fit in the space. It just doesn't fit in the space. It just doesn't fit in the space. Obviously, we've already placed an order Obviously, we've already placed an order Obviously, we've already placed an order for another one. And then the bedroom, I for another one. And then the bedroom, I for another one. And then the bedroom, I would say we've made the most progress would say we've made the most progress would say we've made the most progress in. Hi new mirror spot. I've also had in. Hi new mirror spot. I've also had in. Hi new mirror spot. I've also had this mirror forever, and I think I'm this mirror forever, and I think I'm this mirror forever, and I think I'm keeping her. I wish it was like a little keeping her. I wish it was like a little keeping her. I wish it was like a little bit warmer. Like it's kind of like this bit warmer. Like it's kind of like this bit warmer. Like it's kind of like this gray color, but I really don't care gray color, but I really don't care gray color, but I really don't care right now. Um eventually, we will be right now. Um eventually, we will be right now. Um eventually, we will be replacing replacing replacing the nightstands. I don't know my the nightstands. I don't know my the nightstands. I don't know my thoughts on the bed. Like I just feel thoughts on the bed. Like I just feel thoughts on the bed. Like I just feel like it doesn't go with the vibe I'm like it doesn't go with the vibe I'm like it doesn't go with the vibe I'm going for. But I love my striped bed going for. But I love my striped bed going for. But I love my striped bed frame, so what I think we're going to do frame, so what I think we're going to do frame, so what I think we're going to do is store it at George's mom's house, and is store it at George's mom's house, and is store it at George's mom's house, and then when George and I buy a house in then when George and I buy a house in then when George and I buy a house in the future, we keep our bed frame. Like the future, we keep our bed frame. Like the future, we keep our bed frame. Like perfect idea, right? And this beautiful, perfect idea, right? And this beautiful, perfect idea, right? And this beautiful, beautiful dresser, I'm obsessed with it. beautiful dresser, I'm obsessed with it. beautiful dresser, I'm obsessed with it. We had a TaskRabbit.com do the TV, so We had a TaskRabbit.com do the TV, so We had a TaskRabbit.com do the TV, so now I can be all cozy in bed. And then now I can be all cozy in bed. And then now I can be all cozy in bed. And then also we did the same also we did the same also we did the same um what are these called? Curtains in um what are these called? Curtains in um what are these called? Curtains in here, but weirdly here, but weirdly here, but weirdly this side, so I bought like four packs this side, so I bought like four packs this side, so I bought like four packs of two. of two. of two. I don't know if you can tell, but they I don't know if you can tell, but they I don't know if you can tell, but they have oil stains all over them. Maybe it have oil stains all over them. Maybe it have oil stains all over them. Maybe it was this one where you could really see was this one where you could really see was this one where you could really see it. it. it. I feel like of course now you can't see I feel like of course now you can't see I feel like of course now you can't see it now. Okay, you can kind of see it. it now. Okay, you can kind of see it. it now. Okay, you can kind of see it. Not really. Like Not really. Like Not really. Like right here. It must have been like some right here. It must have been like some right here. It must have been like some sort of like corner. sort of like corner. sort of like corner. And then if you could tell up there, And then if you could tell up there, And then if you could tell up there, like I don't know. Really upset about like I don't know. Really upset about like I don't know. Really upset about that, also like grossed out, so we that, also like grossed out, so we that, also like grossed out, so we replaced those. We got to take those replaced those. We got to take those replaced those. We got to take those ones down because like ew. The bathroom ones down because like ew. The bathroom ones down because like ew. The bathroom is a mess. Like this is what I really is a mess. Like this is what I really is a mess. Like this is what I really need to tackle today because I've been need to tackle today because I've been need to tackle today because I've been getting annoyed that I can't find any of getting annoyed that I can't find any of getting annoyed that I can't find any of my products, so then I rummaged through my products, so then I rummaged through my products, so then I rummaged through this box, and then it just looks like this box, and then it just looks like this box, and then it just looks like that. And we did have to put a shower that. And we did have to put a shower that. And we did have to put a shower curtain up, which is also kind of crazy curtain up, which is also kind of crazy curtain up, which is also kind of crazy because they told us that they were because they told us that they were because they told us that they were putting glass in, and then they said putting glass in, and then they said putting glass in, and then they said that they weren't doing glass because it that they weren't doing glass because it that they weren't doing glass because it was a design and I'm like was a design and I'm like was a design and I'm like how can you just shower Like look, if we how can you just shower Like look, if we how can you just shower Like look, if we didn't have this, we were showering for didn't have this, we were showering for didn't have this, we were showering for a couple days without this. a couple days without this. a couple days without this. Like Like Like fully a tub. Like if we didn't put the fully a tub. Like if we didn't put the fully a tub. Like if we didn't put the curtain up, like water gets everywhere. curtain up, like water gets everywhere. curtain up, like water gets everywhere. They said they're eventually putting uh They said they're eventually putting uh They said they're eventually putting uh glass thing a glass door up. glass thing a glass door up. glass thing a glass door up. So that's fine. We couldn't wait So that's fine. We couldn't wait So that's fine. We couldn't wait anymore, so we ended up getting this anymore, so we ended up getting this anymore, so we ended up getting this shower curtain. Like wouldn't have been shower curtain. Like wouldn't have been shower curtain. Like wouldn't have been my first choice, but we just needed my first choice, but we just needed my first choice, but we just needed something for the temporary time being. something for the temporary time being. something for the temporary time being. Also taken over George's space. Does he Also taken over George's space. Does he Also taken over George's space. Does he have a whole mirror to himself? have a whole mirror to himself? have a whole mirror to himself? Absolutely not. He gets half a shelf, Absolutely not. He gets half a shelf, Absolutely not. He gets half a shelf, and that's kind of me. and that's kind of me. and that's kind of me. Like honestly, George doesn't really Like honestly, George doesn't really Like honestly, George doesn't really have that many products. The only other have that many products. The only other have that many products. The only other thing is like these thing is like these thing is like these these drawers are so nice that there's these drawers are so nice that there's these drawers are so nice that there's three of them, but they're a little bit three of them, but they're a little bit three of them, but they're a little bit shallow. So, I can't stick products shallow. So, I can't stick products shallow. So, I can't stick products upright, which is totally fine. I have a upright, which is totally fine. I have a upright, which is totally fine. I have a bunch of these that we're just going to bunch of these that we're just going to bunch of these that we're just going to have to figure out. I decided we're have to figure out. I decided we're have to figure out. I decided we're going to make dinner first and then going to make dinner first and then going to make dinner first and then organize. organize. organize. Honestly, not really feeling like Honestly, not really feeling like Honestly, not really feeling like organizing the bathroom right now organizing the bathroom right now organizing the bathroom right now because mentally I have to just like because mentally I have to just like because mentally I have to just like be in the zone, you know? My goal is to be in the zone, you know? My goal is to be in the zone, you know? My goal is to really just put everything away in that really just put everything away in that really just put everything away in that dresser so that I'm no longer living out dresser so that I'm no longer living out dresser so that I'm no longer living out of boxes and bags. Making this like of boxes and bags. Making this like of boxes and bags. Making this like Greek yogurt Greek yogurt Greek yogurt chicken that I keep seeing all over the chicken that I keep seeing all over the chicken that I keep seeing all over the place, but I have never tried it. You touch the raw chicken. But, we're freezing the other But, we're freezing the other But, we're freezing the other and being an adult, you know? and being an adult, you know? and being an adult, you know? I am very curious to see how this comes I am very curious to see how this comes I am very curious to see how this comes out, but apparently it makes it like out, but apparently it makes it like out, but apparently it makes it like moist and yummy. moist and yummy. moist and yummy. We will see about that. We will see about that. We will see about that. George is not here for the night, so I George is not here for the night, so I George is not here for the night, so I really want to go to bed early really want to go to bed early really want to go to bed early and have tea and then read my book. I and have tea and then read my book. I and have tea and then read my book. I feel like we've just been up late every feel like we've just been up late every feel like we've just been up late every single night doing so much stuff around single night doing so much stuff around single night doing so much stuff around the apartment. I'm making the girliest the apartment. I'm making the girliest the apartment. I'm making the girliest meal that he would probably never want meal that he would probably never want meal that he would probably never want to eat. to eat. to eat. I put way too much garlic powder and I put way too much garlic powder and I put way too much garlic powder and it's like flying up my nose. [snorts] it's like flying up my nose. [snorts] it's like flying up my nose. [snorts] I also really need to fill my salt and I also really need to fill my salt and I also really need to fill my salt and pepper shakers, pepper shakers, pepper shakers, but I keep putting it off. That's like but I keep putting it off. That's like but I keep putting it off. That's like the most annoying chore to do. Like, I the most annoying chore to do. Like, I the most annoying chore to do. Like, I never fill up my salt and pepper never fill up my salt and pepper never fill up my salt and pepper shakers. So, I just realized well, actually it So, I just realized well, actually it So, I just realized well, actually it looks pretty good. Honestly. looks pretty good. Honestly. looks pretty good. Honestly. But, it says that I should let it I But, it says that I should let it I But, it says that I should let it I should have let this sit for like 15 to should have let this sit for like 15 to should have let this sit for like 15 to 30 minutes, but like 30 minutes, but like 30 minutes, but like it's already almost 6:00. I don't feel it's already almost 6:00. I don't feel it's already almost 6:00. I don't feel like doing that. So, we're just going to like doing that. So, we're just going to like doing that. So, we're just going to put it in the air fryer. Um yeah, so we just went to do the Um yeah, so we just went to do the Um yeah, so we just went to do the dishes. dishes. dishes. And I sprayed myself. I grabbed this And I sprayed myself. I grabbed this And I sprayed myself. I grabbed this while the water was on, and I'm so not while the water was on, and I'm so not while the water was on, and I'm so not used to that because my old apartment used to that because my old apartment used to that because my old apartment and the nozzle came down. and the nozzle came down. and the nozzle came down. That's on me. That's on me. That's on me. That's on me. That's on me. That's on me. Okay, Okay, Okay, clean clothes. Learning ingredients. I clean clothes. Learning ingredients. I clean clothes. Learning ingredients. I just flipped the chicken. It's looking just flipped the chicken. It's looking just flipped the chicken. It's looking really good. And the peach is delicious. really good. And the peach is delicious. really good. And the peach is delicious. It's finally like It's finally like It's finally like prime peach season, and I feel like I prime peach season, and I feel like I prime peach season, and I feel like I need to go back and get a bunch of need to go back and get a bunch of need to go back and get a bunch of peaches and make like a peach cobbler. peaches and make like a peach cobbler. peaches and make like a peach cobbler. That used to be my favorite freaking That used to be my favorite freaking That used to be my favorite freaking dessert dessert dessert when I was younger. Like my mom would when I was younger. Like my mom would when I was younger. Like my mom would make it homemade. make it homemade. make it homemade. And I feel like I could slay a peach And I feel like I could slay a peach And I feel like I could slay a peach cobbler. Does that not look like a cobbler. Does that not look like a cobbler. Does that not look like a perfect chicken? perfect chicken? perfect chicken? Like wow. I literally slayed this Like wow. I literally slayed this Like wow. I literally slayed this chicken. It's so chicken. It's so chicken. It's so juicy. juicy. juicy. Wait, let's try the end piece. Mhm. Wow, wow. Bed of arugula, red Mhm. Wow, wow. Bed of arugula, red Mhm. Wow, wow. Bed of arugula, red onion, flaky salt, gorgeous peaches. onion, flaky salt, gorgeous peaches. onion, flaky salt, gorgeous peaches. Goat cheese. This is not Goat cheese. This is not Goat cheese. This is not really crumbling the way I would want it really crumbling the way I would want it really crumbling the way I would want it to. I guess I thought it was going to be to. I guess I thought it was going to be to. I guess I thought it was going to be more like feta. And pecans. more like feta. And pecans. more like feta. And pecans. And topping this with our gorgeous Greek And topping this with our gorgeous Greek And topping this with our gorgeous Greek yogurt chicken. yogurt chicken. yogurt chicken. Wow. I'm more hungry than I thought Wow. I'm more hungry than I thought Wow. I'm more hungry than I thought because now that I have this in front of because now that I have this in front of because now that I have this in front of me, I'm like, ooh, I cannot wait me, I'm like, ooh, I cannot wait me, I'm like, ooh, I cannot wait to eat this. to eat this. to eat this. We also have the Halls. [snorts] We also have the Halls. [snorts] We also have the Halls. [snorts] Halls or Howls? Howls? Best sparkling water legit ever. A lot Best sparkling water legit ever. A lot Best sparkling water legit ever. A lot of people don't like fruit in their of people don't like fruit in their of people don't like fruit in their salad. salad. salad. I'm not one of those people, clearly. I I'm not one of those people, clearly. I I'm not one of those people, clearly. I love fruit in my salad. Cheers. This is love fruit in my salad. Cheers. This is love fruit in my salad. Cheers. This is a big bite. a big bite. a big bite. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. I'll start making my chicken like this I'll start making my chicken like this I'll start making my chicken like this more often because, oh my god, more often because, oh my god, more often because, oh my god, so good. My ice machine is so loud. My ice machine is so loud. My ice machine is so loud. I was getting sucked into scrolling and I was getting sucked into scrolling and I was getting sucked into scrolling and we got to nip that in the bud because I we got to nip that in the bud because I we got to nip that in the bud because I have a problem. Let's clean up. I also have a problem. Let's clean up. I also have a problem. Let's clean up. I also can't wait to have a sweet treat. I now can't wait to have a sweet treat. I now can't wait to have a sweet treat. I now have so much more space in this have so much more space in this have so much more space in this apartment, so I have a What's the brand? apartment, so I have a What's the brand? apartment, so I have a What's the brand? I think it's a I think it's a I think it's a >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> No, no, no. It's a Ninja. I don't know. >> No, no, no. It's a Ninja. I don't know. >> No, no, no. It's a Ninja. I don't know. I got some ice cream I got some ice cream I got some ice cream machine. I don't even know why I'm machine. I don't even know why I'm machine. I don't even know why I'm telling you that because I don't have telling you that because I don't have telling you that because I don't have ice cream to make, but I was just ice cream to make, but I was just ice cream to make, but I was just thinking about it and I have it in a thinking about it and I have it in a thinking about it and I have it in a cupboard and I was like, "We cupboard and I was like, "We cupboard and I was like, "We I should like run to the store and make I should like run to the store and make I should like run to the store and make a recipe so then I could have it a recipe so then I could have it a recipe so then I could have it tomorrow night." Giving the rest of our tomorrow night." Giving the rest of our tomorrow night." Giving the rest of our juicy chicken. juicy chicken. juicy chicken. Fridge also needs major organizing. Fridge also needs major organizing. Fridge also needs major organizing. I'm going to just I'm obsessed with I'm going to just I'm obsessed with I'm going to just I'm obsessed with these. It's a literally just It's walnut these. It's a literally just It's walnut these. It's a literally just It's walnut date cake cubes. It's literally just date cake cubes. It's literally just date cake cubes. It's literally just walnut and dates smashed together. walnut and dates smashed together. walnut and dates smashed together. It's so good. Mhm. I love dates. I also have a garbage disposal in this I also have a garbage disposal in this I also have a garbage disposal in this apartment, which is a humongous deal. Okay, so the kitchen is clean. I still Okay, so the kitchen is clean. I still Okay, so the kitchen is clean. I still have to put the drawers away, but now have to put the drawers away, but now have to put the drawers away, but now that I have this idea in my head of that I have this idea in my head of that I have this idea in my head of making this healthy ice cream with my making this healthy ice cream with my making this healthy ice cream with my new NutriBullet ice cream maker, new NutriBullet ice cream maker, new NutriBullet ice cream maker, I feel I have to run to the store to get I feel I have to run to the store to get I feel I have to run to the store to get the ingredients so that I can enjoy it the ingredients so that I can enjoy it the ingredients so that I can enjoy it tomorrow and freeze it overnight and tomorrow and freeze it overnight and tomorrow and freeze it overnight and have this amazing treat. And like, have this amazing treat. And like, have this amazing treat. And like, you know, why move to New New City you know, why move to New New City you know, why move to New New City if it's not for the benefit of having if it's not for the benefit of having if it's not for the benefit of having convenience at all times. So, we're convenience at all times. So, we're convenience at all times. So, we're going to run to a little store. We going to run to a little store. We going to run to a little store. We actually already have most things. We actually already have most things. We actually already have most things. We just have to get vanilla pudding mix and just have to get vanilla pudding mix and just have to get vanilla pudding mix and Fairlife milk. Fairlife milk. Fairlife milk. Looks like they don't have Fairlife. Okay, we got the stuff. Okay, we got the stuff. Okay, we got the stuff. They didn't have vanilla pudding mix, They didn't have vanilla pudding mix, They didn't have vanilla pudding mix, but like but like but like time, we'll figure it out. I also don't time, we'll figure it out. I also don't time, we'll figure it out. I also don't think I have enough Greek yogurt think I have enough Greek yogurt think I have enough Greek yogurt to suffice for this. We got Chobani. to suffice for this. We got Chobani. to suffice for this. We got Chobani. I've actually never tried the Chobani I've actually never tried the Chobani I've actually never tried the Chobani Greek yogurt because I'm very loyal to Greek yogurt because I'm very loyal to Greek yogurt because I'm very loyal to my Fage Fage. Ingredients acquired. I'm my Fage Fage. Ingredients acquired. I'm my Fage Fage. Ingredients acquired. I'm so excited to try. so excited to try. so excited to try. Just washed my thing. Like the this is Just washed my thing. Like the this is Just washed my thing. Like the this is not necessary for me to do at all right not necessary for me to do at all right not necessary for me to do at all right now, but now, but now, but I really wanted to. I'm interested in I really wanted to. I'm interested in I really wanted to. I'm interested in the Chobani Greek yogurt. Like the Chobani Greek yogurt. Like the Chobani Greek yogurt. Like see what this is about. see what this is about. see what this is about. It's looking like a lot less thick It's looking like a lot less thick It's looking like a lot less thick than the Fage Fage. than the Fage Fage. than the Fage Fage. I really could have gone to another I really could have gone to another I really could have gone to another store and got the vanilla pudding. Let's store and got the vanilla pudding. Let's store and got the vanilla pudding. Let's see how this turns out. I was like, see how this turns out. I was like, see how this turns out. I was like, okay, we can't give in to the impulses okay, we can't give in to the impulses okay, we can't give in to the impulses more than we already have. Mhm. It's good, It's good, It's good, but I definitely taste a difference and but I definitely taste a difference and but I definitely taste a difference and I don't like it as much I don't like it as much I don't like it as much as the Fage. as the Fage. as the Fage. It's like It's like It's like more yogurty. I don't know how to explain it. Like I don't know how to explain it. Like I don't know how to explain it. Like it is still Greek yogurt, so like not it is still Greek yogurt, so like not it is still Greek yogurt, so like not hating it, but like hating it, but like hating it, but like really kind of weird. I've also never had Fairlife milk I've also never had Fairlife milk I've also never had Fairlife milk before. Okay, I feel like this is a before. Okay, I feel like this is a before. Okay, I feel like this is a pretty small portion pretty small portion pretty small portion they're making of this. This is 120 g, they're making of this. This is 120 g, they're making of this. This is 120 g, which is like half a cup. which is like half a cup. which is like half a cup. Which I put half a cup in my oats of Which I put half a cup in my oats of Which I put half a cup in my oats of milk, splash of vanilla extract. milk, splash of vanilla extract. milk, splash of vanilla extract. I'm going to do vanilla stevia. I'm going to do vanilla stevia. I'm going to do vanilla stevia. Just a pinch of salt and that's it. Just a pinch of salt and that's it. Just a pinch of salt and that's it. My favorite ice cream is like moose My favorite ice cream is like moose My favorite ice cream is like moose tracks, which let me explain this. I'm tracks, which let me explain this. I'm tracks, which let me explain this. I'm not the biggest peanut butter lover in not the biggest peanut butter lover in not the biggest peanut butter lover in the world. Like I don't like straight up the world. Like I don't like straight up the world. Like I don't like straight up peanut butter. Like peanut butter cups, peanut butter. Like peanut butter cups, peanut butter. Like peanut butter cups, obviously I love like skinny dipped. So obviously I love like skinny dipped. So obviously I love like skinny dipped. So and I just got a huge package from and I just got a huge package from and I just got a huge package from skinny dipped. So I think I'm going to skinny dipped. So I think I'm going to skinny dipped. So I think I'm going to chop up a bunch of things chop up a bunch of things chop up a bunch of things and put it in there after it's frozen. and put it in there after it's frozen. and put it in there after it's frozen. I'm like really intrigued by this. I I'm like really intrigued by this. I I'm like really intrigued by this. I feel like I missed out on the whole like feel like I missed out on the whole like feel like I missed out on the whole like ninja creamy ninja creamy ninja creamy virality moment. Okay, this smells virality moment. Okay, this smells virality moment. Okay, this smells really good. This is it. This just has to go in the This is it. This just has to go in the This is it. This just has to go in the freezer freezer freezer for 24 hours. for 24 hours. for 24 hours. So I'll let you know how this comes out. So I'll let you know how this comes out. So I'll let you know how this comes out. Okay, we're finally doing drawers. Okay, we're finally doing drawers. Okay, we're finally doing drawers. These are all my PJs. [snorts] Okay, These are all my PJs. [snorts] Okay, These are all my PJs. [snorts] Okay, well, not that. That's a random skirt. I well, not that. That's a random skirt. I well, not that. That's a random skirt. I don't know if I have that going in don't know if I have that going in don't know if I have that going in there. Believe I said this was me there. Believe I said this was me there. Believe I said this was me cutting back on my PJs. cutting back on my PJs. cutting back on my PJs. Like I know I have a really bad Like I know I have a really bad Like I know I have a really bad addiction. I don't want to have to addiction. I don't want to have to addiction. I don't want to have to refold all of these, but I feel like I refold all of these, but I feel like I refold all of these, but I feel like I kind of need to. kind of need to. kind of need to. I don't think they're going to all fit I don't think they're going to all fit I don't think they're going to all fit in one drawer, so I'm thinking in one drawer, so I'm thinking in one drawer, so I'm thinking we do we do we do long sleeve in one drawer and short long sleeve in one drawer and short long sleeve in one drawer and short sleeve in another. One drawer done. I did keep probably One drawer done. I did keep probably One drawer done. I did keep probably half of them in this bag because a lot half of them in this bag because a lot half of them in this bag because a lot of these Some of these I think I'm going of these Some of these I think I'm going of these Some of these I think I'm going to get rid of cuz I just don't need to get rid of cuz I just don't need to get rid of cuz I just don't need them. And then a lot of these are like them. And then a lot of these are like them. And then a lot of these are like seasonal, like fall and winter. I'm seasonal, like fall and winter. I'm seasonal, like fall and winter. I'm probably going to end up just putting probably going to end up just putting probably going to end up just putting them under my bed. them under my bed. them under my bed. But for now they're going there. But for now they're going there. But for now they're going there. We have skirts. I'm going to organize We have skirts. I'm going to organize We have skirts. I'm going to organize this by this by this by midi skirts. These are all midi length. midi skirts. These are all midi length. midi skirts. These are all midi length. And then minis and then like short And then minis and then like short And then minis and then like short shorts. It's how I fold my skirts, okay? shorts. It's how I fold my skirts, okay? shorts. It's how I fold my skirts, okay? So then they're all in the drawer facing So then they're all in the drawer facing So then they're all in the drawer facing up. I kind of fold my pajamas and up. I kind of fold my pajamas and up. I kind of fold my pajamas and t-shirts, anything that goes in drawers, t-shirts, anything that goes in drawers, t-shirts, anything that goes in drawers, this is how I fold it, okay? this is how I fold it, okay? this is how I fold it, okay? You want it to be perfect. You want it to be perfect. You want it to be perfect. Lay flat. I usually don't do all this. Lay flat. I usually don't do all this. Lay flat. I usually don't do all this. Like this is a little bit extra, but Like this is a little bit extra, but Like this is a little bit extra, but this is like kind of long and slippery this is like kind of long and slippery this is like kind of long and slippery material. So, make sure that it is even. material. So, make sure that it is even. material. So, make sure that it is even. We're going to fold this all the way up We're going to fold this all the way up We're going to fold this all the way up to the top, tuck in the sides, to the top, tuck in the sides, to the top, tuck in the sides, flip it again, flip it again, flip it again, and flip it again. and flip it again. and flip it again. So then, you're left with this gorgeous So then, you're left with this gorgeous So then, you're left with this gorgeous rectangle. And then, you can just place rectangle. And then, you can just place rectangle. And then, you can just place it in your drawer it in your drawer it in your drawer where it needs to go, and you can see where it needs to go, and you can see where it needs to go, and you can see everything. Once this fills up, it'll everything. Once this fills up, it'll everything. Once this fills up, it'll have more structure. Like right now, have more structure. Like right now, have more structure. Like right now, it's a little lopsided. Knee skirts. it's a little lopsided. Knee skirts. it's a little lopsided. Knee skirts. Obviously, I can't put stuff away Obviously, I can't put stuff away Obviously, I can't put stuff away without trying on. How sick? I don't without trying on. How sick? I don't without trying on. How sick? I don't even know if you could tell. It's this even know if you could tell. It's this even know if you could tell. It's this like very dark brown like very dark brown like very dark brown faux leather skirt from Kookai I just faux leather skirt from Kookai I just faux leather skirt from Kookai I just got in the mail today. got in the mail today. got in the mail today. As I was putting away my skirt drawer, As I was putting away my skirt drawer, As I was putting away my skirt drawer, oh my god, I can't wait to wear this in oh my god, I can't wait to wear this in oh my god, I can't wait to wear this in the fall. the fall. the fall. Shorts. This is as organized as it's Shorts. This is as organized as it's Shorts. This is as organized as it's going to get. Okay, my hair definitely going to get. Okay, my hair definitely going to get. Okay, my hair definitely needs to be washed. needs to be washed. needs to be washed. Well, actually, it really doesn't. Like Well, actually, it really doesn't. Like Well, actually, it really doesn't. Like I did just wash it, but I think probably I did just wash it, but I think probably I did just wash it, but I think probably just because I'm walking around so much, just because I'm walking around so much, just because I'm walking around so much, I feel like my hair is getting greasier I feel like my hair is getting greasier I feel like my hair is getting greasier faster. I also just like love having faster. I also just like love having faster. I also just like love having fresh hair. But, I'm going to the 7:00 fresh hair. But, I'm going to the 7:00 fresh hair. But, I'm going to the 7:00 a.m. SoulCycle class. Well, you know a.m. SoulCycle class. Well, you know a.m. SoulCycle class. Well, you know what? Yeah, I'm going to say that I'm what? Yeah, I'm going to say that I'm what? Yeah, I'm going to say that I'm going to the 7:00 a.m. and manifest it going to the 7:00 a.m. and manifest it going to the 7:00 a.m. and manifest it because I'm wait-listed number one, because I'm wait-listed number one, because I'm wait-listed number one, which means like which means like which means like I'm in. I'm in. I'm in. Which Can somebody explain to me why Which Can somebody explain to me why Which Can somebody explain to me why SoulCycle does this like silly little SoulCycle does this like silly little SoulCycle does this like silly little thing thing thing where they text people like, "Oh, a spot where they text people like, "Oh, a spot where they text people like, "Oh, a spot might have opened up. Press one to claim might have opened up. Press one to claim might have opened up. Press one to claim the spot." Even if you're not like the the spot." Even if you're not like the the spot." Even if you're not like the next in the waitlist. Like next in the waitlist. Like next in the waitlist. Like if I get that text and if I get that text and if I get that text and I'm like no like I got that text the I'm like no like I got that text the I'm like no like I got that text the other day. I was like literally number other day. I was like literally number other day. I was like literally number 12, and I was like, "Oh, one." And I got 12, and I was like, "Oh, one." And I got 12, and I was like, "Oh, one." And I got the spot. And I was like, "Oh, that's the spot. And I was like, "Oh, that's the spot. And I was like, "Oh, that's lit." But like if I'm number one in the lit." But like if I'm number one in the lit." But like if I'm number one in the waitlist, waitlist, waitlist, and then like I don't get the spot, like and then like I don't get the spot, like and then like I don't get the spot, like annoying. But anyways, I'm probably annoying. But anyways, I'm probably annoying. But anyways, I'm probably going to get in. So, then also like now going to get in. So, then also like now going to get in. So, then also like now being in New York, it's like fighting to being in New York, it's like fighting to being in New York, it's like fighting to the death to get into a workout class, the death to get into a workout class, the death to get into a workout class, which I didn't know. Like you really got which I didn't know. Like you really got which I didn't know. Like you really got to book that in advance. Here's our to book that in advance. Here's our to book that in advance. Here's our challenge. Completely showered before my challenge. Completely showered before my challenge. Completely showered before my tea kettle tea kettle tea kettle tea kettle goes off. I can't speak. This tea kettle goes off. I can't speak. This tea kettle goes off. I can't speak. This girl needs some self-tan. Saving my girl needs some self-tan. Saving my girl needs some self-tan. Saving my self-tanner with my moisturizer because self-tanner with my moisturizer because self-tanner with my moisturizer because you guys like to say that my face tanner you guys like to say that my face tanner you guys like to say that my face tanner is crusty. is crusty. is crusty. But you know what? I have to say to But you know what? I have to say to But you know what? I have to say to that, that, that, I would rather have a crusty tan I would rather have a crusty tan I would rather have a crusty tan than be pale. Sue me. That's my truth than be pale. Sue me. That's my truth than be pale. Sue me. That's my truth and I'm speaking it. and I'm speaking it. and I'm speaking it. Actually, someone did give me the hack Actually, someone did give me the hack Actually, someone did give me the hack of mixing the drops right into the of mixing the drops right into the of mixing the drops right into the moisturizer. Like I used to layer the moisturizer. Like I used to layer the moisturizer. Like I used to layer the two and I will say two and I will say two and I will say I owe that person a big fat kiss, I owe that person a big fat kiss, I owe that person a big fat kiss, whoever told me to do that because you whoever told me to do that because you whoever told me to do that because you were right. It does go on so much more were right. It does go on so much more were right. It does go on so much more even. How cute are these Dairy Boy PJs, even. How cute are these Dairy Boy PJs, even. How cute are these Dairy Boy PJs, freshly washed. freshly washed. freshly washed. Oh, but also I got a PR package from Oh, but also I got a PR package from Oh, but also I got a PR package from Glossier and the theme of it was I heart Glossier and the theme of it was I heart Glossier and the theme of it was I heart New York. And this one is the I heart New York. And this one is the I heart New York. And this one is the I heart New York balm.com. It's like an apple New York balm.com. It's like an apple New York balm.com. It's like an apple one and then they also had like a little one and then they also had like a little one and then they also had like a little apple keychain apple keychain apple keychain and I felt like it was fitting and I and I felt like it was fitting and I and I felt like it was fitting and I actually used the keychain for my new actually used the keychain for my new actually used the keychain for my new house keys cuz I was like, "Wait, house keys cuz I was like, "Wait, house keys cuz I was like, "Wait, perfect timing." perfect timing." perfect timing." Favorite tea. Yes, I have tea every Favorite tea. Yes, I have tea every Favorite tea. Yes, I have tea every night even if it's summer. This is the lavender mint from the brand This is the lavender mint from the brand This is the lavender mint from the brand Rishi and I was just in Whole Foods the Rishi and I was just in Whole Foods the Rishi and I was just in Whole Foods the other day and they actually have some other day and they actually have some other day and they actually have some really good flavors that I need to try. really good flavors that I need to try. really good flavors that I need to try. This is this new tea kettle is so nice, This is this new tea kettle is so nice, This is this new tea kettle is so nice, but it's massive but it's massive but it's massive and I always feel like I'm going to burn and I always feel like I'm going to burn and I always feel like I'm going to burn myself. myself. myself. Remind myself I'm out of my Remind myself I'm out of my Remind myself I'm out of my multivitamin, the women's health. multivitamin, the women's health. multivitamin, the women's health. And I didn't get today. And I didn't get today. And I didn't get today. But, I've been trying this Lummy Skin But, I've been trying this Lummy Skin But, I've been trying this Lummy Skin firming hydrating firming hydrating firming hydrating um um um hyaluronic acid. I don't even know. hyaluronic acid. I don't even know. hyaluronic acid. I don't even know. Honestly, I don't even care if it does Honestly, I don't even care if it does Honestly, I don't even care if it does anything or not because it tastes so anything or not because it tastes so anything or not because it tastes so good. It tastes like candy. good. It tastes like candy. good. It tastes like candy. Whoop. It literally tastes like a peach Whoop. It literally tastes like a peach Whoop. It literally tastes like a peach ring. Wait, because I'm impatient, I ring. Wait, because I'm impatient, I ring. Wait, because I'm impatient, I want to check on the yogurt mixture. I'm want to check on the yogurt mixture. I'm want to check on the yogurt mixture. I'm not going to try to mix it up. But, like it's already frozen. I'm going But, like it's already frozen. I'm going But, like it's already frozen. I'm going to try it. to try it. to try it. Never mind. Never mind. Never mind. Only the top of it is frozen. Let's make Only the top of it is frozen. Let's make Only the top of it is frozen. Let's make my oats. Okay, I think since I have this Fairlife Okay, I think since I have this Fairlife Okay, I think since I have this Fairlife milk, milk, milk, we're going to try it in my overnight we're going to try it in my overnight we're going to try it in my overnight oats. We're tucking them into bed. Bye-bye. 10:23. Honestly, Bye-bye. 10:23. Honestly, Bye-bye. 10:23. Honestly, not that bad. I would like to be asleep not that bad. I would like to be asleep not that bad. I would like to be asleep in the next hour. I'm finally going to in the next hour. I'm finally going to in the next hour. I'm finally going to pick back up on my book. I'm still pick back up on my book. I'm still pick back up on my book. I'm still reading The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. reading The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. reading The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Honestly, I would have been done with it Honestly, I would have been done with it Honestly, I would have been done with it because it started to get really good because it started to get really good because it started to get really good and I don't even remember the last thing and I don't even remember the last thing and I don't even remember the last thing I read was, but I have not picked up my I read was, but I have not picked up my I read was, but I have not picked up my Kindle in probably over a month. So, Kindle in probably over a month. So, Kindle in probably over a month. So, it's time to get back into it. I just it's time to get back into it. I just it's time to get back into it. I just like get into these habits where I'm like get into these habits where I'm like get into these habits where I'm scrolling every single night until I scrolling every single night until I scrolling every single night until I fall asleep. fall asleep. fall asleep. And I need to get back into reading And I need to get back into reading And I need to get back into reading because it's so much better for you and because it's so much better for you and because it's so much better for you and it feels so much better and I sleep it feels so much better and I sleep it feels so much better and I sleep better. And like the scrolling, I know I better. And like the scrolling, I know I better. And like the scrolling, I know I probably said a lot just because like probably said a lot just because like probably said a lot just because like recently it's been really bad for me and recently it's been really bad for me and recently it's been really bad for me and like like like I need to cut that Like we're I need to cut that Like we're I need to cut that Like we're done, okay? done, okay? done, okay? So, yeah. So, yeah. So, yeah. Going to read my book. Going to read my book. Going to read my book. Um my microwave I The thing is Um my microwave I The thing is Um my microwave I The thing is everything in this new apartment is so everything in this new apartment is so everything in this new apartment is so high-tech. high-tech. high-tech. I don't know how to use it. So, the I don't know how to use it. So, the I don't know how to use it. So, the microwave wasn't working and my tea got microwave wasn't working and my tea got microwave wasn't working and my tea got kind of cold. So, now I'm just drinking kind of cold. So, now I'm just drinking kind of cold. So, now I'm just drinking like lukewarm tea. Not really ideal, but like lukewarm tea. Not really ideal, but like lukewarm tea. Not really ideal, but for the life of me I could not figure for the life of me I could not figure for the life of me I could not figure out out out how to get the microwave to work and how to get the microwave to work and how to get the microwave to work and chat wasn't really helping me either. chat wasn't really helping me either. chat wasn't really helping me either. So, So, So, my building is probably sick of me my building is probably sick of me my building is probably sick of me emailing them, but I'm going to be like, emailing them, but I'm going to be like, emailing them, but I'm going to be like, "Hi, um "Hi, um "Hi, um teach me how to use this. Like, is it teach me how to use this. Like, is it teach me how to use this. Like, is it broken? Is it me? Like, what's up?" broken? Is it me? Like, what's up?" broken? Is it me? Like, what's up?" But anyways, But anyways, But anyways, I feel like I didn't organize as much as I feel like I didn't organize as much as I feel like I didn't organize as much as like I really anticipated it, but I like I really anticipated it, but I like I really anticipated it, but I still did a really good night. And yeah, still did a really good night. And yeah, still did a really good night. And yeah, I'm excited to be back into our flow of I'm excited to be back into our flow of I'm excited to be back into our flow of things. things. things. Things are finally starting to like get Things are finally starting to like get Things are finally starting to like get done. The TV for the other room and the done. The TV for the other room and the done. The TV for the other room and the media console comes in next week. No media console comes in next week. No media console comes in next week. No idea when the new couch is going to come idea when the new couch is going to come idea when the new couch is going to come in, in, in, but I'm not going to be impatient, so but I'm not going to be impatient, so but I'm not going to be impatient, so this is really like exposure therapy. this is really like exposure therapy. this is really like exposure therapy. And And And it's all work in progress. I need to it's all work in progress. I need to it's all work in progress. I need to remind myself. George said to me the remind myself. George said to me the remind myself. George said to me the other day that you need to enjoy the other day that you need to enjoy the other day that you need to enjoy the journey, journey, journey, which I don't do a lot because I always which I don't do a lot because I always which I don't do a lot because I always want the end product. And that was want the end product. And that was want the end product. And that was really good advice. really good advice. really good advice. If that helps someone else, like I If that helps someone else, like I If that helps someone else, like I really hope it does because really hope it does because really hope it does because I need to just like enjoy. Like, we're I need to just like enjoy. Like, we're I need to just like enjoy. Like, we're young, hot, engaged, and enjoying the young, hot, engaged, and enjoying the young, hot, engaged, and enjoying the journey of curating our dream apartment. journey of curating our dream apartment. journey of curating our dream apartment. So, we need to live in that moment. And So, we need to live in that moment. And So, we need to live in that moment. And honestly, honestly, honestly, being there makes me feel better. being there makes me feel better. being there makes me feel better. So, So, So, yeah. yeah. yeah. Happy Friday. I love you guys. Trying to Happy Friday. I love you guys. Trying to Happy Friday. I love you guys. Trying to get back on track. Trying to get back on get back on track. Trying to get back on get back on track. Trying to get back on track to our weekly upload. So, thank track to our weekly upload. So, thank track to our weekly upload. So, thank you for watching and I love you.