Good morning, the day before Nag Panchami is my Good morning, the day before Nag Panchami is my Good morning, the day before Nag Panchami is my brother's fast. Today I am also fasting. brother's fast. Today I am also fasting. brother's fast. Today I am also fasting. Let's get ready first, worship God Let's get ready first, worship God Let's get ready first, worship God and then do all the other work. and then do all the other work. and then do all the other work. I am fasting and she didn't want to have I am fasting and she didn't want to have I am fasting and she didn't want to have breakfast either. So I just wanted to breakfast either. So I just wanted to breakfast either. So I just wanted to make something for Manu, so make something for Manu, so make something for Manu, so I made instant oats for her, which is healthy and just as good I made instant oats for her, which is healthy and just as good I made instant oats for her, which is healthy and just as good .  I haven't been fasting at all for the past two years .  I haven't been fasting at all for the past two years .  I haven't been fasting at all for the past two years because pregnancy, because pregnancy, because pregnancy, delivery, and breastfeeding left delivery, and breastfeeding left delivery, and breastfeeding left me with no energy to me with no energy to me with no energy to fast, and even now, fast, and even now, fast, and even now, I only fast very sparingly.   The first one was I only fast very sparingly.   The first one was Manu's video call with Nana in the afternoon, and these days Manu's video call with Nana in the afternoon, and these days Manu's video call with Nana in the afternoon, and these days we all want to talk on video calls, we all want to talk on video calls, we all want to talk on video calls, so we have video calls with Aaji, Baba, Nana, Maushi, so we have video calls with Aaji, Baba, Nana, Maushi, so we have video calls with Aaji, Baba, Nana, Maushi, Mama Savi at least once a day. After that, Mama Savi at least once a day. After that, Mama Savi at least once a day. After that, I went to I went to I went to get the bell. My friend had already put it get the bell. My friend had already put it get the bell. My friend had already put it away, so I away, so I away, so I picked it up at her house and picked it up at her house and picked it up at her house and started coming home after that.  Now she knows that I started coming home after that.  Now she knows that I started coming home after that.  Now she knows that I buy a lot of trees, so she not only gave me this buy a lot of trees, so she not only gave me this buy a lot of trees, so she not only gave me this crushed tree, but also this tree. When she crushed tree, but also this tree. When she crushed tree, but also this tree. When she went to Anandi, I went to Anandi, I went to Anandi, I also told her about this idol of Mahadev and that also told her about this idol of Mahadev and that also told her about this idol of Mahadev and that I will pay for it because if God comes I will pay for it because if God comes I will pay for it because if God comes home with a gift from someone, then it would be so much home with a gift from someone, then it would be so much home with a gift from someone, then it would be so much trouble because if trouble because if trouble because if we don't have a carry bag, we don't have a carry bag, we don't have a carry bag, Pikuchi will cut it into 100 pieces. Pikuchi will cut it into 100 pieces. Along with preparing the evening meal, I also made lahiyas here for Nagpunchami, Along with preparing the evening meal, I also made lahiyas here for Nagpunchami, Along with preparing the evening meal, I also made lahiyas here for Nagpunchami, and these lahiyas turned out really well and these lahiyas turned out really well and these lahiyas turned out really well and were ready in just an hour or two and were ready in just an hour or two and were ready in just an hour or two .  Now, .  Now, .  Now, if you have a daughter, you will if you have a daughter, you will if you have a daughter, you will definitely relate that whenever there is a festival, definitely relate that whenever there is a festival, definitely relate that whenever there is a festival, she would have to apply the mehendi before me she would have to apply the mehendi before me she would have to apply the mehendi before me and even have it dried by her father. and even have it dried by her father. and even have it dried by her father. I had applied the mehendi in a very simple way, but as soon as I did all that, it was I had applied the mehendi in a very simple way, but as soon as I did all that, it was I had applied the mehendi in a very simple way, but as soon as I did all that, it was twelve o'clock and that was how the twelve o'clock and that was how the twelve o'clock and that was how the day went. Let's go.