[MUSIC] Get
ready, everybody. The enemy can attack at any time.
But Sardar, who is our enemy? The one who is
not our friend.
But brother, who is not our friend? The one who is
our enemy.
But who is our enemy? The one who is
not our friend. But
who is not a friend of ours? What will you ask us?
Sardar, please ask.
[music] Do
n't underestimate the enemy. Those people have a
lot of weapons.
Why are you taking tension Sardar? I have the
biggest sword.
What will he uproot with the sword? Those guys have a
lot of guns. There are big cannons.
Why are you forgetting, Sardar?
We are the only people who are feared in this forest. Still, don't underestimate your
enemies. Those people
are very powerful. Can attack anytime.
Attacked. Everyone, pick up your
sharp bow. Pick up the spear. [laughter] I wo
n't leave anyone alive today. Why did you shoot
?
Hey sir, he was trying a little. Let
us try.
Hey sir, please don't try. Otherwise my
head will get fried.
Remember one thing. Those people should not be shot.
Those people just have to be scared and
driven away from the forest.
Ok sir.
Sardar, no one is visible in the forest.
Who attacked?
That is it. Bandhu ji Sardar, look at the thief and the weak on the stomach, can
anyone be seen. Okay
Sardar.
Yes, Sardar Three, someone is hiding behind a tree.
Okay, aim at the
chests of all three.
Enough of that. wait.
We have not come here to fight with you people.
So what have you come to do? I have come to make a deal.
Deal? What kind of deal? Come let's sit and talk.
[Music] If
I didn't come here to fight, then
where are I fighting?
Where is yours?
Here we sit. Get up from here.
So where are we sitting?
On my forehead.
Hey, what is he doing? That's why he
said I have to sit on the forehead.
Hold on then just
sit down. [laughter] Come, sir, sit here.
Tell me what do you want to talk about? We
want to build a factory in this forest. Factory
[laughs] There's so much real tree here.
Cannot be seen. What will you do after building a factory
? Hey, that's not a factory,
we want to build a power plant in this forest.
What will the power plant do with it? This will bring
light to every poor person's home.
What is the need to build a power plant to provide light
? Such a big sun is not visible. The
sun provides light during the day and the
power plant will also provide light at night. Well,
this is a very good thing. We can build a plant
but for that all these trees will have to be cut down. Will
cut it. Just cut down this entire
tree.
No, I will kill you if you
talk about the tree's thorns. This forest is our home
and these trees and plants are our parents.
One Jhab will die. These trees and plants have created you people.
No, trees and plants have kept us alive. By
giving oxygen. If you also want to stay alive
then go the same way you came.
If you don't agree then he will grind you and listen to the song. Take it
son.
The bastard will cut the tree.
Thank you
Brother, I am saved,
Sardar, you go to the mountain near the waterfall,
keep an eye on the entire forest from there, if you
see any city man, inform us immediately, okay Sardar, let's
go
These wild people are very dangerous.
Sir
yes
why do you want to build a power plant in this forest
? There is more space.
Hey, we get a lot of profit by building a power plant in the forest.
How is that?
This is a very big river next to the forest. The
tension of water is over. And there is a coal mine
nearby. The tension regarding coal is also over.
Once a power plant is built in this forest, it will
only benefit us.
Hey sir, all that is fine but
who will explain it to the wild people? There is
a man who can drive these wild people out of the forest.
Who is it?
Bagad badge.
Hey, who are you guys?
And where is this sweeper of mine sitting in the field
? This field is mine. Shut up and run away from here.
Hey uncle, don't shout too much. We have
not come to occupy your land. I have come to
buy it with respect by paying money. Have you come to
buy it? But we do not have to sell any land.
Let's run away from here. Hey
uncle, don't make too much noise.
Bagd Billa is sitting in front of you. I recognize him.
What is there to recognize in this? From the name itself it is clear that it
is Bagdad.
wait. Put
the gun down. Let's talk.
Look uncle, we have
not come here to fight with you. I have come to play with your land with respect.
Therefore, please give us this land with respect.
Otherwise they will insult you and take you away. Did
n't understand the meaning? Hey, I understood this. Take this
money and keep it. This land is worth Rs 40 lakh
but we are giving you Rs 50 lakh. Go and be
happy.
Now you guys quickly call the engineer and
start working here.
Okay Billa brother.
Who are you? And what kind of perfume did you wear
? The whole thing smells bad.
Billa Bhai, its perfume is not smelling.
Look there, her perfume is smelling.
Hey, as soon as he bought the land, he came to apply fertilizer. This guy will run away to his
house.
Now tell me who are you? And why have you come here?
We have to build a power plant in the forest.
Yes, go and make it.
But there are some wild people living there who are
not allowing us to build the park plant.
What should we do in this? You are the only one who can
drive the wild people out of the forest.
Well, the wild people have to be driven out of the forest.
Yes.
This is a child's play for me.
But brother, this is your right hand. White
catches the bastard. This is my left-handed game.
Vikram
ji brother.
Look at the clock, what time is it? There is a clock above.
Hey, the clock isn't up. The clock is here.
Look how much time is passing. It's
12:00, brother. It's 12:00. The
entire forest will be empty by 2:00 pm. Come on.
1 second.
But what will be my benefit in this? You will
get as much money as you want. Okay,
your work will be done. Come on.
Now everybody has to be alert. All those people have their
eyes on our forest. Those people will not
sit quiet. So everyone be ready. Do
n't worry Sardar. Whatever happens,
we will not let this forest be cut.
Wow, that's all the passion you need.
And what the hell are you doing?
We are not afraid of anyone's attack. They are scratching my ass with a
sword. I have
given you this sword to scratch your ass.
So what are you giving it for?
Given to separate the enemy's head from the body.
Okay Sardar. But we keep scratching until the enemy comes. You
bastard, you will never improve. [MUSIC]
All those people are coming. I will have to tell the Sardar. Come fast.
Sardar Sardar Sardar, are those city people coming
? Yes, our enemy is coming, everyone get
ready.
Where the hell did this head come from? Circle everyone.
Play it again.
What is this cat doing with the lion
? Why are you playing with the cat?
Sorry brother, sorry.
Play the lion. Let's play it now.
Sometimes it's a lion's sound, sometimes it's a
cat's sound. There must be something wrong.
Play it again.
Hey brother, what will you play now? The wild people ran away.
Seen good [music]? I told you so. Driving away these wild people is a child's
play for me. Brother, this is your
right hand. It's a left-handed game. It
's fine now? Yes. The bastard catches the point.
Listen, keep my money ready. The war drove the people away
from the place. Come on. The
bastard hasn't run away yet. Full in 5 minutes.
Listen, man. We give you guys 1 hour's time.
Vikram
ji brother.
Look at the clock, what time is it? There is a clock above.
Hey, the clock isn't up. The clock is here.
Look what time it is. It's
1:00, brother.
Well, it's 1:00 now. This
forest should be empty by 2:00 pm. Otherwise something
very bad will happen to you people. I have played this
lion and cat game enough. Now get ready to die.
Attack the
bastard.
Or
what?
Forest
Wow
Saale jungle log toh bahut khatar hai. Hey
Billa Bhai, look ahead.
Brother brother brother
[Music] I've got the
bag.
Well, show it.
Keep it, [ __ ]. Hey, this is not meant to cover the stuff on top.
So to cover the stuff underneath.
Throw it away.
Hey Sir, suppose the people of Bagad Villa
drive away the forest, then
how will we clear the forest in such a short time? According to the agreement,
we have to open the plant in 2027.
Hey, don't worry about that.
We have ordered 50 JCBs,
25 road rollers and a lot of tree
cutting machines to clear the forest. Which will
complete years of work in months.
Sardar, what will we do if these city people bring all these machines
? That is it. Damn,
something will have to be done about all this lockup.
Sir, the rice mill is completely ready.
You have to cut the empty pita.
All that is fine but
what happened to the plant project? A
fund of Rs 500 crore has been taken for this.
Hey sir, we tried a lot but
these wild people are not ready to leave the forest.
Well, what will happen now?
But you don't worry. This time Bagd
Billa has been sent. He will
drive away the wild people from the forest in a jiffy.
Now who is this?
This is the Bagad Billa. What happened? He
drove the wild people out of the forest? No, we are coming running
ourselves. Those wild
people are very dangerous. We won't be able to do it.
Okay
[music] There you go, it wo
n't happen now. How can there not be all this money
? It will definitely happen. It will definitely happen.
Just give us one more chance. This time we will
go with complete preparation.
Bill, you don't have to go.
Look over there. He is coming himself.
Now who are these people?
These are the wild people.
Wait, we'll talk to these guys.
Listen, we'll give you guys a place to live. We will give you a
house, clothes, rags, everything.
Just you guys clear that forest. There
is still a lot of space to build the plant. But why are you guys after our forest only
? What harm have we done to you
?
What have you made so far? The bastard lives in the forest.
Lives like an animal. It is
better to die than this.
Hey, no matter where we live, everyone has the right to live.
Who are you guys to
say such things? Sardar, why are you arguing so much with these people
? These people are
stubborn, they will not listen to words. You said it right.
Kill everyone.
See what is coming. Kill everyone.
[music] The bastard
will cut down the forest. Come on.
