[MUSIC] Get [MUSIC] Get [MUSIC] Get ready, everybody.  The enemy can attack at any time. ready, everybody.  The enemy can attack at any time. But Sardar, who is our enemy?   The one who is But Sardar, who is our enemy?   The one who is But Sardar, who is our enemy?   The one who is not our friend. not our friend. not our friend. But brother, who is not our friend?   The one who is But brother, who is not our friend?   The one who is But brother, who is not our friend?   The one who is our enemy. our enemy. our enemy. But who is our enemy?  The one who is But who is our enemy?  The one who is But who is our enemy?  The one who is not our friend.  But not our friend.  But not our friend.  But who is not a friend of ours?  What will you ask us? who is not a friend of ours?  What will you ask us? who is not a friend of ours?  What will you ask us? Sardar, please ask. Sardar, please ask. Sardar, please ask. [music] Do n't underestimate the enemy.  Those people have a n't underestimate the enemy.  Those people have a n't underestimate the enemy.  Those people have a lot of weapons. lot of weapons. lot of weapons. Why are you taking tension Sardar?  I have the Why are you taking tension Sardar?  I have the Why are you taking tension Sardar?  I have the biggest sword. biggest sword. biggest sword. What will he uproot with the sword?  Those guys have a What will he uproot with the sword?  Those guys have a What will he uproot with the sword?  Those guys have a lot of guns.  There are big cannons. lot of guns.  There are big cannons. lot of guns.  There are big cannons. Why are you forgetting, Sardar? We are the only people who are feared in this forest.  Still, don't underestimate your We are the only people who are feared in this forest.  Still, don't underestimate your We are the only people who are feared in this forest.  Still, don't underestimate your enemies.  Those people enemies.  Those people enemies.  Those people are very powerful.  Can attack anytime. are very powerful.  Can attack anytime. are very powerful.  Can attack anytime. Attacked.  Everyone, pick up your Attacked.  Everyone, pick up your Attacked.  Everyone, pick up your sharp bow.  Pick up the spear.  [laughter] I wo sharp bow.  Pick up the spear.  [laughter] I wo sharp bow.  Pick up the spear.  [laughter] I wo n't leave anyone alive today.  Why did you shoot n't leave anyone alive today.  Why did you shoot n't leave anyone alive today.  Why did you shoot ? ? ? Hey sir, he was trying a little.   Let Hey sir, he was trying a little.   Let Hey sir, he was trying a little.   Let us try. us try. us try. Hey sir, please don't try.  Otherwise my Hey sir, please don't try.  Otherwise my Hey sir, please don't try.  Otherwise my head will get fried. head will get fried. head will get fried. Remember one thing.  Those people should not be shot. Remember one thing.  Those people should not be shot. Remember one thing.  Those people should not be shot. Those people just have to be scared and Those people just have to be scared and Those people just have to be scared and driven away from the forest. driven away from the forest. driven away from the forest. Ok sir. Ok sir. Ok sir. Sardar, no one is visible in the forest. Sardar, no one is visible in the forest. Sardar, no one is visible in the forest. Who attacked? Who attacked? Who attacked? That is it.  Bandhu ji Sardar, look at the thief and the weak on the stomach, can That is it.  Bandhu ji Sardar, look at the thief and the weak on the stomach, can That is it.  Bandhu ji Sardar, look at the thief and the weak on the stomach, can anyone be seen.  Okay anyone be seen.  Okay anyone be seen.  Okay Sardar. Yes, Sardar Three, someone is hiding behind a tree. Yes, Sardar Three, someone is hiding behind a tree. Yes, Sardar Three, someone is hiding behind a tree. Okay, aim at the Okay, aim at the Okay, aim at the chests of all three. Enough of that.  wait. Enough of that.  wait. Enough of that.  wait. We have not come here to fight with you people. We have not come here to fight with you people. We have not come here to fight with you people. So what have you come to do?  I have come to make a deal. So what have you come to do?  I have come to make a deal. So what have you come to do?  I have come to make a deal. Deal?  What kind of deal?  Come let's sit and talk. Deal?  What kind of deal?  Come let's sit and talk. Deal?  What kind of deal?  Come let's sit and talk. [Music] If I didn't come here to fight, then I didn't come here to fight, then I didn't come here to fight, then where are I fighting? where are I fighting? where are I fighting? Where is yours? Where is yours? Where is yours? Here we sit.  Get up from here. Here we sit.  Get up from here. Here we sit.  Get up from here. So where are we sitting? So where are we sitting? So where are we sitting? On my forehead. On my forehead. On my forehead. Hey, what is he doing?   That's why he Hey, what is he doing?   That's why he Hey, what is he doing?   That's why he said I have to sit on the forehead. said I have to sit on the forehead. said I have to sit on the forehead. Hold on then just Hold on then just Hold on then just sit down.  [laughter] Come, sir, sit here. sit down.  [laughter] Come, sir, sit here. sit down.  [laughter] Come, sir, sit here. Tell me what do you want to talk about?  We Tell me what do you want to talk about?  We Tell me what do you want to talk about?  We want to build a factory in this forest.  Factory want to build a factory in this forest.  Factory want to build a factory in this forest.  Factory [laughs] There's so much real tree here. [laughs] There's so much real tree here. [laughs] There's so much real tree here. Cannot be seen.  What will you do after building a factory Cannot be seen.  What will you do after building a factory Cannot be seen.  What will you do after building a factory ?  Hey, that's not a factory, ?  Hey, that's not a factory, ?  Hey, that's not a factory, we want to build a power plant in this forest. we want to build a power plant in this forest. we want to build a power plant in this forest. What will the power plant do with it?  This will bring What will the power plant do with it?  This will bring What will the power plant do with it?  This will bring light to every poor person's home. light to every poor person's home. light to every poor person's home. What is the need to build a power plant to provide light What is the need to build a power plant to provide light What is the need to build a power plant to provide light ?  Such a big sun is not visible.  The ?  Such a big sun is not visible.  The ?  Such a big sun is not visible.  The sun provides light during the day and the sun provides light during the day and the sun provides light during the day and the power plant will also provide light at night.  Well, power plant will also provide light at night.  Well, power plant will also provide light at night.  Well, this is a very good thing.  We can build a plant this is a very good thing.  We can build a plant this is a very good thing.  We can build a plant but for that all these trees will have to be cut down.   Will but for that all these trees will have to be cut down.   Will but for that all these trees will have to be cut down.   Will cut it.  Just cut down this entire cut it.  Just cut down this entire cut it.  Just cut down this entire tree. tree. tree. No, I will kill you if you No, I will kill you if you No, I will kill you if you talk about the tree's thorns.  This forest is our home talk about the tree's thorns.  This forest is our home talk about the tree's thorns.  This forest is our home and these trees and plants are our parents. and these trees and plants are our parents. and these trees and plants are our parents. One Jhab will die.  These trees and plants have created you people. One Jhab will die.  These trees and plants have created you people. No, trees and plants have kept us alive.   By No, trees and plants have kept us alive.   By No, trees and plants have kept us alive.   By giving oxygen.  If you also want to stay alive giving oxygen.  If you also want to stay alive giving oxygen.  If you also want to stay alive then go the same way you came. then go the same way you came. then go the same way you came. If you don't agree then he will grind you and listen to the song.  Take it If you don't agree then he will grind you and listen to the song.  Take it If you don't agree then he will grind you and listen to the song.  Take it son. The bastard will cut the tree. Thank you Brother, I am saved, Brother, I am saved, Brother, I am saved, Sardar, you go to the mountain near the waterfall, Sardar, you go to the mountain near the waterfall, Sardar, you go to the mountain near the waterfall, keep an eye on the entire forest from there, if you keep an eye on the entire forest from there, if you keep an eye on the entire forest from there, if you see any city man, inform us immediately, okay Sardar, let's see any city man, inform us immediately, okay Sardar, let's see any city man, inform us immediately, okay Sardar, let's go These wild people are very dangerous. These wild people are very dangerous. These wild people are very dangerous. Sir Sir Sir yes yes yes why do you want to build a power plant in this forest why do you want to build a power plant in this forest why do you want to build a power plant in this forest ?  There is more space. ?  There is more space. ?  There is more space. Hey, we get a lot of profit by building a power plant in the forest. Hey, we get a lot of profit by building a power plant in the forest. How is that? How is that? How is that? This is a very big river next to the forest.  The This is a very big river next to the forest.  The This is a very big river next to the forest.  The tension of water is over.  And there is a coal mine tension of water is over.  And there is a coal mine tension of water is over.  And there is a coal mine nearby.  The tension regarding coal is also over. nearby.  The tension regarding coal is also over. nearby.  The tension regarding coal is also over. Once a power plant is built in this forest, it will Once a power plant is built in this forest, it will Once a power plant is built in this forest, it will only benefit us. only benefit us. only benefit us. Hey sir, all that is fine but Hey sir, all that is fine but Hey sir, all that is fine but who will explain it to the wild people?   There is who will explain it to the wild people?   There is who will explain it to the wild people?   There is a man who can drive these wild people out of the forest. a man who can drive these wild people out of the forest. Who is it? Who is it? Who is it? Bagad badge. Hey, who are you guys? Hey, who are you guys? Hey, who are you guys? And where is this sweeper of mine sitting in the field And where is this sweeper of mine sitting in the field And where is this sweeper of mine sitting in the field ?  This field is mine.  Shut up and run away from here. ?  This field is mine.  Shut up and run away from here. ?  This field is mine.  Shut up and run away from here. Hey uncle, don't shout too much.  We have Hey uncle, don't shout too much.  We have Hey uncle, don't shout too much.  We have not come to occupy your land.  I have come to not come to occupy your land.  I have come to not come to occupy your land.  I have come to buy it with respect by paying money.   Have you come to buy it with respect by paying money.   Have you come to buy it with respect by paying money.   Have you come to buy it?  But we do not have to sell any land. buy it?  But we do not have to sell any land. buy it?  But we do not have to sell any land. Let's run away from here.   Hey Let's run away from here.   Hey Let's run away from here.   Hey uncle, don't make too much noise. uncle, don't make too much noise. uncle, don't make too much noise. Bagd Billa is sitting in front of you.  I recognize him. Bagd Billa is sitting in front of you.  I recognize him. Bagd Billa is sitting in front of you.  I recognize him. What is there to recognize in this?  From the name itself it is clear that it What is there to recognize in this?  From the name itself it is clear that it What is there to recognize in this?  From the name itself it is clear that it is Bagdad. is Bagdad. is Bagdad. wait.   Put wait.   Put wait.   Put the gun down.  Let's talk. the gun down.  Let's talk. the gun down.  Let's talk. Look uncle, we have Look uncle, we have Look uncle, we have not come here to fight with you.  I have come to play with your land with respect. not come here to fight with you.  I have come to play with your land with respect. not come here to fight with you.  I have come to play with your land with respect. Therefore, please give us this land with respect. Therefore, please give us this land with respect. Therefore, please give us this land with respect. Otherwise they will insult you and take you away.   Did Otherwise they will insult you and take you away.   Did Otherwise they will insult you and take you away.   Did n't understand the meaning?  Hey, I understood this.   Take this money and keep it.  This land is worth Rs 40 lakh money and keep it.  This land is worth Rs 40 lakh money and keep it.  This land is worth Rs 40 lakh but we are giving you Rs 50 lakh.  Go and be but we are giving you Rs 50 lakh.  Go and be but we are giving you Rs 50 lakh.  Go and be happy. happy. happy. Now you guys quickly call the engineer and Now you guys quickly call the engineer and Now you guys quickly call the engineer and start working here. start working here. start working here. Okay Billa brother. Okay Billa brother. Okay Billa brother. Who are you?  And what kind of perfume did you wear Who are you?  And what kind of perfume did you wear Who are you?  And what kind of perfume did you wear ?  The whole thing smells bad. ?  The whole thing smells bad. ?  The whole thing smells bad. Billa Bhai, its perfume is not smelling. Billa Bhai, its perfume is not smelling. Billa Bhai, its perfume is not smelling. Look there, her perfume is smelling. Look there, her perfume is smelling. Look there, her perfume is smelling. Hey, as soon as he bought the land, he came to apply fertilizer.   This guy will run away to his Hey, as soon as he bought the land, he came to apply fertilizer.   This guy will run away to his Hey, as soon as he bought the land, he came to apply fertilizer.   This guy will run away to his house. house. house. Now tell me who are you?  And why have you come here? Now tell me who are you?  And why have you come here? Now tell me who are you?  And why have you come here? We have to build a power plant in the forest. We have to build a power plant in the forest. We have to build a power plant in the forest. Yes, go and make it. Yes, go and make it. Yes, go and make it. But there are some wild people living there who are But there are some wild people living there who are But there are some wild people living there who are not allowing us to build the park plant. not allowing us to build the park plant. not allowing us to build the park plant. What should we do in this?  You are the only one who can What should we do in this?  You are the only one who can What should we do in this?  You are the only one who can drive the wild people out of the forest. drive the wild people out of the forest. drive the wild people out of the forest. Well, the wild people have to be driven out of the forest. Well, the wild people have to be driven out of the forest. Well, the wild people have to be driven out of the forest. Yes. Yes. Yes. This is a child's play for me. This is a child's play for me. This is a child's play for me. But brother, this is your right hand.  White But brother, this is your right hand.  White But brother, this is your right hand.  White catches the bastard.  This is my left-handed game. catches the bastard.  This is my left-handed game. catches the bastard.  This is my left-handed game. Vikram Vikram Vikram ji brother. ji brother. ji brother. Look at the clock, what time is it?  There is a clock above. Look at the clock, what time is it?  There is a clock above. Look at the clock, what time is it?  There is a clock above. Hey, the clock isn't up.  The clock is here. Hey, the clock isn't up.  The clock is here. Hey, the clock isn't up.  The clock is here. Look how much time is passing.   It's Look how much time is passing.   It's Look how much time is passing.   It's 12:00, brother.  It's 12:00.   The 12:00, brother.  It's 12:00.   The 12:00, brother.  It's 12:00.   The entire forest will be empty by 2:00 pm.  Come on. entire forest will be empty by 2:00 pm.  Come on. entire forest will be empty by 2:00 pm.  Come on. 1 second. 1 second. 1 second. But what will be my benefit in this?  You will But what will be my benefit in this?  You will But what will be my benefit in this?  You will get as much money as you want.  Okay, get as much money as you want.  Okay, get as much money as you want.  Okay, your work will be done.  Come on. your work will be done.  Come on. your work will be done.  Come on. Now everybody has to be alert.  All those people have their Now everybody has to be alert.  All those people have their Now everybody has to be alert.  All those people have their eyes on our forest.  Those people will not eyes on our forest.  Those people will not eyes on our forest.  Those people will not sit quiet.  So everyone be ready.   Do sit quiet.  So everyone be ready.   Do sit quiet.  So everyone be ready.   Do n't worry Sardar.  Whatever happens, n't worry Sardar.  Whatever happens, n't worry Sardar.  Whatever happens, we will not let this forest be cut. we will not let this forest be cut. we will not let this forest be cut. Wow, that's all the passion you need. Wow, that's all the passion you need. Wow, that's all the passion you need. And what the hell are you doing? And what the hell are you doing? And what the hell are you doing? We are not afraid of anyone's attack.  They are scratching my ass with a We are not afraid of anyone's attack.  They are scratching my ass with a We are not afraid of anyone's attack.  They are scratching my ass with a sword.   I have sword.   I have sword.   I have given you this sword to scratch your ass. given you this sword to scratch your ass. given you this sword to scratch your ass. So what are you giving it for? So what are you giving it for? So what are you giving it for? Given to separate the enemy's head from the body. Given to separate the enemy's head from the body. Given to separate the enemy's head from the body. Okay Sardar.  But we keep scratching until the enemy comes.   You Okay Sardar.  But we keep scratching until the enemy comes.   You bastard, you will never improve.  [MUSIC] All those people are coming.  I will have to tell the Sardar.  Come fast. All those people are coming.  I will have to tell the Sardar.  Come fast. Sardar Sardar Sardar, are those city people coming Sardar Sardar Sardar, are those city people coming Sardar Sardar Sardar, are those city people coming ?  Yes, our enemy is coming, everyone get ?  Yes, our enemy is coming, everyone get ?  Yes, our enemy is coming, everyone get ready. ready. ready. Where the hell did this head come from?  Circle everyone. Where the hell did this head come from?  Circle everyone. Where the hell did this head come from?  Circle everyone. Play it again. Play it again. Play it again. Play it again. What is this cat doing with the lion What is this cat doing with the lion What is this cat doing with the lion ?  Why are you playing with the cat? ?  Why are you playing with the cat? ?  Why are you playing with the cat? Sorry brother, sorry. Sorry brother, sorry. Sorry brother, sorry. Play the lion.  Let's play it now. Play the lion.  Let's play it now. Play the lion.  Let's play it now. Sometimes it's a lion's sound, sometimes it's a Sometimes it's a lion's sound, sometimes it's a Sometimes it's a lion's sound, sometimes it's a cat's sound.  There must be something wrong. cat's sound.  There must be something wrong. cat's sound.  There must be something wrong. Play it again. Play it again. Play it again. Hey brother, what will you play now?  The wild people ran away. Hey brother, what will you play now?  The wild people ran away. Hey brother, what will you play now?  The wild people ran away. Seen good [music]?  I told you so.  Driving away these wild people is a child's Seen good [music]?  I told you so.  Driving away these wild people is a child's Seen good [music]?  I told you so.  Driving away these wild people is a child's play for me.  Brother, this is your play for me.  Brother, this is your play for me.  Brother, this is your right hand.  It's a left-handed game.  It right hand.  It's a left-handed game.  It right hand.  It's a left-handed game.  It 's fine now?  Yes.  The bastard catches the point. 's fine now?  Yes.  The bastard catches the point. 's fine now?  Yes.  The bastard catches the point. Listen, keep my money ready.  The war drove the people away Listen, keep my money ready.  The war drove the people away Listen, keep my money ready.  The war drove the people away from the place.  Come on.   The bastard hasn't run away yet.  Full in 5 minutes. bastard hasn't run away yet.  Full in 5 minutes. Listen, man.  We give you guys 1 hour's time. Listen, man.  We give you guys 1 hour's time. Listen, man.  We give you guys 1 hour's time. Vikram Vikram Vikram ji brother. ji brother. ji brother. Look at the clock, what time is it?  There is a clock above. Look at the clock, what time is it?  There is a clock above. Look at the clock, what time is it?  There is a clock above. Hey, the clock isn't up.  The clock is here. Hey, the clock isn't up.  The clock is here. Hey, the clock isn't up.  The clock is here. Look what time it is.   It's Look what time it is.   It's Look what time it is.   It's 1:00, brother. 1:00, brother. 1:00, brother. Well, it's 1:00 now.  This Well, it's 1:00 now.  This Well, it's 1:00 now.  This forest should be empty by 2:00 pm.  Otherwise something forest should be empty by 2:00 pm.  Otherwise something forest should be empty by 2:00 pm.  Otherwise something very bad will happen to you people.  I have played this very bad will happen to you people.  I have played this very bad will happen to you people.  I have played this lion and cat game enough.  Now get ready to die. lion and cat game enough.  Now get ready to die. lion and cat game enough.  Now get ready to die. Attack the bastard. bastard. bastard. Or what? Forest Wow Saale jungle log toh bahut khatar hai.  Hey Saale jungle log toh bahut khatar hai.  Hey Saale jungle log toh bahut khatar hai.  Hey Billa Bhai, look ahead. Billa Bhai, look ahead. Billa Bhai, look ahead. Brother brother brother [Music] I've got the [Music] I've got the [Music] I've got the bag. bag. bag. Well, show it. Keep it, [ __ ].  Hey, this is not meant to cover the stuff on top. Keep it, [ __ ].  Hey, this is not meant to cover the stuff on top. Keep it, [ __ ].  Hey, this is not meant to cover the stuff on top. So to cover the stuff underneath. So to cover the stuff underneath. So to cover the stuff underneath. Throw it away. Hey Sir, suppose the people of Bagad Villa Hey Sir, suppose the people of Bagad Villa Hey Sir, suppose the people of Bagad Villa drive away the forest, then drive away the forest, then drive away the forest, then how will we clear the forest in such a short time?  According to the agreement, how will we clear the forest in such a short time?  According to the agreement, how will we clear the forest in such a short time?  According to the agreement, we have to open the plant in 2027. we have to open the plant in 2027. we have to open the plant in 2027. Hey, don't worry about that. Hey, don't worry about that. Hey, don't worry about that. We have ordered 50 JCBs, We have ordered 50 JCBs, We have ordered 50 JCBs, 25 road rollers and a lot of tree 25 road rollers and a lot of tree 25 road rollers and a lot of tree cutting machines to clear the forest.  Which will cutting machines to clear the forest.  Which will cutting machines to clear the forest.  Which will complete years of work in months. complete years of work in months. complete years of work in months. Sardar, what will we do if these city people bring all these machines Sardar, what will we do if these city people bring all these machines Sardar, what will we do if these city people bring all these machines ?  That is it.  Damn, ?  That is it.  Damn, ?  That is it.  Damn, something will have to be done about all this lockup. something will have to be done about all this lockup. something will have to be done about all this lockup. Sir, the rice mill is completely ready. Sir, the rice mill is completely ready. Sir, the rice mill is completely ready. You have to cut the empty pita. You have to cut the empty pita. You have to cut the empty pita. All that is fine but All that is fine but All that is fine but what happened to the plant project?  A what happened to the plant project?  A what happened to the plant project?  A fund of Rs 500 crore has been taken for this. fund of Rs 500 crore has been taken for this. fund of Rs 500 crore has been taken for this. Hey sir, we tried a lot but Hey sir, we tried a lot but Hey sir, we tried a lot but these wild people are not ready to leave the forest. these wild people are not ready to leave the forest. Well, what will happen now? Well, what will happen now? Well, what will happen now? But you don't worry.  This time Bagd But you don't worry.  This time Bagd But you don't worry.  This time Bagd Billa has been sent.  He will Billa has been sent.  He will Billa has been sent.  He will drive away the wild people from the forest in a jiffy. Now who is this? Now who is this? Now who is this? This is the Bagad Billa.  What happened?  He This is the Bagad Billa.  What happened?  He This is the Bagad Billa.  What happened?  He drove the wild people out of the forest?  No, we are coming running drove the wild people out of the forest?  No, we are coming running drove the wild people out of the forest?  No, we are coming running ourselves.  Those wild ourselves.  Those wild ourselves.  Those wild people are very dangerous.  We won't be able to do it. people are very dangerous.  We won't be able to do it. people are very dangerous.  We won't be able to do it. Okay Okay Okay [music] There you go, it wo n't happen now.  How can there not be all this money n't happen now.  How can there not be all this money n't happen now.  How can there not be all this money ?  It will definitely happen.  It will definitely happen. ?  It will definitely happen.  It will definitely happen. ?  It will definitely happen.  It will definitely happen. Just give us one more chance.  This time we will Just give us one more chance.  This time we will Just give us one more chance.  This time we will go with complete preparation. go with complete preparation. go with complete preparation. Bill, you don't have to go. Bill, you don't have to go. Bill, you don't have to go. Look over there.  He is coming himself. Look over there.  He is coming himself. Look over there.  He is coming himself. Now who are these people? Now who are these people? Now who are these people? These are the wild people. These are the wild people. These are the wild people. Wait, we'll talk to these guys. Listen, we'll give you guys a place to live.   We will give you a Listen, we'll give you guys a place to live.   We will give you a Listen, we'll give you guys a place to live.   We will give you a house, clothes, rags, everything. house, clothes, rags, everything. house, clothes, rags, everything. Just you guys clear that forest.   There Just you guys clear that forest.   There is still a lot of space to build the plant.  But why are you guys after our forest only is still a lot of space to build the plant.  But why are you guys after our forest only is still a lot of space to build the plant.  But why are you guys after our forest only ?  What harm have we done to you ?  What harm have we done to you ?  What harm have we done to you ? ? ? What have you made so far?  The bastard lives in the forest. What have you made so far?  The bastard lives in the forest. What have you made so far?  The bastard lives in the forest. Lives like an animal.  It is Lives like an animal.  It is Lives like an animal.  It is better to die than this. better to die than this. better to die than this. Hey, no matter where we live, everyone has the right to live. Hey, no matter where we live, everyone has the right to live. Hey, no matter where we live, everyone has the right to live. Who are you guys to Who are you guys to Who are you guys to say such things?  Sardar, why are you arguing so much with these people say such things?  Sardar, why are you arguing so much with these people say such things?  Sardar, why are you arguing so much with these people ?  These people are ?  These people are ?  These people are stubborn, they will not listen to words.  You said it right. stubborn, they will not listen to words.  You said it right. stubborn, they will not listen to words.  You said it right. Kill everyone. See what is coming.  Kill everyone. [music] The bastard will cut down the forest.  Come on.