Guys, welcome back to the channel, Lower Guys, welcome back to the channel, Lower Guys, welcome back to the channel, Lower Michigan Adventures, aka Michigan Adventures, aka Michigan Adventures, aka they call me Jimmy Boy. They call me they call me Jimmy Boy. They call me they call me Jimmy Boy. They call me Jimmy Boy, and I'm your new friend. Jimmy Boy, and I'm your new friend. Jimmy Boy, and I'm your new friend. Today, what we have is a product review Today, what we have is a product review Today, what we have is a product review brought to you by Saker. And so, what brought to you by Saker. And so, what brought to you by Saker. And so, what this is is a beautiful Saker camping this is is a beautiful Saker camping this is is a beautiful Saker camping misting fan with stand. Now, Saker sent misting fan with stand. Now, Saker sent misting fan with stand. Now, Saker sent this to me for free for review. They're this to me for free for review. They're this to me for free for review. They're not paying me to make this video, nor do not paying me to make this video, nor do not paying me to make this video, nor do they have any control over what I say in they have any control over what I say in they have any control over what I say in today's video. So, if I make a mistake today's video. So, if I make a mistake today's video. So, if I make a mistake in today's video, I apologize. But first in today's video, I apologize. But first in today's video, I apologize. But first and foremost, I am going to take a look, and foremost, I am going to take a look, and foremost, I am going to take a look, see, and tell you a little bit about see, and tell you a little bit about see, and tell you a little bit about this fan. So what we have here is we this fan. So what we have here is we this fan. So what we have here is we have a 20,000 milliamp battery. Now this have a 20,000 milliamp battery. Now this have a 20,000 milliamp battery. Now this is rechargeable and portable fan. It is rechargeable and portable fan. It is rechargeable and portable fan. It rotates rotates rotates it oscillates and we'll see that in just it oscillates and we'll see that in just it oscillates and we'll see that in just a minute. I want to point out a couple a minute. I want to point out a couple a minute. I want to point out a couple key features of the fan. On low speed, key features of the fan. On low speed, key features of the fan. On low speed, it'll run approximately 200 hours. And it'll run approximately 200 hours. And it'll run approximately 200 hours. And on high speed, you can get somewhere on high speed, you can get somewhere on high speed, you can get somewhere around 17 hours. Ideally, the fan is around 17 hours. Ideally, the fan is around 17 hours. Ideally, the fan is beautiful for tent camping, traveling beautiful for tent camping, traveling beautiful for tent camping, traveling fan, emergency fan during power outages. fan, emergency fan during power outages. fan, emergency fan during power outages. It keeps air flowing throughout the It keeps air flowing throughout the It keeps air flowing throughout the night beautifully. They're perfect for night beautifully. They're perfect for night beautifully. They're perfect for extended overnight trips and without extended overnight trips and without extended overnight trips and without need of constant charging. It has need of constant charging. It has need of constant charging. It has adjustable height. So, we'll take a You adjustable height. So, we'll take a You adjustable height. So, we'll take a You can pull this up. can pull this up. can pull this up. I'm going to do a little unboxing and I'm going to do a little unboxing and I'm going to do a little unboxing and show you what comes in the box here in a show you what comes in the box here in a show you what comes in the box here in a minute here. It adjusts up to 3.7 foot minute here. It adjusts up to 3.7 foot minute here. It adjusts up to 3.7 foot with ease. It also has these neat little with ease. It also has these neat little with ease. It also has these neat little legs right here that you can pull down legs right here that you can pull down legs right here that you can pull down like this. like this. like this. And And And let me see if I can set it right here. Right there. Right there. Right there. So, it's got neat little legs. These can So, it's got neat little legs. These can So, it's got neat little legs. These can easily be folded back up by pressing in easily be folded back up by pressing in easily be folded back up by pressing in this button right here to fold it. And this button right here to fold it. And this button right here to fold it. And so, they go up this way. Fold it back so, they go up this way. Fold it back so, they go up this way. Fold it back up. Goes up this way. Push this in and up. Goes up this way. Push this in and up. Goes up this way. Push this in and folds up this way. And so, perfect. You folds up this way. And so, perfect. You folds up this way. And so, perfect. You can also hang this and blow your air. Like if you want the and blow your air. Like if you want the and blow your air. Like if you want the misting, you can hang it like this. So misting, you can hang it like this. So misting, you can hang it like this. So yeah, that's pretty cool. It's also got yeah, that's pretty cool. It's also got yeah, that's pretty cool. It's also got these little grippy things on the bottom these little grippy things on the bottom these little grippy things on the bottom so it'll stand pretty stable. so it'll stand pretty stable. so it'll stand pretty stable. And yeah, it's pretty cool. Pretty cool. And yeah, it's pretty cool. Pretty cool. And yeah, it's pretty cool. Pretty cool. Now guys, Saker actually sent me two of Now guys, Saker actually sent me two of Now guys, Saker actually sent me two of these fans. And so this one I've these fans. And so this one I've these fans. And so this one I've actually been testing for the last few actually been testing for the last few actually been testing for the last few weeks and been beating on it. And so weeks and been beating on it. And so weeks and been beating on it. And so I'll show you a little bit of clips uh I'll show you a little bit of clips uh I'll show you a little bit of clips uh with the use of this fan. But I'm going with the use of this fan. But I'm going with the use of this fan. But I'm going to set this one over here to the side. I to set this one over here to the side. I to set this one over here to the side. I want to show you what all comes in the want to show you what all comes in the want to show you what all comes in the box. And so real quickly, I'm going to box. And so real quickly, I'm going to box. And so real quickly, I'm going to make this quickly. And so I want to show make this quickly. And so I want to show make this quickly. And so I want to show you what's all in the box. It actually you what's all in the box. It actually you what's all in the box. It actually comes with your sacre paperwork and it comes with your sacre paperwork and it comes with your sacre paperwork and it tells you safety instructions and tells you safety instructions and tells you safety instructions and everything you need to know about the everything you need to know about the everything you need to know about the fan. So, right there, bless your heart. fan. So, right there, bless your heart. fan. So, right there, bless your heart. There's a lot of information in here. There's a lot of information in here. There's a lot of information in here. And so, make sure to check that out. It And so, make sure to check that out. It And so, make sure to check that out. It also comes with a also comes with a also comes with a So, this comes with a remote and so you So, this comes with a remote and so you So, this comes with a remote and so you can access the fan and turn it on and can access the fan and turn it on and can access the fan and turn it on and off and turn the speeds and change off and turn the speeds and change off and turn the speeds and change everything with the remote. It also everything with the remote. It also everything with the remote. It also comes with a USB comes with a USB comes with a USB uh charging cable to USB C. And so it uh charging cable to USB C. And so it uh charging cable to USB C. And so it doesn't come with a brick, but most doesn't come with a brick, but most doesn't come with a brick, but most people have they can plug it into their people have they can plug it into their people have they can plug it into their uh computer or a lot of folks have those uh computer or a lot of folks have those uh computer or a lot of folks have those little strips that you just plug it little strips that you just plug it little strips that you just plug it into. But yeah, it comes with the cable into. But yeah, it comes with the cable into. But yeah, it comes with the cable and operating instructions and remote. and operating instructions and remote. and operating instructions and remote. And so let me get this. We do got this And so let me get this. We do got this And so let me get this. We do got this brand new one right here. So, it's well, brand new one right here. So, it's well, brand new one right here. So, it's well, it's packed in really nice in the box. it's packed in really nice in the box. it's packed in really nice in the box. The only thing I wish that they would do The only thing I wish that they would do The only thing I wish that they would do is when I received this uh the box was is when I received this uh the box was is when I received this uh the box was not taped. It was not and this one not taped. It was not and this one not taped. It was not and this one wasn't either. And so, the delivery guy, wasn't either. And so, the delivery guy, wasn't either. And so, the delivery guy, boy, bless his heart, we got this one boy, bless his heart, we got this one boy, bless his heart, we got this one here and everything was safe and here and everything was safe and here and everything was safe and everything was packaged good. But everything was packaged good. But everything was packaged good. But there should be some kind of tape over there should be some kind of tape over there should be some kind of tape over this. And so that's just a small this. And so that's just a small this. And so that's just a small complaint. But I'll send set set that complaint. But I'll send set set that complaint. But I'll send set set that one off to the side and we'll put this one off to the side and we'll put this one off to the side and we'll put this up here. I do have some clips, a couple up here. I do have some clips, a couple up here. I do have some clips, a couple clips of using this. Okay. So, in order clips of using this. Okay. So, in order clips of using this. Okay. So, in order to get the remote going, you have to to get the remote going, you have to to get the remote going, you have to pull this little plastic tab right here. pull this little plastic tab right here. pull this little plastic tab right here. Yeah. You just reach in there and pull Yeah. You just reach in there and pull Yeah. You just reach in there and pull that tab out. Just like that. And now that tab out. Just like that. And now that tab out. Just like that. And now you can start. Link to this product will you can start. Link to this product will you can start. Link to this product will be down in the description along with be down in the description along with be down in the description along with the first pin comment and charge things the first pin comment and charge things the first pin comment and charge things like your cell phone in the back. And like your cell phone in the back. And like your cell phone in the back. And we'll actually we'll actually check that we'll actually we'll actually check that we'll actually we'll actually check that out real quick while we're thinking out real quick while we're thinking out real quick while we're thinking about. So, we're going to plug this in right So, we're going to plug this in right So, we're going to plug this in right here. Uh this is actually fast charging. here. Uh this is actually fast charging. here. Uh this is actually fast charging. It's uh also has a LED light right here. It's uh also has a LED light right here. It's uh also has a LED light right here. So, it's beautiful. It's fast charging. So, it's beautiful. It's fast charging. So, it's beautiful. It's fast charging. It recharges in 7.5 hours. Also features It recharges in 7.5 hours. Also features It recharges in 7.5 hours. Also features a 22.5 a 22.5 a 22.5 watt output for charging your phone. And watt output for charging your phone. And watt output for charging your phone. And so that's really cool. It has three so that's really cool. It has three so that's really cool. It has three levels for the LED lantern right here. levels for the LED lantern right here. levels for the LED lantern right here. And this is this is where the magic And this is this is where the magic And this is this is where the magic happens for the mister. And the remote happens for the mister. And the remote happens for the mister. And the remote uh can activate up to five meters. It uh can activate up to five meters. It uh can activate up to five meters. It also has a timer feature on it. So, you also has a timer feature on it. So, you also has a timer feature on it. So, you can time this to run and shut off in can time this to run and shut off in can time this to run and shut off in either one, two hours, four hours, or either one, two hours, four hours, or either one, two hours, four hours, or eight hours for the timer. And so, the eight hours for the timer. And so, the eight hours for the timer. And so, the fan is very versatile, portable, light, fan is very versatile, portable, light, fan is very versatile, portable, light, uh, perfect for your camping trips and uh, perfect for your camping trips and uh, perfect for your camping trips and travel and backup power situations if travel and backup power situations if travel and backup power situations if you need some, you know, fresh air. And you need some, you know, fresh air. And you need some, you know, fresh air. And so, bless their heart. Beautiful, so, bless their heart. Beautiful, so, bless their heart. Beautiful, beautiful timer. And so it also beautiful timer. And so it also beautiful timer. And so it also oscillates. It also oscillates at 120 oscillates. It also oscillates at 120 oscillates. It also oscillates at 120 and tilts 270°. and tilts 270°. and tilts 270°. It has the sleep mode. This oscillating It has the sleep mode. This oscillating It has the sleep mode. This oscillating fan offers a 30 degree, 60°, 90°, and fan offers a 30 degree, 60°, 90°, and fan offers a 30 degree, 60°, 90°, and 120°ree auto oscillating and 270 120°ree auto oscillating and 270 120°ree auto oscillating and 270 vertical tilt, helping circulate air vertical tilt, helping circulate air vertical tilt, helping circulate air across the room. I've been beating on it across the room. I've been beating on it across the room. I've been beating on it and trying it out for the last few and trying it out for the last few and trying it out for the last few weeks. And so, the link will be down in weeks. And so, the link will be down in weeks. And so, the link will be down in the description. I'm going to turn this the description. I'm going to turn this the description. I'm going to turn this on. See if I can turn it on. Uh, by the on. See if I can turn it on. Uh, by the on. See if I can turn it on. Uh, by the way, I am recharging my phone right now. way, I am recharging my phone right now. way, I am recharging my phone right now. It's all plugged into the back side of It's all plugged into the back side of It's all plugged into the back side of this. And so, it's uh currently Well, this. And so, it's uh currently Well, this. And so, it's uh currently Well, let me see. Let me see if I can pull it let me see. Let me see if I can pull it let me see. Let me see if I can pull it up. It's uh currently recharging my up. It's uh currently recharging my up. It's uh currently recharging my phone right now. Uh, so bless its heart. phone right now. Uh, so bless its heart. phone right now. Uh, so bless its heart. I wonder if it does it have pass through I wonder if it does it have pass through I wonder if it does it have pass through charging where it can charge your phone charging where it can charge your phone charging where it can charge your phone and run the fan at the same time. Let's and run the fan at the same time. Let's and run the fan at the same time. Let's turn the fan on. Oh, shoot. There it turn the fan on. Oh, shoot. There it turn the fan on. Oh, shoot. There it goes. goes. goes. The fan's on right now. Currently, you The fan's on right now. Currently, you The fan's on right now. Currently, you can turn the See what we got here. Oh, nope. You go See what we got here. Oh, nope. You go See what we got here. Oh, nope. You go up. I think it has four fan speeds. Two, up. I think it has four fan speeds. Two, up. I think it has four fan speeds. Two, three, three, three, four. Oh yeah, it's got four fan speeds. four. Oh yeah, it's got four fan speeds. four. Oh yeah, it's got four fan speeds. It's got the light mode right here on It's got the light mode right here on It's got the light mode right here on the switch. And so let's take a look at the switch. And so let's take a look at the switch. And so let's take a look at that. that. that. Here's one, two, Here's one, two, Here's one, two, and three. Sorry about blinding you. And and three. Sorry about blinding you. And and three. Sorry about blinding you. And then off. And then uh this button right then off. And then uh this button right then off. And then uh this button right here is for the misting feature. The here is for the misting feature. The here is for the misting feature. The misting feature. And so I don't know if misting feature. And so I don't know if misting feature. And so I don't know if we got to put a little bit of water in we got to put a little bit of water in we got to put a little bit of water in here or not. Uh, I've been testing this here or not. Uh, I've been testing this here or not. Uh, I've been testing this one for a little bit and so I've enjoyed one for a little bit and so I've enjoyed one for a little bit and so I've enjoyed it. I've got a couple clips I want to it. I've got a couple clips I want to it. I've got a couple clips I want to share with you share with you share with you and but let's uh let's close this up thoroughly. And so let's close this up thoroughly. And so let's close this up thoroughly. And so let's make sure Oh, it's got pass let's make sure Oh, it's got pass let's make sure Oh, it's got pass through charging. So the fan is actually through charging. So the fan is actually through charging. So the fan is actually running. So it's it's running and running. So it's it's running and running. So it's it's running and charging my phone at the same time. And charging my phone at the same time. And charging my phone at the same time. And so the misting part. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I don't know if you guys can see that up I don't know if you guys can see that up I don't know if you guys can see that up close or not, but it's uh very misty. Oh, it feels so good. Uh we recently Oh, it feels so good. Uh we recently Oh, it feels so good. Uh we recently used this at one of our used this at one of our used this at one of our we re Now that's pulsating. misty. we re Now that's pulsating. misty. we re Now that's pulsating. misty. Yeah. So, I guess you can send set that. Yeah. So, I guess you can send set that. Yeah. So, I guess you can send set that. Uh, we're still learning this. So, let's Uh, we're still learning this. So, let's Uh, we're still learning this. So, let's see about the oscillating part of it. see about the oscillating part of it. see about the oscillating part of it. Oh, there's a timing button right there. Oh, there's a timing button right there. Oh, there's a timing button right there. And I think the oscillating is down. I think the oscillating is down. I think the oscillating is down. There's that oscillating right there. oscillating right there. oscillating right there. It's oscillating right now. It's oscillating right now. It's oscillating right now. It also has a battery indicator to tell It also has a battery indicator to tell It also has a battery indicator to tell you how full the battery is. Uh, you how full the battery is. Uh, you how full the battery is. Uh, currently the battery is sitting at currently the battery is sitting at currently the battery is sitting at about 75%. about 75%. about 75%. Uh, the screen and the light is a little Uh, the screen and the light is a little Uh, the screen and the light is a little hard to read, but maybe I can get you hard to read, but maybe I can get you hard to read, but maybe I can get you guys up close and show you. guys up close and show you. guys up close and show you. I don't know. Let's see. I don't know. Let's see. I don't know. Let's see. About 75%. Don't Don't get my camera all About 75%. Don't Don't get my camera all About 75%. Don't Don't get my camera all messy. Well, I'm going to add a few clips from Well, I'm going to add a few clips from Well, I'm going to add a few clips from a few weeks back to today's video. I a few weeks back to today's video. I a few weeks back to today's video. I hope you enjoyed this. If you did, hope you enjoyed this. If you did, hope you enjoyed this. If you did, please hit the like button and please hit the like button and please hit the like button and subscribe. And if you'd like to go pick subscribe. And if you'd like to go pick subscribe. And if you'd like to go pick up one of these, go check down in the up one of these, go check down in the up one of these, go check down in the description. I'm going to leave a direct description. I'm going to leave a direct description. I'm going to leave a direct company link to Saker and in the first company link to Saker and in the first company link to Saker and in the first pin comment. Thank you guys for pin comment. Thank you guys for pin comment. Thank you guys for watching. Make sure to watch this other watching. Make sure to watch this other watching. Make sure to watch this other footage that's coming right after this. footage that's coming right after this. footage that's coming right after this. Well, whether you're out camping or a Well, whether you're out camping or a Well, whether you're out camping or a family get together, uh today it's family get together, uh today it's family get together, uh today it's pretty pretty warm out. It's very moist. pretty pretty warm out. It's very moist. pretty pretty warm out. It's very moist. Uh and so we're going to add more Uh and so we're going to add more Uh and so we're going to add more moisture. What we have here is we got moisture. What we have here is we got moisture. What we have here is we got the Saker camping misting fan. And so, the Saker camping misting fan. And so, the Saker camping misting fan. And so, uh, I'm gonna put a little water in uh, I'm gonna put a little water in uh, I'm gonna put a little water in here. And this is just a little clip here. And this is just a little clip here. And this is just a little clip enjoying the fan. And so, bless your enjoying the fan. And so, bless your enjoying the fan. And so, bless your heart. Here we go. Put a little water in heart. Here we go. Put a little water in heart. Here we go. Put a little water in there. Fill her up. there. Fill her up. there. Fill her up. And And And this could could come in very valuable this could could come in very valuable this could could come in very valuable for many purposes. You know what I'm for many purposes. You know what I'm for many purposes. You know what I'm saying? And so, I got to put this this saying? And so, I got to put this this saying? And so, I got to put this this lid back on right here. Right there. lid back on right here. Right there. lid back on right here. Right there. kind of do that one finger deal. There kind of do that one finger deal. There kind of do that one finger deal. There we go. We got it. And then of course we go. We got it. And then of course we go. We got it. And then of course when you operate this, you got to make when you operate this, you got to make when you operate this, you got to make sure to pull that out because that's the sure to pull that out because that's the sure to pull that out because that's the misting part. And so we got the fan on misting part. And so we got the fan on misting part. And so we got the fan on right now. And I don't know if you guys right now. And I don't know if you guys right now. And I don't know if you guys can see that. Oh, it is on misting. Oh, can see that. Oh, it is on misting. Oh, can see that. Oh, it is on misting. Oh, there's the light. But anyways, I'm there's the light. But anyways, I'm there's the light. But anyways, I'm trying to Oh, there's the misting. Oh, trying to Oh, there's the misting. Oh, trying to Oh, there's the misting. Oh, it was just misting. it was just misting. it was just misting. Oh, there. Oh, there. Oh, there. So, that fan is on kind of a kind of low So, that fan is on kind of a kind of low So, that fan is on kind of a kind of low right now, but I can turn it up. Uh, that's f4. And so, she's misting. Uh, that's f4. And so, she's misting. Uh, that's f4. And so, she's misting. And yeah, I'm just out here just trying And yeah, I'm just out here just trying And yeah, I'm just out here just trying to relax, enjoy this thoroughly. And to relax, enjoy this thoroughly. And to relax, enjoy this thoroughly. And this is just a little short clip of the this is just a little short clip of the this is just a little short clip of the Saker misting camping fan with light. Of Saker misting camping fan with light. Of Saker misting camping fan with light. Of course, it's got a light, but we can course, it's got a light, but we can course, it's got a light, but we can turn that off. Let me see which one turn that off. Let me see which one turn that off. Let me see which one turns it off. Oh, shoot. I turned it on turns it off. Oh, shoot. I turned it on turns it off. Oh, shoot. I turned it on rotation mode. Let me see. Yeah, there rotation mode. Let me see. Yeah, there rotation mode. Let me see. Yeah, there she goes. She's rotating. And so, yeah. she goes. She's rotating. And so, yeah. she goes. She's rotating. And so, yeah. Uh, going to have some more clips of Uh, going to have some more clips of Uh, going to have some more clips of this beautiful fan uh by Saker. And this this beautiful fan uh by Saker. And this this beautiful fan uh by Saker. And this is a camping misting fan. And uh Oh, it is a camping misting fan. And uh Oh, it is a camping misting fan. And uh Oh, it feels so good. It's so bodacious and I feels so good. It's so bodacious and I feels so good. It's so bodacious and I appreciate it. We got a little We got a appreciate it. We got a little We got a appreciate it. We got a little We got a little fire going on over here. I'm just little fire going on over here. I'm just little fire going on over here. I'm just gonna We got a little family get gonna We got a little family get gonna We got a little family get together and we got our little canopy together and we got our little canopy together and we got our little canopy thing up here. We're getting a fire thing up here. We're getting a fire thing up here. We're getting a fire going and everybody's just kind of over going and everybody's just kind of over going and everybody's just kind of over here. They're all over here kind of over here. They're all over here kind of over here. They're all over here kind of over here congregating. They're all just uh here congregating. They're all just uh here congregating. They're all just uh over here congregating and stuff. And over here congregating and stuff. And over here congregating and stuff. And I'm just down here enjoying the misting I'm just down here enjoying the misting I'm just down here enjoying the misting fan. I don't know. We got a We got a fan. I don't know. We got a We got a fan. I don't know. We got a We got a little fire going. I don't know. We little fire going. I don't know. We little fire going. I don't know. We probably don't need it. It's awful moist probably don't need it. It's awful moist probably don't need it. It's awful moist and hot out here. Uh beautiful hot and hot out here. Uh beautiful hot and hot out here. Uh beautiful hot August day. And so I'm really happy that August day. And so I'm really happy that August day. And so I'm really happy that we got the Saker misting pan over here we got the Saker misting pan over here we got the Saker misting pan over here and we got the family get together. and we got the family get together. and we got the family get together. They're all hanging over there. But They're all hanging over there. But They're all hanging over there. But anyways, yeah. yeah. yeah. Oh, yeah. Feels so good. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Feels so good. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Feels so good. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The