Guys, welcome back to the channel, Lower
Michigan Adventures, aka
they call me Jimmy Boy. They call me
Jimmy Boy, and I'm your new friend.
Today, what we have is a product review
brought to you by Saker. And so, what
this is is a beautiful Saker camping
misting fan with stand. Now, Saker sent
this to me for free for review. They're
not paying me to make this video, nor do
they have any control over what I say in
today's video. So, if I make a mistake
in today's video, I apologize. But first
and foremost, I am going to take a look,
see, and tell you a little bit about
this fan. So what we have here is we
have a 20,000 milliamp battery. Now this
is rechargeable and portable fan. It
rotates
it oscillates and we'll see that in just
a minute. I want to point out a couple
key features of the fan. On low speed,
it'll run approximately 200 hours. And
on high speed, you can get somewhere
around 17 hours. Ideally, the fan is
beautiful for tent camping, traveling
fan, emergency fan during power outages.
It keeps air flowing throughout the
night beautifully. They're perfect for
extended overnight trips and without
need of constant charging. It has
adjustable height. So, we'll take a You
can pull this up.
I'm going to do a little unboxing and
show you what comes in the box here in a
minute here. It adjusts up to 3.7 foot
with ease. It also has these neat little
legs right here that you can pull down
like this.
And
let me see if I can set it right here.
Right there.
So, it's got neat little legs. These can
easily be folded back up by pressing in
this button right here to fold it. And
so, they go up this way. Fold it back
up. Goes up this way. Push this in and
folds up this way. And so, perfect. You
can also hang this
and blow your air. Like if you want the
misting, you can hang it like this. So
yeah, that's pretty cool. It's also got
these little grippy things on the bottom
so it'll stand pretty stable.
And yeah, it's pretty cool. Pretty cool.
Now guys, Saker actually sent me two of
these fans. And so this one I've
actually been testing for the last few
weeks and been beating on it. And so
I'll show you a little bit of clips uh
with the use of this fan. But I'm going
to set this one over here to the side. I
want to show you what all comes in the
box. And so real quickly, I'm going to
make this quickly. And so I want to show
you what's all in the box. It actually
comes with your sacre paperwork and it
tells you safety instructions and
everything you need to know about the
fan. So, right there, bless your heart.
There's a lot of information in here.
And so, make sure to check that out. It
also comes with a
So, this comes with a remote and so you
can access the fan and turn it on and
off and turn the speeds and change
everything with the remote. It also
comes with a USB
uh charging cable to USB C. And so it
doesn't come with a brick, but most
people have they can plug it into their
uh computer or a lot of folks have those
little strips that you just plug it
into. But yeah, it comes with the cable
and operating instructions and remote.
And so let me get this. We do got this
brand new one right here. So, it's well,
it's packed in really nice in the box.
The only thing I wish that they would do
is when I received this uh the box was
not taped. It was not and this one
wasn't either. And so, the delivery guy,
boy, bless his heart, we got this one
here and everything was safe and
everything was packaged good. But
there should be some kind of tape over
this. And so that's just a small
complaint. But I'll send set set that
one off to the side and we'll put this
up here. I do have some clips, a couple
clips of using this. Okay. So, in order
to get the remote going, you have to
pull this little plastic tab right here.
Yeah. You just reach in there and pull
that tab out. Just like that. And now
you can start. Link to this product will
be down in the description along with
the first pin comment and charge things
like your cell phone in the back. And
we'll actually we'll actually check that
out real quick while we're thinking
about.
So, we're going to plug this in right
here. Uh this is actually fast charging.
It's uh also has a LED light right here.
So, it's beautiful. It's fast charging.
It recharges in 7.5 hours. Also features
a 22.5
watt output for charging your phone. And
so that's really cool. It has three
levels for the LED lantern right here.
And this is this is where the magic
happens for the mister. And the remote
uh can activate up to five meters. It
also has a timer feature on it. So, you
can time this to run and shut off in
either one, two hours, four hours, or
eight hours for the timer. And so, the
fan is very versatile, portable, light,
uh, perfect for your camping trips and
travel and backup power situations if
you need some, you know, fresh air. And
so, bless their heart. Beautiful,
beautiful timer. And so it also
oscillates. It also oscillates at 120
and tilts 270°.
It has the sleep mode. This oscillating
fan offers a 30 degree, 60°, 90°, and
120°ree auto oscillating and 270
vertical tilt, helping circulate air
across the room. I've been beating on it
and trying it out for the last few
weeks. And so, the link will be down in
the description. I'm going to turn this
on. See if I can turn it on. Uh, by the
way, I am recharging my phone right now.
It's all plugged into the back side of
this. And so, it's uh currently Well,
let me see. Let me see if I can pull it
up. It's uh currently recharging my
phone right now. Uh, so bless its heart.
I wonder if it does it have pass through
charging where it can charge your phone
and run the fan at the same time. Let's
turn the fan on. Oh, shoot. There it
goes.
The fan's on right now. Currently, you
can turn the
See what we got here. Oh, nope. You go
up. I think it has four fan speeds. Two,
three,
four. Oh yeah, it's got four fan speeds.
It's got the light mode right here on
the switch. And so let's take a look at
that.
Here's one, two,
and three. Sorry about blinding you. And
then off. And then uh this button right
here is for the misting feature. The
misting feature. And so I don't know if
we got to put a little bit of water in
here or not. Uh, I've been testing this
one for a little bit and so I've enjoyed
it. I've got a couple clips I want to
share with you
and but let's uh
let's close this up thoroughly. And so
let's make sure Oh, it's got pass
through charging. So the fan is actually
running. So it's it's running and
charging my phone at the same time. And
so the misting part.
Oh yeah.
I don't know if you guys can see that up
close or not, but it's uh very misty.
Oh, it feels so good. Uh we recently
used this at one of our
we re Now that's pulsating. misty.
Yeah. So, I guess you can send set that.
Uh, we're still learning this. So, let's
see about the oscillating part of it.
Oh, there's a timing button right there.
And
I think the oscillating is down.
There's that
oscillating right there.
It's oscillating right now.
It also has a battery indicator to tell
you how full the battery is. Uh,
currently the battery is sitting at
about 75%.
Uh, the screen and the light is a little
hard to read, but maybe I can get you
guys up close and show you.
I don't know. Let's see.
About 75%. Don't Don't get my camera all
messy.
Well, I'm going to add a few clips from
a few weeks back to today's video. I
hope you enjoyed this. If you did,
please hit the like button and
subscribe. And if you'd like to go pick
up one of these, go check down in the
description. I'm going to leave a direct
company link to Saker and in the first
pin comment. Thank you guys for
watching. Make sure to watch this other
footage that's coming right after this.
Well, whether you're out camping or a
family get together, uh today it's
pretty pretty warm out. It's very moist.
Uh and so we're going to add more
moisture. What we have here is we got
the Saker camping misting fan. And so,
uh, I'm gonna put a little water in
here. And this is just a little clip
enjoying the fan. And so, bless your
heart. Here we go. Put a little water in
there. Fill her up.
And
this could could come in very valuable
for many purposes. You know what I'm
saying? And so, I got to put this this
lid back on right here. Right there.
kind of do that one finger deal. There
we go. We got it. And then of course
when you operate this, you got to make
sure to pull that out because that's the
misting part. And so we got the fan on
right now. And I don't know if you guys
can see that. Oh, it is on misting. Oh,
there's the light. But anyways, I'm
trying to Oh, there's the misting. Oh,
it was just misting.
Oh, there.
So, that fan is on kind of a kind of low
right now, but I can turn it up.
Uh, that's f4. And so, she's misting.
And yeah, I'm just out here just trying
to relax, enjoy this thoroughly. And
this is just a little short clip of the
Saker misting camping fan with light. Of
course, it's got a light, but we can
turn that off. Let me see which one
turns it off. Oh, shoot. I turned it on
rotation mode. Let me see. Yeah, there
she goes. She's rotating. And so, yeah.
Uh, going to have some more clips of
this beautiful fan uh by Saker. And this
is a camping misting fan. And uh Oh, it
feels so good. It's so bodacious and I
appreciate it. We got a little We got a
little fire going on over here. I'm just
gonna We got a little family get
together and we got our little canopy
thing up here. We're getting a fire
going and everybody's just kind of over
here. They're all over here kind of over
here congregating. They're all just uh
over here congregating and stuff. And
I'm just down here enjoying the misting
fan. I don't know. We got a We got a
little fire going. I don't know. We
probably don't need it. It's awful moist
and hot out here. Uh beautiful hot
August day. And so I'm really happy that
we got the Saker misting pan over here
and we got the family get together.
They're all hanging over there. But
anyways,
yeah.
Oh, yeah. Feels so good. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. The
