I will admit. I will admit. This is me I will admit. I will admit. This is me I will admit. I will admit. This is me coming clean. I have an addiction and coming clean. I have an addiction and coming clean. I have an addiction and that is my phone. [music] >> [music] >> As you can see I'm getting back into the >> As you can see I'm getting back into the >> As you can see I'm getting back into the swing of things on creating content and swing of things on creating content and swing of things on creating content and filming for YouTube. I feel like I'm filming for YouTube. I feel like I'm filming for YouTube. I feel like I'm just slowly being myself again. Very just slowly being myself again. Very just slowly being myself again. Very slowly, but surely, trust me. But, slowly, but surely, trust me. But, slowly, but surely, trust me. But, today's actually a really, let's say, today's actually a really, let's say, today's actually a really, let's say, special day because I don't know if I'm special day because I don't know if I'm special day because I don't know if I'm the only one that's been seeing this the only one that's been seeing this the only one that's been seeing this trend all over my TikTok feed and my trend all over my TikTok feed and my trend all over my TikTok feed and my YouTube feed, ironically, on social YouTube feed, ironically, on social YouTube feed, ironically, on social media, but I wanted to try a no scroll media, but I wanted to try a no scroll media, but I wanted to try a no scroll Sunday, which is basically where you Sunday, which is basically where you Sunday, which is basically where you take a day. It could be Sunday, it could take a day. It could be Sunday, it could take a day. It could be Sunday, it could be whatever, but like the trend is on a be whatever, but like the trend is on a be whatever, but like the trend is on a Sunday. And you know me, I love I love a Sunday. And you know me, I love I love a Sunday. And you know me, I love I love a good theme. I wanted to try it out where good theme. I wanted to try it out where good theme. I wanted to try it out where basically you kind of It's not really basically you kind of It's not really basically you kind of It's not really like a detox from social media, but it's like a detox from social media, but it's like a detox from social media, but it's just like a very healthy habit to build just like a very healthy habit to build just like a very healthy habit to build when you catch yourself being a little when you catch yourself being a little when you catch yourself being a little more addicted to your phone recently, if more addicted to your phone recently, if more addicted to your phone recently, if you catch my drift. Like, we know the you catch my drift. Like, we know the you catch my drift. Like, we know the whole talk of doom scrolling and rotting whole talk of doom scrolling and rotting whole talk of doom scrolling and rotting on your bed and brain rot and stuff like on your bed and brain rot and stuff like on your bed and brain rot and stuff like that. Like, that is a very, very that. Like, that is a very, very that. Like, that is a very, very unhealthy habit that, especially our unhealthy habit that, especially our unhealthy habit that, especially our generation, deal with because we are generation, deal with because we are generation, deal with because we are just constantly consuming content and it just constantly consuming content and it just constantly consuming content and it creates a very unhealthy addiction to creates a very unhealthy addiction to creates a very unhealthy addiction to our phone. And then our phone. And then our phone. And then consuming a lot of content, we get the consuming a lot of content, we get the consuming a lot of content, we get the wrong impression that everything needs wrong impression that everything needs wrong impression that everything needs like every single day has to look like every single day has to look like every single day has to look perfect. It has to be productive. And I perfect. It has to be productive. And I perfect. It has to be productive. And I am very guilty of constantly making sure am very guilty of constantly making sure am very guilty of constantly making sure that my videos are that my videos are that my videos are flooded and filled with something going flooded and filled with something going flooded and filled with something going on cuz I just love when my vlogs just on cuz I just love when my vlogs just on cuz I just love when my vlogs just have so many things added on to it, even have so many things added on to it, even have so many things added on to it, even if I don't do it normally. Sometimes I if I don't do it normally. Sometimes I if I don't do it normally. Sometimes I am like rotting on the couch and like am like rotting on the couch and like am like rotting on the couch and like doom scrolling and like quite literally doom scrolling and like quite literally doom scrolling and like quite literally doing nothing. But with that being said, doing nothing. But with that being said, doing nothing. But with that being said, doom scrolling and being on your phone doom scrolling and being on your phone doom scrolling and being on your phone all the time can lead to like mental all the time can lead to like mental all the time can lead to like mental fog, a short attention span, and a lack fog, a short attention span, and a lack fog, a short attention span, and a lack of focus. You know, I I just know that of focus. You know, I I just know that of focus. You know, I I just know that especially like with Tik Tok, my especially like with Tik Tok, my especially like with Tik Tok, my attention span is cooked at this point attention span is cooked at this point attention span is cooked at this point because I can't even I found myself not because I can't even I found myself not because I can't even I found myself not being able to watch like a long movie being able to watch like a long movie being able to watch like a long movie without like grabbing my phone like without like grabbing my phone like without like grabbing my phone like scrolling. I am very guilty. I will scrolling. I am very guilty. I will scrolling. I am very guilty. I will admit. I will admit. This is me coming admit. I will admit. This is me coming admit. I will admit. This is me coming clean. I have an addiction and that is clean. I have an addiction and that is clean. I have an addiction and that is my phone. That is scrolling. That is my phone. That is scrolling. That is my phone. That is scrolling. That is social media. That is looking at other social media. That is looking at other social media. That is looking at other people's lives and constantly consuming people's lives and constantly consuming people's lives and constantly consuming content 24/7 content 24/7 content 24/7 and I genuinely think or actually I and I genuinely think or actually I and I genuinely think or actually I know. I genuinely know that that has to know. I genuinely know that that has to know. I genuinely know that that has to do with why my mind and my brain is just do with why my mind and my brain is just do with why my mind and my brain is just so foggy and why my attention span has so foggy and why my attention span has so foggy and why my attention span has just been so short and I just barely just been so short and I just barely just been so short and I just barely focus anymore. I'm a certified brain focus anymore. I'm a certified brain focus anymore. I'm a certified brain rotter, but that's okay because that's rotter, but that's okay because that's rotter, but that's okay because that's why we're taking today to try to cleanse why we're taking today to try to cleanse why we're taking today to try to cleanse that and try to make or create a new that and try to make or create a new that and try to make or create a new habit of a no scroll Sunday, which is habit of a no scroll Sunday, which is habit of a no scroll Sunday, which is going to be really really hard for me going to be really really hard for me going to be really really hard for me because on Sundays I'd usually do my because on Sundays I'd usually do my because on Sundays I'd usually do my Sunday resets and clean everything or I Sunday resets and clean everything or I Sunday resets and clean everything or I just have like a self care Sunday where just have like a self care Sunday where just have like a self care Sunday where I chill and relax since like throughout I chill and relax since like throughout I chill and relax since like throughout the rest of the weekdays, I'm either the rest of the weekdays, I'm either the rest of the weekdays, I'm either training or working, but then again, I training or working, but then again, I training or working, but then again, I am scrolling a lot when it comes to am scrolling a lot when it comes to am scrolling a lot when it comes to social media during my work days too social media during my work days too social media during my work days too because as a content creator, obviously because as a content creator, obviously because as a content creator, obviously it's a little different the way that we it's a little different the way that we it's a little different the way that we consume content, but I still think that consume content, but I still think that consume content, but I still think that it's unhealthy for me to consume that it's unhealthy for me to consume that it's unhealthy for me to consume that much content. So, that's why I wanted to much content. So, that's why I wanted to much content. So, that's why I wanted to take today to try and challenge myself. take today to try and challenge myself. take today to try and challenge myself. I do love challenging myself no matter I do love challenging myself no matter I do love challenging myself no matter like how much anxiety it makes me feel like how much anxiety it makes me feel like how much anxiety it makes me feel inside. I should be challenging myself inside. I should be challenging myself inside. I should be challenging myself more even for like hard moments like more even for like hard moments like more even for like hard moments like this where got to get off the phone. I this where got to get off the phone. I this where got to get off the phone. I mean, I'm not going to scroll on social mean, I'm not going to scroll on social mean, I'm not going to scroll on social media. YouTube is fine because I can put media. YouTube is fine because I can put media. YouTube is fine because I can put on a podcast, music, whatever and for my on a podcast, music, whatever and for my on a podcast, music, whatever and for my other things like my notes, text other things like my notes, text other things like my notes, text messaging, you know, all the whole the messaging, you know, all the whole the messaging, you know, all the whole the whole shebang. But you just realize how whole shebang. But you just realize how whole shebang. But you just realize how much like time is wasted while scrolling much like time is wasted while scrolling much like time is wasted while scrolling when you could have read a chapter in a when you could have read a chapter in a when you could have read a chapter in a book, you could have done a 20-minute book, you could have done a 20-minute book, you could have done a 20-minute walk, or just like a simple phone call. walk, or just like a simple phone call. walk, or just like a simple phone call. You could have like been on the phone You could have like been on the phone You could have like been on the phone and had like a genuine socializing and had like a genuine socializing and had like a genuine socializing conversation with somebody. Like that conversation with somebody. Like that conversation with somebody. Like that could have been done instead of the 20 could have been done instead of the 20 could have been done instead of the 20 minutes of scrolling. So that's like minutes of scrolling. So that's like minutes of scrolling. So that's like what I'm realizing. I I I actually what I'm realizing. I I I actually what I'm realizing. I I I actually realize it in the moment. Why Wait, hang realize it in the moment. Why Wait, hang realize it in the moment. Why Wait, hang on. While I'm talking I have to do my on. While I'm talking I have to do my on. While I'm talking I have to do my skin care. I realize it in the moment skin care. I realize it in the moment skin care. I realize it in the moment that oh my gosh, I have been scrolling that oh my gosh, I have been scrolling that oh my gosh, I have been scrolling for like what feels like forever, and for like what feels like forever, and for like what feels like forever, and it's been what? 30, 40 minutes? Like my it's been what? 30, 40 minutes? Like my it's been what? 30, 40 minutes? Like my time could have been used so much more time could have been used so much more time could have been used so much more productive, or not either just productive, or not either just productive, or not either just productive, but so much more meaningful productive, but so much more meaningful productive, but so much more meaningful if I took that 20 minutes of scrolling if I took that 20 minutes of scrolling if I took that 20 minutes of scrolling and put it into something else. Like I and put it into something else. Like I and put it into something else. Like I could have taken So that's why I do try could have taken So that's why I do try could have taken So that's why I do try to push myself to go on my walking pad to push myself to go on my walking pad to push myself to go on my walking pad or to go on a walk if I'm going to or to go on a walk if I'm going to or to go on a walk if I'm going to scroll. So it's kind of like habit scroll. So it's kind of like habit scroll. So it's kind of like habit stacking in a sense where I'm like, you stacking in a sense where I'm like, you stacking in a sense where I'm like, you know what? I need to do something know what? I need to do something know what? I need to do something different while I'm scrolling or I've different while I'm scrolling or I've different while I'm scrolling or I've got to do something while I'm scrolling. got to do something while I'm scrolling. got to do something while I'm scrolling. But for today we're going to try to not But for today we're going to try to not But for today we're going to try to not scroll at all. That's where the question scroll at all. That's where the question scroll at all. That's where the question comes in where I ask myself, what does comes in where I ask myself, what does comes in where I ask myself, what does my brain want to do when I'm not my brain want to do when I'm not my brain want to do when I'm not scrolling or when I'm bored? Like what scrolling or when I'm bored? Like what scrolling or when I'm bored? Like what do I want to do? Personally me, I'm a do I want to do? Personally me, I'm a do I want to do? Personally me, I'm a very active person. It really depends on very active person. It really depends on very active person. It really depends on my mood. So if I'm not in the mood to my mood. So if I'm not in the mood to my mood. So if I'm not in the mood to relax, my brain is like, okay, what is a relax, my brain is like, okay, what is a relax, my brain is like, okay, what is a way or how is there a way for me to be way or how is there a way for me to be way or how is there a way for me to be active on a day where I'm not training? active on a day where I'm not training? active on a day where I'm not training? Especially like for the summer, it's hot Especially like for the summer, it's hot Especially like for the summer, it's hot outside. Like what can I do that's outside. Like what can I do that's outside. Like what can I do that's outdoors or maybe if it's not outdoors, outdoors or maybe if it's not outdoors, outdoors or maybe if it's not outdoors, like what can I do that's just active? like what can I do that's just active? like what can I do that's just active? Like what's something that my brain and Like what's something that my brain and Like what's something that my brain and my body will thank me for later while my body will thank me for later while my body will thank me for later while also having fun and distracting myself also having fun and distracting myself also having fun and distracting myself to not want to doom scroll on my phone. to not want to doom scroll on my phone. to not want to doom scroll on my phone. Or let's say I'm trying to reserve all Or let's say I'm trying to reserve all Or let's say I'm trying to reserve all my energy for training the next day, and my energy for training the next day, and my energy for training the next day, and I just feel like I want to relax, but I I just feel like I want to relax, but I I just feel like I want to relax, but I don't want to just sit down and watch a don't want to just sit down and watch a don't want to just sit down and watch a movie. I would want my mind to express movie. I would want my mind to express movie. I would want my mind to express personal creativity. Like such just art. personal creativity. Like such just art. personal creativity. Like such just art. I love art. I was always like such an I love art. I was always like such an I love art. I was always like such an art fanatic as a kid. I begged my mom art fanatic as a kid. I begged my mom art fanatic as a kid. I begged my mom for an easel and I was never the best for an easel and I was never the best for an easel and I was never the best artist. Trust me. Matteo is like a artist. Trust me. Matteo is like a artist. Trust me. Matteo is like a phenomenal artist which is so ironic. phenomenal artist which is so ironic. phenomenal artist which is so ironic. Also I'm putting on a lot of sunscreen Also I'm putting on a lot of sunscreen Also I'm putting on a lot of sunscreen since we're about to be outside in the since we're about to be outside in the since we're about to be outside in the sun. So like I said if I wanted to be sun. So like I said if I wanted to be sun. So like I said if I wanted to be active and doing something with my body active and doing something with my body active and doing something with my body like some type of movement and be like some type of movement and be like some type of movement and be outside. Today we're going to go play outside. Today we're going to go play outside. Today we're going to go play some tennis and be outside for a little some tennis and be outside for a little some tennis and be outside for a little bit. I was outside in the balcony bit. I was outside in the balcony bit. I was outside in the balcony journaling and drinking my my debloat journaling and drinking my my debloat journaling and drinking my my debloat drink. Tell me how like two minutes drink. Tell me how like two minutes drink. Tell me how like two minutes sitting out there I was already like sitting out there I was already like sitting out there I was already like getting boob sweat. It was insane. So it getting boob sweat. It was insane. So it getting boob sweat. It was insane. So it is hot today and it's just going to get is hot today and it's just going to get is hot today and it's just going to get hotter later. That was the morning which hotter later. That was the morning which hotter later. That was the morning which is crazy. So today we decided we're is crazy. So today we decided we're is crazy. So today we decided we're going to do a little bit of active going to do a little bit of active going to do a little bit of active recovery with playing tennis and maybe recovery with playing tennis and maybe recovery with playing tennis and maybe they go on a walk and chill for a little they go on a walk and chill for a little they go on a walk and chill for a little bit. I want to try and read because bit. I want to try and read because bit. I want to try and read because another thing that I would do is I if another thing that I would do is I if another thing that I would do is I if I'm like at least tanning or chilling I'm like at least tanning or chilling I'm like at least tanning or chilling outside I catch myself doom scrolling outside I catch myself doom scrolling outside I catch myself doom scrolling which is literally insane cuz how how am which is literally insane cuz how how am which is literally insane cuz how how am I doom scrolling while I'm outside? You I doom scrolling while I'm outside? You I doom scrolling while I'm outside? You know like I feel like that defeats the know like I feel like that defeats the know like I feel like that defeats the whole purpose of being outside and I'm whole purpose of being outside and I'm whole purpose of being outside and I'm like I catch myself and I'm like really like I catch myself and I'm like really like I catch myself and I'm like really disappointed in myself. So I want to try disappointed in myself. So I want to try disappointed in myself. So I want to try something different and I want to try to something different and I want to try to something different and I want to try to find cuz I have so many books in this find cuz I have so many books in this find cuz I have so many books in this house. I want to try to find a book that house. I want to try to find a book that house. I want to try to find a book that I haven't read at all or read all the I haven't read at all or read all the I haven't read at all or read all the way and actually read it outside. Like I way and actually read it outside. Like I way and actually read it outside. Like I love I love reading. The problem with me love I love reading. The problem with me love I love reading. The problem with me is that I just cannot find a book that I is that I just cannot find a book that I is that I just cannot find a book that I love. You know what I mean? There's only love. You know what I mean? There's only love. You know what I mean? There's only like three books out there that I love. like three books out there that I love. like three books out there that I love. One is I think it's called Sky and Deep. One is I think it's called Sky and Deep. One is I think it's called Sky and Deep. That is my favorite book and then That is my favorite book and then That is my favorite book and then growing up as like as a kid or as a growing up as like as a kid or as a growing up as like as a kid or as a preteen I loved this book called 10 preteen I loved this book called 10 preteen I loved this book called 10 which was So they're both they're both which was So they're both they're both which was So they're both they're both very dark and I don't know why. I just very dark and I don't know why. I just very dark and I don't know why. I just like I love a good suspenseful book or like I love a good suspenseful book or like I love a good suspenseful book or story and I love a good enemies to story and I love a good enemies to story and I love a good enemies to lovers but it just has to be like a good lovers but it just has to be like a good lovers but it just has to be like a good read. It can't just be like another one read. It can't just be like another one read. It can't just be like another one that people are just spitting out. I that people are just spitting out. I that people are just spitting out. I don't know. I'm just very picky with my don't know. I'm just very picky with my don't know. I'm just very picky with my reading and everybody always recommends reading and everybody always recommends reading and everybody always recommends book recommends books is that recommend book recommends books is that recommend book recommends books is that recommend books to me and the ones that everybody books to me and the ones that everybody books to me and the ones that everybody recommends I want to try. It's just I recommends I want to try. It's just I recommends I want to try. It's just I don't know. I feel like I need a don't know. I feel like I need a don't know. I feel like I need a visual expectation as to what I want to visual expectation as to what I want to visual expectation as to what I want to expect from the book cuz just like by expect from the book cuz just like by expect from the book cuz just like by word of mouth, I don't know why I just word of mouth, I don't know why I just word of mouth, I don't know why I just don't have like creativity within like don't have like creativity within like don't have like creativity within like my own brain. And you know what? That my own brain. And you know what? That my own brain. And you know what? That probably does have to do with doom probably does have to do with doom probably does have to do with doom scrolling. You never know, but or not. I scrolling. You never know, but or not. I scrolling. You never know, but or not. I mean I'll I've always been a very visual mean I'll I've always been a very visual mean I'll I've always been a very visual learner. If you tell me something like learner. If you tell me something like learner. If you tell me something like okay, do A, B, and C. I cannot make up okay, do A, B, and C. I cannot make up okay, do A, B, and C. I cannot make up A, B, and C in my brain. I don't know if A, B, and C in my brain. I don't know if A, B, and C in my brain. I don't know if any of you watch like the Unfiltered any of you watch like the Unfiltered any of you watch like the Unfiltered podcast, but if you do and you're like podcast, but if you do and you're like podcast, but if you do and you're like an OG watcher of them, if you know an OG watcher of them, if you know an OG watcher of them, if you know Mariah and Zane, they have kind of the Mariah and Zane, they have kind of the Mariah and Zane, they have kind of the same problem where if you were to same problem where if you were to same problem where if you were to explain something to them verbally, they explain something to them verbally, they explain something to them verbally, they will will will if their life depended on it, they if their life depended on it, they if their life depended on it, they cannot make that up in their head. They cannot make that up in their head. They cannot make that up in their head. They would have to see it to understand. So, would have to see it to understand. So, would have to see it to understand. So, I have that exact problem where I cannot I have that exact problem where I cannot I have that exact problem where I cannot visualize anything until you actually visualize anything until you actually visualize anything until you actually show me. Really depends honestly. I can show me. Really depends honestly. I can show me. Really depends honestly. I can make up something in my brain, but it is make up something in my brain, but it is make up something in my brain, but it is like the opposite of what somebody just like the opposite of what somebody just like the opposite of what somebody just like verbally explained to me. So, yeah. like verbally explained to me. So, yeah. like verbally explained to me. So, yeah. That's why I have an issue when it comes That's why I have an issue when it comes That's why I have an issue when it comes to reading any book recommendations cuz to reading any book recommendations cuz to reading any book recommendations cuz I really I really just need to I really I really just need to I really I really just need to understand and see it before I read it understand and see it before I read it understand and see it before I read it cuz I hate picking out a book or buying cuz I hate picking out a book or buying cuz I hate picking out a book or buying a book and then like being bored within a book and then like being bored within a book and then like being bored within the first three or four pages or like at the first three or four pages or like at the first three or four pages or like at least the second chapter. If I'm bored least the second chapter. If I'm bored least the second chapter. If I'm bored by the second chapter, I'm like oh my by the second chapter, I'm like oh my by the second chapter, I'm like oh my god, I don't like now I really now I god, I don't like now I really now I god, I don't like now I really now I hate reading. So, it ruins the whole hate reading. So, it ruins the whole hate reading. So, it ruins the whole reading experience for me. So, yeah. I reading experience for me. So, yeah. I reading experience for me. So, yeah. I have so many books. I have like five have so many books. I have like five have so many books. I have like five self-help books that I already read like self-help books that I already read like self-help books that I already read like three of them and I don't feel like three of them and I don't feel like three of them and I don't feel like reading them again. I mean, it really reading them again. I mean, it really reading them again. I mean, it really depends. I I I just don't feel like depends. I I I just don't feel like depends. I I I just don't feel like reading them again. I feel like it's reading them again. I feel like it's reading them again. I feel like it's okay and it's like actually good for you okay and it's like actually good for you okay and it's like actually good for you to read some self-help books that you to read some self-help books that you to read some self-help books that you haven't read in a while to kind of haven't read in a while to kind of haven't read in a while to kind of rewire your brain back to how you felt rewire your brain back to how you felt rewire your brain back to how you felt when you first read it, but just when you first read it, but just when you first read it, but just personally me, I just want to read a personally me, I just want to read a personally me, I just want to read a good book. I want to feel like I'm good book. I want to feel like I'm good book. I want to feel like I'm watching a movie or a show or I'm watching a movie or a show or I'm watching a movie or a show or I'm listening to a story that I'm actually listening to a story that I'm actually listening to a story that I'm actually invested in. So, I don't think I have invested in. So, I don't think I have invested in. So, I don't think I have any of that here cuz I would have read any of that here cuz I would have read any of that here cuz I would have read it by now, but I'm going to find any it by now, but I'm going to find any it by now, but I'm going to find any book any book in this place that I will book any book in this place that I will book any book in this place that I will try to read outside. And if I don't end try to read outside. And if I don't end try to read outside. And if I don't end up liking it, it's okay. I think the up liking it, it's okay. I think the up liking it, it's okay. I think the whole point of it all is to just be whole point of it all is to just be whole point of it all is to just be present in the moment and to actually present in the moment and to actually present in the moment and to actually experience life that's in front of you experience life that's in front of you experience life that's in front of you because I'm turning 25 in December and I because I'm turning 25 in December and I because I'm turning 25 in December and I still feel so young. Like nothing I'm still feel so young. Like nothing I'm still feel so young. Like nothing I'm like at the same time I'm getting scared like at the same time I'm getting scared like at the same time I'm getting scared of getting older because like one minute of getting older because like one minute of getting older because like one minute I I felt like I was just 20 and now I'm I I felt like I was just 20 and now I'm I I felt like I was just 20 and now I'm like, "Oh my god, I'm 24 already." And like, "Oh my god, I'm 24 already." And like, "Oh my god, I'm 24 already." And it's like, "Oh my god, life is going by it's like, "Oh my god, life is going by it's like, "Oh my god, life is going by so fast. I feel like I haven't so fast. I feel like I haven't so fast. I feel like I haven't accomplished anything anymore." But I do accomplished anything anymore." But I do accomplished anything anymore." But I do feel like that fear and anxiety feel like that fear and anxiety feel like that fear and anxiety definitely has to definitely has to definitely has to come from the constant consumption of come from the constant consumption of come from the constant consumption of content. Especially creating content. I content. Especially creating content. I content. Especially creating content. I feel like I always have to one-up my feel like I always have to one-up my feel like I always have to one-up my content the next time that I create content the next time that I create content the next time that I create anything. So, that's going to be the anything. So, that's going to be the anything. So, that's going to be the whole point of today. I got to be whole point of today. I got to be whole point of today. I got to be present. I want to experience life as it present. I want to experience life as it present. I want to experience life as it is and actually is and actually is and actually enjoy life. I do do this normally. I do enjoy life. I do do this normally. I do enjoy life. I do do this normally. I do like to get off my phone. Like even if like to get off my phone. Like even if like to get off my phone. Like even if it's just like sitting on the couch and it's just like sitting on the couch and it's just like sitting on the couch and just watching YouTube on the TV or just watching YouTube on the TV or just watching YouTube on the TV or playing with the cats. Honestly, playing playing with the cats. Honestly, playing playing with the cats. Honestly, playing with the cats is like one of my most with the cats is like one of my most with the cats is like one of my most favorite minor things to do other than favorite minor things to do other than favorite minor things to do other than scrolling on your phone. Like I don't scrolling on your phone. Like I don't scrolling on your phone. Like I don't know, it's just like these cats have know, it's just like these cats have know, it's just like these cats have saved my life in many many many dark saved my life in many many many dark saved my life in many many many dark times. Speaking of which, just wanted to times. Speaking of which, just wanted to times. Speaking of which, just wanted to say this out loud. I really miss Moon say this out loud. I really miss Moon say this out loud. I really miss Moon because when I used to do these moments because when I used to do these moments because when I used to do these moments where I talk to the camera, it would where I talk to the camera, it would where I talk to the camera, it would always be him screaming at me. He'd be always be him screaming at me. He'd be always be him screaming at me. He'd be rubbing on my legs right now and like rubbing on my legs right now and like rubbing on my legs right now and like just screaming for attention and I just just screaming for attention and I just just screaming for attention and I just realized that I realized that I realized that I I really miss it. But I'm going to get I really miss it. But I'm going to get I really miss it. But I'm going to get back on topic. Today we're going to get back on topic. Today we're going to get back on topic. Today we're going to get offline. I just got dressed. I actually offline. I just got dressed. I actually offline. I just got dressed. I actually got it off the TikTok shop. Y'all got it off the TikTok shop. Y'all got it off the TikTok shop. Y'all already know I get almost every single already know I get almost every single already know I get almost every single dupe on the TikTok shop until a dupe on the TikTok shop until a dupe on the TikTok shop until a sportswear brand wants to, you know, hit sportswear brand wants to, you know, hit sportswear brand wants to, you know, hit up your girl. Until then, everything's up your girl. Until then, everything's up your girl. Until then, everything's just on the TikTok shop for it. So, if just on the TikTok shop for it. So, if just on the TikTok shop for it. So, if anybody needs a link or wants to use my anybody needs a link or wants to use my anybody needs a link or wants to use my code for any outfit, I don't have one. code for any outfit, I don't have one. code for any outfit, I don't have one. But yeah, I'm excited. I hope me But yeah, I'm excited. I hope me But yeah, I'm excited. I hope me challenging myself to do this today will challenging myself to do this today will challenging myself to do this today will inspire you, make you want to challenge inspire you, make you want to challenge inspire you, make you want to challenge yourself to have like a no scroll Sunday yourself to have like a no scroll Sunday yourself to have like a no scroll Sunday or like just pick a day out of the week or like just pick a day out of the week or like just pick a day out of the week where you don't want to scroll or just where you don't want to scroll or just where you don't want to scroll or just take a whole even if you want to do it take a whole even if you want to do it take a whole even if you want to do it right now today, whatever in this moment right now today, whatever in this moment right now today, whatever in this moment you want to challenge yourself and do it you want to challenge yourself and do it you want to challenge yourself and do it for yourself to be more intentional with for yourself to be more intentional with for yourself to be more intentional with experiencing life in front of you. I'm experiencing life in front of you. I'm experiencing life in front of you. I'm also a huge colorer, so I'm going to also a huge colorer, so I'm going to also a huge colorer, so I'm going to bring a coloring book and some markers bring a coloring book and some markers bring a coloring book and some markers so that if I end up not liking the book, so that if I end up not liking the book, so that if I end up not liking the book, I can just color for a little bit and I can just color for a little bit and I can just color for a little bit and that'll definitely save me just in case that'll definitely save me just in case that'll definitely save me just in case like I regret bringing a book. I'm going like I regret bringing a book. I'm going like I regret bringing a book. I'm going to put on my Invisalign. I've been to put on my Invisalign. I've been to put on my Invisalign. I've been trying to stay good and consistent with trying to stay good and consistent with trying to stay good and consistent with my Invisalign cuz I thought I was going my Invisalign cuz I thought I was going my Invisalign cuz I thought I was going to be done like a couple weeks ago, but to be done like a couple weeks ago, but to be done like a couple weeks ago, but I I don't know why I completely forgot, I I don't know why I completely forgot, I I don't know why I completely forgot, but I just didn't know that I had a but I just didn't know that I had a but I just didn't know that I had a second session. So I'm going to do 21 second session. So I'm going to do 21 second session. So I'm going to do 21 more weeks of this and more weeks of this and more weeks of this and I don't know, I'm just over it by now I don't know, I'm just over it by now I don't know, I'm just over it by now and I hate putting them on cuz I hate and I hate putting them on cuz I hate and I hate putting them on cuz I hate speaking in them, but I got I got to speaking in them, but I got I got to speaking in them, but I got I got to commit. commit. commit. I did pay for them, so. I did pay for them, so. I did pay for them, so. That's the biggest motivator. If you That's the biggest motivator. If you That's the biggest motivator. If you paid a lot for your Invisalign, you best paid a lot for your Invisalign, you best paid a lot for your Invisalign, you best believe I'm putting it on every day. I believe I'm putting it on every day. I believe I'm putting it on every day. I like to use this little retainer like to use this little retainer like to use this little retainer cleaner. It literally saves me, cleaner. It literally saves me, cleaner. It literally saves me, especially if I feel gross putting on my especially if I feel gross putting on my especially if I feel gross putting on my Invisalign. This kills 99.999% Invisalign. This kills 99.999% Invisalign. This kills 99.999% of bacteria. It prevents stains, kills of bacteria. It prevents stains, kills of bacteria. It prevents stains, kills bacteria, whitens teeth, and freshens bacteria, whitens teeth, and freshens bacteria, whitens teeth, and freshens your breath. And if you know anything your breath. And if you know anything your breath. And if you know anything about Invisalign, about Invisalign, about Invisalign, it's not it's not that sanitary unless it's not it's not that sanitary unless it's not it's not that sanitary unless you like really really take care of it. you like really really take care of it. you like really really take care of it. I try my best to take care of it. Like I I try my best to take care of it. Like I I try my best to take care of it. Like I try to brush my teeth, rinse my mouth, try to brush my teeth, rinse my mouth, try to brush my teeth, rinse my mouth, brush the Invisalign brush the Invisalign brush the Invisalign itself before I put it back on. itself before I put it back on. itself before I put it back on. Um, but still even that's not enough Um, but still even that's not enough Um, but still even that's not enough unless you like have one of those a unless you like have one of those a unless you like have one of those a sanitizer type cleaner that you can put sanitizer type cleaner that you can put sanitizer type cleaner that you can put your Invisalign in. Just for the extra your Invisalign in. Just for the extra your Invisalign in. Just for the extra sanitation, I put on that retainer sanitation, I put on that retainer sanitation, I put on that retainer cleaner. It's been a lifesaver, cleaner. It's been a lifesaver, cleaner. It's been a lifesaver, especially like if I hate feeling like especially like if I hate feeling like especially like if I hate feeling like I'm going to have bad breath with the I'm going to have bad breath with the I'm going to have bad breath with the Invisalign, but you got to do what you Invisalign, but you got to do what you Invisalign, but you got to do what you got to do. Plus, I have to finish the got to do. Plus, I have to finish the got to do. Plus, I have to finish the rest of my coffee. I I give the rest to rest of my coffee. I I give the rest to rest of my coffee. I I give the rest to Matteo. >> [music] >> We've made it [music] to the tennis >> We've made it [music] to the tennis >> We've made it [music] to the tennis courts and I forgot to mention this, but courts and I forgot to mention this, but courts and I forgot to mention this, but Matt and I have been holding off on a Matt and I have been holding off on a Matt and I have been holding off on a project for way too long. We have had project for way too long. We have had project for way too long. We have had these like random canvases that we found these like random canvases that we found these like random canvases that we found at a garbage chute and cuz like people at a garbage chute and cuz like people at a garbage chute and cuz like people were throwing them away. Once we got were throwing them away. Once we got were throwing them away. Once we got them, we were like, "Oh my god, let's them, we were like, "Oh my god, let's them, we were like, "Oh my god, let's like paint white over them and then like like paint white over them and then like like paint white over them and then like add our own art to it." We've had these add our own art to it." We've had these add our own art to it." We've had these for months though. These have been so for months though. These have been so for months though. These have been so overdue, this project. I thought that overdue, this project. I thought that overdue, this project. I thought that was a good idea. So right now we're just was a good idea. So right now we're just was a good idea. So right now we're just putting on a white base for now, and putting on a white base for now, and putting on a white base for now, and then while we let these dry, we're going then while we let these dry, we're going then while we let these dry, we're going to play some tennis. Hopefully, it to play some tennis. Hopefully, it to play some tennis. Hopefully, it doesn't rain. I'm hearing thunder. It doesn't rain. I'm hearing thunder. It doesn't rain. I'm hearing thunder. It said it was going to rain at 2:00. said it was going to rain at 2:00. said it was going to rain at 2:00. However, we have 2 hours, but it looks However, we have 2 hours, but it looks However, we have 2 hours, but it looks like it's about to approach. So, fingers like it's about to approach. So, fingers like it's about to approach. So, fingers crossed that we do not get rained on cuz crossed that we do not get rained on cuz crossed that we do not get rained on cuz that would suck, especially with all that would suck, especially with all that would suck, especially with all these canvases. We don't want to We these canvases. We don't want to We these canvases. We don't want to We don't want to get any paint in the car. >> [music] >> Oh my god. Damn, how do you [music] hit with two Damn, how do you [music] hit with two Damn, how do you [music] hit with two hands without it being so hard? Guys, it's about to get real. We're Guys, it's about to get real. We're Guys, it's about to get real. We're taking this game very seriously. Well, taking this game very seriously. Well, taking this game very seriously. Well, at least I am. And I see you at least I am. And I see you at least I am. And I see you hitting the ball on the wall. hitting the ball on the wall. hitting the ball on the wall. Nice. Nice. Nice. And you missed it. Guys, comment who you And you missed it. Guys, comment who you And you missed it. Guys, comment who you think's going to win. See? Look at that. See? Look at that. See? Look at that. A1 athlete [music] over here. >> [music] >> Run. >> Run. >> Run. >> What? You had all this stuff just sitting You had all this stuff just sitting You had all this stuff just sitting there like There it's really really cloudy and it There it's really really cloudy and it There it's really really cloudy and it looks like it's going to rain over looks like it's going to rain over looks like it's going to rain over there, but if anything we actually are there, but if anything we actually are there, but if anything we actually are really lucky with all this cloudiness really lucky with all this cloudiness really lucky with all this cloudiness because then the sun is not killing us. because then the sun is not killing us. because then the sun is not killing us. Pretty sure the UVs are still like kind Pretty sure the UVs are still like kind Pretty sure the UVs are still like kind of like passing through some of these of like passing through some of these of like passing through some of these clouds. Dude, last time we played tennis clouds. Dude, last time we played tennis clouds. Dude, last time we played tennis in the sun it was horrendous. Like we in the sun it was horrendous. Like we in the sun it was horrendous. Like we were dripping sweat. So, if anything were dripping sweat. So, if anything were dripping sweat. So, if anything it's actually a good thing that [music] it's actually a good thing that [music] it's actually a good thing that [music] it's cloudy today. >> [music] >> Yeah. Run, buddy. [music] >> [music] >> Um, we're back. So, we've made it home >> Um, we're back. So, we've made it home >> Um, we're back. So, we've made it home back from the park and around this time back from the park and around this time back from the park and around this time is usually like where I find myself is usually like where I find myself is usually like where I find myself scrolling and wanting to just be on scrolling and wanting to just be on scrolling and wanting to just be on social media for a hot minute because social media for a hot minute because social media for a hot minute because I'm like now winding down and like I'm like now winding down and like I'm like now winding down and like chilling. So, chilling. So, chilling. So, it's going to be real hard for me to not it's going to be real hard for me to not it's going to be real hard for me to not doom scroll right now, but with that doom scroll right now, but with that doom scroll right now, but with that being said, uh, let's see how much being said, uh, let's see how much being said, uh, let's see how much screen time I actually had cuz I was on screen time I actually had cuz I was on screen time I actually had cuz I was on my phone, you know, like for the GPS and my phone, you know, like for the GPS and my phone, you know, like for the GPS and for like Safari. I did also edit my for like Safari. I did also edit my for like Safari. I did also edit my thumbnail and I'm texting my manager. thumbnail and I'm texting my manager. thumbnail and I'm texting my manager. So, I'm I've been mainly using my phone So, I'm I've been mainly using my phone So, I'm I've been mainly using my phone for like, you know, things that need to for like, you know, things that need to for like, you know, things that need to be done. But, other than that, this is be done. But, other than that, this is be done. But, other than that, this is so far how my screen time looks. Mainly so far how my screen time looks. Mainly so far how my screen time looks. Mainly YouTube cuz I had on, you know, a YouTube cuz I had on, you know, a YouTube cuz I had on, you know, a podcast, music. I were I was on YouTube podcast, music. I were I was on YouTube podcast, music. I were I was on YouTube to also like try to upload my video. to also like try to upload my video. to also like try to upload my video. Messages, yeah. My Instagram, it says Messages, yeah. My Instagram, it says Messages, yeah. My Instagram, it says I've only been on Instagram for like 5 I've only been on Instagram for like 5 I've only been on Instagram for like 5 minutes, which to be fair, I was just minutes, which to be fair, I was just minutes, which to be fair, I was just posting. I caught myself about to scroll posting. I caught myself about to scroll posting. I caught myself about to scroll on Instagram, but I went on it just to on Instagram, but I went on it just to on Instagram, but I went on it just to like post a little story on my like post a little story on my like post a little story on my Instagram, but other than that, I have Instagram, but other than that, I have Instagram, but other than that, I have been really good on my screen time. I'm been really good on my screen time. I'm been really good on my screen time. I'm for sure my screen time on a regular day for sure my screen time on a regular day for sure my screen time on a regular day probably looks much worse than that, but probably looks much worse than that, but probably looks much worse than that, but luckily I'm staying consistent and I'm luckily I'm staying consistent and I'm luckily I'm staying consistent and I'm determined to do this no scroll Sunday determined to do this no scroll Sunday determined to do this no scroll Sunday the right way, but at the same time not the right way, but at the same time not the right way, but at the same time not pressuring myself. But, again, this is pressuring myself. But, again, this is pressuring myself. But, again, this is usually the time where I would find usually the time where I would find usually the time where I would find myself scrolling. I also wanted to start myself scrolling. I also wanted to start myself scrolling. I also wanted to start on some home decor projects that I've on some home decor projects that I've on some home decor projects that I've been wanting to do for a while. So, not been wanting to do for a while. So, not been wanting to do for a while. So, not only do we have the canvases that we only do we have the canvases that we only do we have the canvases that we painted at the park that's drying. We're painted at the park that's drying. We're painted at the park that's drying. We're probably going to do some paint like probably going to do some paint like probably going to do some paint like artwork tonight or or later today. It artwork tonight or or later today. It artwork tonight or or later today. It really depends cuz it is Sunday, so we really depends cuz it is Sunday, so we really depends cuz it is Sunday, so we want to go to bed early so we can have want to go to bed early so we can have want to go to bed early so we can have our 5:00 a.m. training morning routine our 5:00 a.m. training morning routine our 5:00 a.m. training morning routine bright and early. So, we need a lot of bright and early. So, we need a lot of bright and early. So, we need a lot of sleep tonight. I actually went shopping sleep tonight. I actually went shopping sleep tonight. I actually went shopping yesterday did a little retail therapy at yesterday did a little retail therapy at yesterday did a little retail therapy at HomeGoods and TJ Maxx because I really HomeGoods and TJ Maxx because I really HomeGoods and TJ Maxx because I really really, nobody judge me for this, I really, nobody judge me for this, I really, nobody judge me for this, I really want to put up curtains in my really want to put up curtains in my really want to put up curtains in my closet office and my bedroom. Now, to be closet office and my bedroom. Now, to be closet office and my bedroom. Now, to be fair, I already have like, you know, the fair, I already have like, you know, the fair, I already have like, you know, the shades that go up and down. The only shades that go up and down. The only shades that go up and down. The only thing is is that that prevents a lot of thing is is that that prevents a lot of thing is is that that prevents a lot of lighting in the room, which is fine, lighting in the room, which is fine, lighting in the room, which is fine, which is okay for like night time or which is okay for like night time or which is okay for like night time or like when I don't want too much light in like when I don't want too much light in like when I don't want too much light in the room. But, like on a daily basis, the room. But, like on a daily basis, the room. But, like on a daily basis, especially for content or just like for especially for content or just like for especially for content or just like for my eyes, I love having the windows fully my eyes, I love having the windows fully my eyes, I love having the windows fully open with like the sun coming in or just open with like the sun coming in or just open with like the sun coming in or just like some brightness in like some brightness in like some brightness in the apartment because I just don't like the apartment because I just don't like the apartment because I just don't like feeling like I'm in a dungeon. So, these feeling like I'm in a dungeon. So, these feeling like I'm in a dungeon. So, these curtains, they're pretty thick, but curtains, they're pretty thick, but curtains, they're pretty thick, but they're a little see-through. But, when they're a little see-through. But, when they're a little see-through. But, when I close them, a lot of light is like I close them, a lot of light is like I close them, a lot of light is like prevented to come inside the apartment. prevented to come inside the apartment. prevented to come inside the apartment. I went on a hunt at HomeGoods and TJ I went on a hunt at HomeGoods and TJ I went on a hunt at HomeGoods and TJ Maxx to find somewhat see-through Maxx to find somewhat see-through Maxx to find somewhat see-through curtains that are beige, but can also curtains that are beige, but can also curtains that are beige, but can also cover up a little bit because I want to cover up a little bit because I want to cover up a little bit because I want to be able to open up my window I want to be able to open up my window I want to be able to open up my window I want to be able to open up my curtains and have be able to open up my curtains and have be able to open up my curtains and have my windows open. The only issue is that my windows open. The only issue is that my windows open. The only issue is that our apartment window faces like two our apartment window faces like two our apartment window faces like two other apartment buildings and like we're other apartment buildings and like we're other apartment buildings and like we're also a little bit on the lower floor, so also a little bit on the lower floor, so also a little bit on the lower floor, so we don't really get that much privacy. I we don't really get that much privacy. I we don't really get that much privacy. I just love the privacy of like knowing just love the privacy of like knowing just love the privacy of like knowing that nobody's watching me. I just have that nobody's watching me. I just have that nobody's watching me. I just have that anxiety like even if I'm not doing that anxiety like even if I'm not doing that anxiety like even if I'm not doing anything like the main issue also is cuz anything like the main issue also is cuz anything like the main issue also is cuz whenever I have the window open, I whenever I have the window open, I whenever I have the window open, I change and I don't like the feeling that change and I don't like the feeling that change and I don't like the feeling that there's like a window 2 ft away from me there's like a window 2 ft away from me there's like a window 2 ft away from me of somebody else's apartment and I don't of somebody else's apartment and I don't of somebody else's apartment and I don't I just don't like that. With these I just don't like that. With these I just don't like that. With these curtains that I found, basically they're curtains that I found, basically they're curtains that I found, basically they're a little thin, like they're somewhat a little thin, like they're somewhat a little thin, like they're somewhat see-through. Like if you open like the see-through. Like if you open like the see-through. Like if you open like the apartment shade and keep these curtains apartment shade and keep these curtains apartment shade and keep these curtains closed, it'll get a good amount of light closed, it'll get a good amount of light closed, it'll get a good amount of light into the room. Like, I just want my room into the room. Like, I just want my room into the room. Like, I just want my room to be brightened up with natural to be brightened up with natural to be brightened up with natural lighting. Also, just for my brain to lighting. Also, just for my brain to lighting. Also, just for my brain to wake up as well. I don't like it when wake up as well. I don't like it when wake up as well. I don't like it when you feel like you're in the dungeon. I you feel like you're in the dungeon. I you feel like you're in the dungeon. I feel like it's dark in the apartment. I feel like it's dark in the apartment. I feel like it's dark in the apartment. I personally like natural light in my personally like natural light in my personally like natural light in my room, in the living room, like room, in the living room, like room, in the living room, like everywhere. With these curtains, it's everywhere. With these curtains, it's everywhere. With these curtains, it's going to help a lot that I could keep going to help a lot that I could keep going to help a lot that I could keep the curtains open while also having a the curtains open while also having a the curtains open while also having a little bit of privacy, especially in the little bit of privacy, especially in the little bit of privacy, especially in the closet office, because I like to change closet office, because I like to change closet office, because I like to change there. I have no privacy and I just feel there. I have no privacy and I just feel there. I have no privacy and I just feel violated and I just want to change in violated and I just want to change in violated and I just want to change in peace. So, just understand my vision peace. So, just understand my vision peace. So, just understand my vision here. I'm trying to have privacy while here. I'm trying to have privacy while here. I'm trying to have privacy while also having some natural light be able also having some natural light be able also having some natural light be able to come into the room. Matt is getting to come into the room. Matt is getting to come into the room. Matt is getting the mounts up right now. We got to get the mounts up right now. We got to get the mounts up right now. We got to get the rods up. And what else? I also have the rods up. And what else? I also have the rods up. And what else? I also have some shelves that we found. Somebody was some shelves that we found. Somebody was some shelves that we found. Somebody was throwing them out and we ended up just throwing them out and we ended up just throwing them out and we ended up just taking them cuz they were about to get taking them cuz they were about to get taking them cuz they were about to get tossed out. So, like, why not? Another tossed out. So, like, why not? Another tossed out. So, like, why not? Another man's trash is another man's treasure. man's trash is another man's treasure. man's trash is another man's treasure. And I do that all the time. I always And I do that all the time. I always And I do that all the time. I always find a way to find somebody else's trash find a way to find somebody else's trash find a way to find somebody else's trash and make it into something and make it into something and make it into something usable and beautiful. Now, my plan is to usable and beautiful. Now, my plan is to usable and beautiful. Now, my plan is to somewhat have it in my closet office to somewhat have it in my closet office to somewhat have it in my closet office to put like my perfumes, my deodorant. And put like my perfumes, my deodorant. And put like my perfumes, my deodorant. And then the other one I wanted to probably then the other one I wanted to probably then the other one I wanted to probably see if I want to put it in my bathroom. see if I want to put it in my bathroom. see if I want to put it in my bathroom. So, I'm just going to mount up some So, I'm just going to mount up some So, I'm just going to mount up some shelves as well while Matt mounts up the shelves as well while Matt mounts up the shelves as well while Matt mounts up the shades. Uh sorry, the mounts for the shades. Uh sorry, the mounts for the shades. Uh sorry, the mounts for the poles for the curtains. And also, the poles for the curtains. And also, the poles for the curtains. And also, the bed is still naked because it is still bed is still naked because it is still bed is still naked because it is still Sunday reset and we have the sheets Sunday reset and we have the sheets Sunday reset and we have the sheets washing and drying. So, that's all going washing and drying. So, that's all going washing and drying. So, that's all going on. I also have laundry I got to do. I on. I also have laundry I got to do. I on. I also have laundry I got to do. I realized [clears throat] like I realized [clears throat] like I realized [clears throat] like I literally have nothing to wear cuz I'm literally have nothing to wear cuz I'm literally have nothing to wear cuz I'm wearing like somewhat pajama, but also wearing like somewhat pajama, but also wearing like somewhat pajama, but also like loungewear clothes. Like, these are like loungewear clothes. Like, these are like loungewear clothes. Like, these are pajama pants, but then this is like a pajama pants, but then this is like a pajama pants, but then this is like a random brown t-shirt. So, I really have random brown t-shirt. So, I really have random brown t-shirt. So, I really have nothing to wear, but I wanted to be nothing to wear, but I wanted to be nothing to wear, but I wanted to be cozy, but also like fashionable at the cozy, but also like fashionable at the cozy, but also like fashionable at the same time. We're still getting some same time. We're still getting some same time. We're still getting some things done around the house. We're things done around the house. We're things done around the house. We're trying everything to not be on our trying everything to not be on our trying everything to not be on our phones and scrolling and to just focus phones and scrolling and to just focus phones and scrolling and to just focus on one thing at a time and to have this on one thing at a time and to have this on one thing at a time and to have this mental fog just slow down, clear up, so mental fog just slow down, clear up, so mental fog just slow down, clear up, so I can have a clear state of mind, have a I can have a clear state of mind, have a I can have a clear state of mind, have a clear drive, and know what I'm doing clear drive, and know what I'm doing clear drive, and know what I'm doing without stressing. I don't know if you without stressing. I don't know if you without stressing. I don't know if you saw in my last vlog, but I ended up saw in my last vlog, but I ended up saw in my last vlog, but I ended up finally turning this whole wall into an finally turning this whole wall into an finally turning this whole wall into an actual like closet, cuz I had like two actual like closet, cuz I had like two actual like closet, cuz I had like two different What are they called? Wardrobe different What are they called? Wardrobe different What are they called? Wardrobe holders? Like they're like separate, and holders? Like they're like separate, and holders? Like they're like separate, and didn't look nice. I always wanted like didn't look nice. I always wanted like didn't look nice. I always wanted like one of those wardrobe white cubbies, but one of those wardrobe white cubbies, but one of those wardrobe white cubbies, but this is the most affordable one. Like I this is the most affordable one. Like I this is the most affordable one. Like I just got these rods and these mounts all just got these rods and these mounts all just got these rods and these mounts all from like Home Depot. >> [music] >> All right, I'm really really happy with >> All right, I'm really really happy with >> All right, I'm really really happy with the final results. It actually makes the the final results. It actually makes the the final results. It actually makes the room look, I don't know, like it just room look, I don't know, like it just room look, I don't know, like it just gives like a vibe. Like it makes it look gives like a vibe. Like it makes it look gives like a vibe. Like it makes it look so much more larger. It's so much better so much more larger. It's so much better so much more larger. It's so much better to have like to have like to have like see-through curtains than to just have a see-through curtains than to just have a see-through curtains than to just have a bare window open, especially if my view bare window open, especially if my view bare window open, especially if my view is just other people's apartment. But I is just other people's apartment. But I is just other people's apartment. But I don't know if you can see up there, don't know if you can see up there, don't know if you can see up there, there used to be like the blackout there used to be like the blackout there used to be like the blackout curtains. I don't know if you can see, I curtains. I don't know if you can see, I curtains. I don't know if you can see, I actually actually actually cut off the sides cuz I was actually cut off the sides cuz I was actually cut off the sides cuz I was actually going to like cut them off completely, going to like cut them off completely, going to like cut them off completely, but I was like, you know what? We don't but I was like, you know what? We don't but I was like, you know what? We don't have any blackout curtains, so like you have any blackout curtains, so like you have any blackout curtains, so like you never know if we ever want to use them, never know if we ever want to use them, never know if we ever want to use them, I wanted to save them. I would just I wanted to save them. I would just I wanted to save them. I would just rolled it up instead and kept it up at rolled it up instead and kept it up at rolled it up instead and kept it up at the top. But as you can see, this is how the top. But as you can see, this is how the top. But as you can see, this is how it looks with the shade completely up, it looks with the shade completely up, it looks with the shade completely up, and there's still so much great natural and there's still so much great natural and there's still so much great natural lighting in there. And also, don't don't lighting in there. And also, don't don't lighting in there. And also, don't don't mind this. This is the foster kittens mind this. This is the foster kittens mind this. This is the foster kittens setup. We have setup. We have setup. We have the babies' old scratch tower here and the babies' old scratch tower here and the babies' old scratch tower here and that other old scratch tower. This is that other old scratch tower. This is that other old scratch tower. This is the art piece that we painted earlier the art piece that we painted earlier the art piece that we painted earlier today, but it's literally been like the today, but it's literally been like the today, but it's literally been like the ceiling for this cage cuz they like to ceiling for this cage cuz they like to ceiling for this cage cuz they like to get out along with like the sheet, and get out along with like the sheet, and get out along with like the sheet, and we still haven't put this one up, and we we still haven't put this one up, and we we still haven't put this one up, and we were going to put it up for the video were going to put it up for the video were going to put it up for the video cuz I originally wanted it, you know, on cuz I originally wanted it, you know, on cuz I originally wanted it, you know, on here since it's like a naked wall. here since it's like a naked wall. here since it's like a naked wall. However, we However, we However, we we ran out of screws because we used we ran out of screws because we used we ran out of screws because we used like two there, two there, and then the like two there, two there, and then the like two there, two there, and then the other four over there, and then with other four over there, and then with other four over there, and then with these new shelves, I ended up needing these new shelves, I ended up needing these new shelves, I ended up needing one and two. There's a third one, but one and two. There's a third one, but one and two. There's a third one, but again, we ran out of screws, and then again, we ran out of screws, and then again, we ran out of screws, and then again, for all these hooks. We were again, for all these hooks. We were again, for all these hooks. We were using a lot of screws, and that just using a lot of screws, and that just using a lot of screws, and that just means I'm completely out. But here's how means I'm completely out. But here's how means I'm completely out. But here's how the corner looks so far. I actually the corner looks so far. I actually the corner looks so far. I actually really love it. I'm not 100% with these really love it. I'm not 100% with these really love it. I'm not 100% with these paddles. I really do want these paddles paddles. I really do want these paddles paddles. I really do want these paddles here since it really matches the wood on here since it really matches the wood on here since it really matches the wood on the shelf, but I do love the little the shelf, but I do love the little the shelf, but I do love the little picture here. This is actually from my picture here. This is actually from my picture here. This is actually from my photographer friend Sam. And I have the photographer friend Sam. And I have the photographer friend Sam. And I have the plant here plant here plant here and I switched up the stuff in here. and I switched up the stuff in here. and I switched up the stuff in here. This used to be in our bathroom, this This used to be in our bathroom, this This used to be in our bathroom, this little acrylic shelf. And I was like, little acrylic shelf. And I was like, little acrylic shelf. And I was like, you know what? Might as well. This is you know what? Might as well. This is you know what? Might as well. This is like an empty space now and I just put like an empty space now and I just put like an empty space now and I just put like all the larger things I couldn't like all the larger things I couldn't like all the larger things I couldn't fit on like this little shelf up on fit on like this little shelf up on fit on like this little shelf up on here. And I actually love it since it's here. And I actually love it since it's here. And I actually love it since it's like see-through, so it doesn't feel too like see-through, so it doesn't feel too like see-through, so it doesn't feel too cluttered. And then up here, originally cluttered. And then up here, originally cluttered. And then up here, originally I actually had just this plastic thing I actually had just this plastic thing I actually had just this plastic thing purse like in the middle, but I have it purse like in the middle, but I have it purse like in the middle, but I have it up here. I might just hang it. It looks up here. I might just hang it. It looks up here. I might just hang it. It looks really really cute there along with this really really cute there along with this really really cute there along with this mini little sword. And yeah, that's mini little sword. And yeah, that's mini little sword. And yeah, that's basically how the closet office is basically how the closet office is basically how the closet office is looking so far. I'm obsessed. And then, looking so far. I'm obsessed. And then, looking so far. I'm obsessed. And then, now for the bedroom, the bedroom looks now for the bedroom, the bedroom looks now for the bedroom, the bedroom looks so much more I don't know what the right so much more I don't know what the right so much more I don't know what the right word is, like fancy maybe. See, kind of word is, like fancy maybe. See, kind of word is, like fancy maybe. See, kind of like a hotel room. Sheets still have to like a hotel room. Sheets still have to like a hotel room. Sheets still have to wash and dry, but yeah, see, right here wash and dry, but yeah, see, right here wash and dry, but yeah, see, right here are the sheets and underneath is a load are the sheets and underneath is a load are the sheets and underneath is a load of laundry. We might get this done real of laundry. We might get this done real of laundry. We might get this done real quick and as you can see, quick and as you can see, quick and as you can see, we're just we're just organizing today. we're just we're just organizing today. we're just we're just organizing today. Anything but scrolling on our phone. Anything but scrolling on our phone. Anything but scrolling on our phone. Also, this is not a mess. This is Also, this is not a mess. This is Also, this is not a mess. This is actually just the cats' play area. You actually just the cats' play area. You actually just the cats' play area. You know, they love boxes. We haven't been know, they love boxes. We haven't been know, they love boxes. We haven't been buying them any new toys. We've just buying them any new toys. We've just buying them any new toys. We've just been creating trash. been creating trash. been creating trash. Uh sorry, we just make We've [snorts] just been creating toys We've [snorts] just been creating toys We've [snorts] just been creating toys out of trash. So, yeah, it's not much to out of trash. So, yeah, it's not much to out of trash. So, yeah, it's not much to impress a kitty. The hardest part is finding some ice The hardest part is finding some ice The hardest part is finding some ice cream without splurging. Oh my god, cream without splurging. Oh my god, cream without splurging. Oh my god, these are buy get one free. these are buy get one free. these are buy get one free. Is there any like just vanilla? The only Is there any like just vanilla? The only Is there any like just vanilla? The only one that I like to get from this brand one that I like to get from this brand one that I like to get from this brand is the raspberry and or pistachio or the is the raspberry and or pistachio or the is the raspberry and or pistachio or the coffee. Yeah, I'm a sucker for the coffee. Yeah, I'm a sucker for the coffee. Yeah, I'm a sucker for the coffee one and the pistachio one. It's coffee one and the pistachio one. It's coffee one and the pistachio one. It's I'm I'm I'm really bad. I'm I'm I'm really bad. I'm I'm I'm really bad. >> [music] >> It is now officially pretty late in the >> It is now officially pretty late in the >> It is now officially pretty late in the day and I honestly did just catch myself day and I honestly did just catch myself day and I honestly did just catch myself scrolling a little bit because I was scrolling a little bit because I was scrolling a little bit because I was about to put on a podcast and then I about to put on a podcast and then I about to put on a podcast and then I literally was like after three videos, I literally was like after three videos, I literally was like after three videos, I was like mid scroll. I was like I was like mid scroll. I was like I was like mid scroll. I was like I >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I literally said out loud, "Oh my god, I >> I literally said out loud, "Oh my god, I >> I literally said out loud, "Oh my god, I caught myself mid scroll." and I went caught myself mid scroll." and I went caught myself mid scroll." and I went immediately back to the podcast and I immediately back to the podcast and I immediately back to the podcast and I kept on eating. I was so disappointed in kept on eating. I was so disappointed in kept on eating. I was so disappointed in myself. I was like, "Oh my god, it's myself. I was like, "Oh my god, it's myself. I was like, "Oh my god, it's it's quite literally second nature at it's quite literally second nature at it's quite literally second nature at this point." Luckily, I stopped myself this point." Luckily, I stopped myself this point." Luckily, I stopped myself halfway, but now that we have finished halfway, but now that we have finished halfway, but now that we have finished eating dinner, eating dinner, eating dinner, I thought it would be cute I thought it would be cute I thought it would be cute to also end off the night baking a to also end off the night baking a to also end off the night baking a little something. I saw this recipe. Oh little something. I saw this recipe. Oh little something. I saw this recipe. Oh my god, if I can get this apron on, that my god, if I can get this apron on, that my god, if I can get this apron on, that would be would be would be that would be phenomenal. Oh my god, that would be phenomenal. Oh my god, that would be phenomenal. Oh my god, what's happening here? Oh, I was looking what's happening here? Oh, I was looking what's happening here? Oh, I was looking for like a high protein bake recipe and for like a high protein bake recipe and for like a high protein bake recipe and first thing that popped up into mind first thing that popped up into mind first thing that popped up into mind obviously is like, you know, protein obviously is like, you know, protein obviously is like, you know, protein cookies, protein banana bread, but I'm cookies, protein banana bread, but I'm cookies, protein banana bread, but I'm Oh, hi Wednesday. I'm a certified like Oh, hi Wednesday. I'm a certified like Oh, hi Wednesday. I'm a certified like coffee bread lover or Oh, no, I'm sorry, coffee bread lover or Oh, no, I'm sorry, coffee bread lover or Oh, no, I'm sorry, it's coffee cake, but I'm also a it's coffee cake, but I'm also a it's coffee cake, but I'm also a certified cinnamon roll lover. I had to certified cinnamon roll lover. I had to certified cinnamon roll lover. I had to pick between two options that I saw on pick between two options that I saw on pick between two options that I saw on Tik Tok, which again this was me trying Tik Tok, which again this was me trying Tik Tok, which again this was me trying not to scroll, but I I only looked up not to scroll, but I I only looked up not to scroll, but I I only looked up what I needed to look up. So again, I what I needed to look up. So again, I what I needed to look up. So again, I was just trying to keep it with was just trying to keep it with was just trying to keep it with necessities and these two popped up on necessities and these two popped up on necessities and these two popped up on my feed. First off, this oh my god, this my feed. First off, this oh my god, this my feed. First off, this oh my god, this protein coffee cake. I nearly had a protein coffee cake. I nearly had a protein coffee cake. I nearly had a stroke just watching this cuz I I love stroke just watching this cuz I I love stroke just watching this cuz I I love coffee cake so much and I wanted to do coffee cake so much and I wanted to do coffee cake so much and I wanted to do this originally, but like since it's this originally, but like since it's this originally, but like since it's already late in the day, we we do not already late in the day, we we do not already late in the day, we we do not have any time, but the second option was have any time, but the second option was have any time, but the second option was this what is this? It's a cinnamon roll this what is this? It's a cinnamon roll this what is this? It's a cinnamon roll baked oats. This feels like it'll be the baked oats. This feels like it'll be the baked oats. This feels like it'll be the easiest one to make. All I got to do is easiest one to make. All I got to do is easiest one to make. All I got to do is like mix it up, bake it and then like like mix it up, bake it and then like like mix it up, bake it and then like make the swirl and that's pretty much make the swirl and that's pretty much make the swirl and that's pretty much it. We got all the ingredients earlier it. We got all the ingredients earlier it. We got all the ingredients earlier while we were just shopping and I'm while we were just shopping and I'm while we were just shopping and I'm going to start making it before it gets going to start making it before it gets going to start making it before it gets any later in the day. any later in the day. any later in the day. This is baking soda by the way, it's This is baking soda by the way, it's This is baking soda by the way, it's just to prevent any fruit [music] flies. These are actually perfect for today. Look how soft these are. These are Look how soft these are. These are Look how soft these are. These are perfect. perfect. perfect. >> That is perfectly soft. >> Thank you. I'm also adding some collagen peptides I'm also adding some collagen peptides I'm also adding some collagen peptides cuz you you can never go you can never cuz you you can never go you can never cuz you you can never go you can never go wrong with just adding this onto go wrong with just adding this onto go wrong with just adding this onto anything, especially if you cannot taste anything, especially if you cannot taste anything, especially if you cannot taste it. This is really good for muscle it. This is really good for muscle it. This is really good for muscle recovery and just for your body in recovery and just for your body in recovery and just for your body in general. So I like to put two scoops. general. So I like to put two scoops. general. So I like to put two scoops. Actually, Actually, Actually, we can do three. we can do three. we can do three. And both of these, of course, are from And both of these, of course, are from And both of these, of course, are from Promix. So, this is going to be the Promix. So, this is going to be the Promix. So, this is going to be the batter for the bake itself. And then, batter for the bake itself. And then, batter for the bake itself. And then, while this is baking, I'm going to make while this is baking, I'm going to make while this is baking, I'm going to make the cinnamon swirl separately. This the cinnamon swirl separately. This the cinnamon swirl separately. This already like smells good. I'm so already like smells good. I'm so already like smells good. I'm so surprised at how quick this actually was surprised at how quick this actually was surprised at how quick this actually was to make, especially if you have all the to make, especially if you have all the to make, especially if you have all the ingredients. You literally just put it ingredients. You literally just put it ingredients. You literally just put it together. If you don't want to do the together. If you don't want to do the together. If you don't want to do the extra mile and make the cinnamon swirl extra mile and make the cinnamon swirl extra mile and make the cinnamon swirl part, you can just have this by itself part, you can just have this by itself part, you can just have this by itself and add like, I don't know, brown sugar and add like, I don't know, brown sugar and add like, I don't know, brown sugar and butter on top, like by itself. I feel so fancy with my apron on. I feel I feel so fancy with my apron on. I feel I feel so fancy with my apron on. I feel like comfortable having the food next to like comfortable having the food next to like comfortable having the food next to my clothes now. All right. my clothes now. All right. my clothes now. All right. I got to get the oven preheated. I got to get the oven preheated. I got to get the oven preheated. Okay. Now, I have to make the cinnamon Okay. Now, I have to make the cinnamon Okay. Now, I have to make the cinnamon swirl. I just warmed up butter. What swirl. I just warmed up butter. What swirl. I just warmed up butter. What else? Okay, I have Now, I have the else? Okay, I have Now, I have the else? Okay, I have Now, I have the cinnamon and brown sugar. 16-calorie cinnamon and brown sugar. 16-calorie cinnamon and brown sugar. 16-calorie brown sugar. brown sugar. brown sugar. I had to. I had to. I had to. Yeah. I'll pour it in Yeah. I'll pour it in Yeah. I'll pour it in while you while you while you hold. This is butter with hold. This is butter with hold. This is butter with cinnamon, brown sugar, and a little bit cinnamon, brown sugar, and a little bit cinnamon, brown sugar, and a little bit of maple syrup. Wednesday, of maple syrup. Wednesday, of maple syrup. Wednesday, as much as I would love for you to taste as much as I would love for you to taste as much as I would love for you to taste this so you can see how great of a baker this so you can see how great of a baker this so you can see how great of a baker I am, you can't. But, you can smell it, I am, you can't. But, you can smell it, I am, you can't. But, you can smell it, I promise. I promise. I promise. >> You should like the batter. >> You should like the batter. >> You should like the batter. >> Thank you. You want to be a chef like >> Thank you. You want to be a chef like >> Thank you. You want to be a chef like me? me? me? You can become a chef like Mom. You can become a chef like Mom. You can become a chef like Mom. Wednesday and I are bonding. We're Wednesday and I are bonding. We're Wednesday and I are bonding. We're talking about uh culinary school. Think talking about uh culinary school. Think talking about uh culinary school. Think that'll be a good fit for her? that'll be a good fit for her? that'll be a good fit for her? >> She just wants to put her paw >> She just wants to put her paw >> She just wants to put her paw >> Yeah, I think that'll be a good fit for >> Yeah, I think that'll be a good fit for >> Yeah, I think that'll be a good fit for her. Culinary school. We'll pay for it. her. Culinary school. We'll pay for it. her. Culinary school. We'll pay for it. >> And then, she could do ballet lessons. >> And then, she could do ballet lessons. >> And then, she could do ballet lessons. >> Aw. >> Aw. >> Aw. >> Or ice skating. I think she'd be a nice >> Or ice skating. I think she'd be a nice >> Or ice skating. I think she'd be a nice skater. skater. skater. >> She would have been a beautiful ice >> She would have been a beautiful ice >> She would have been a beautiful ice skater. Wasn't there a way that they DID THIS? Wasn't there a way that they DID THIS? Wasn't there a way that they DID THIS? OH. OH. OH. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> I LOVE HOW I >> I LOVE HOW I >> I LOVE HOW I THAT LOOKED LIKE I DID INTRUSIVE THAT LOOKED LIKE I DID INTRUSIVE THAT LOOKED LIKE I DID INTRUSIVE THOUGHTS right there. That looked like I THOUGHTS right there. That looked like I THOUGHTS right there. That looked like I was so angry. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> That was easy. >> [music] >> Damn. >> Damn. >> Damn. >> [laughter] >> Brown sugar did that? >> Brown sugar did that? >> Brown sugar did that? >> All right. Looks like it's just easy. >> All right. Looks like it's just easy. >> All right. Looks like it's just easy. And And And Let it Let it Let it Let it cool off for a little bit. >> [music] >> I cannot express how excited I am for >> I cannot express how excited I am for >> I cannot express how excited I am for this bite right now. I was going to try this bite right now. I was going to try this bite right now. I was going to try to like read, but we don't have any time to like read, but we don't have any time to like read, but we don't have any time to read. So, I'm just going to put on my to read. So, I'm just going to put on my to read. So, I'm just going to put on my alarm, eat this, do my nighttime alarm, eat this, do my nighttime alarm, eat this, do my nighttime routine, and head straight to bed, put routine, and head straight to bed, put routine, and head straight to bed, put on my alarms, and then call it a night. on my alarms, and then call it a night. on my alarms, and then call it a night. I really do love that we took all day to I really do love that we took all day to I really do love that we took all day to prioritize less scroll time. It's like prioritize less scroll time. It's like prioritize less scroll time. It's like it was so hard, but really easy at the it was so hard, but really easy at the it was so hard, but really easy at the same time. Okay. So, YouTube was 14 same time. Okay. So, YouTube was 14 same time. Okay. So, YouTube was 14 hours just cuz I had it running in the hours just cuz I had it running in the hours just cuz I had it running in the background. background. background. Instagram, 40 minutes. Sorry. Oh, sorry. Instagram, 40 minutes. Sorry. Oh, sorry. Instagram, 40 minutes. Sorry. Oh, sorry. 34 minutes, which again, my fault. I 34 minutes, which again, my fault. I 34 minutes, which again, my fault. I completely forgot that I was not completely forgot that I was not completely forgot that I was not supposed to scroll today. So, I was supposed to scroll today. So, I was supposed to scroll today. So, I was scrolling for a little bit. Honestly, scrolling for a little bit. Honestly, scrolling for a little bit. Honestly, I'm surprised that I was on it for 34 I'm surprised that I was on it for 34 I'm surprised that I was on it for 34 minutes. It felt like I was on it for minutes. It felt like I was on it for minutes. It felt like I was on it for like 10 minutes. That kind of goes to like 10 minutes. That kind of goes to like 10 minutes. That kind of goes to show like how insanely addictive we are show like how insanely addictive we are show like how insanely addictive we are to our phones, and we don't even realize to our phones, and we don't even realize to our phones, and we don't even realize how much time has passed when we're how much time has passed when we're how much time has passed when we're addictively scrolling. With that being addictively scrolling. With that being addictively scrolling. With that being said, I really enjoyed my no scroll said, I really enjoyed my no scroll said, I really enjoyed my no scroll Sunday today, and I'm definitely going Sunday today, and I'm definitely going Sunday today, and I'm definitely going to try to make it a habit more often. to try to make it a habit more often. to try to make it a habit more often. Like at least maybe once or twice a Like at least maybe once or twice a Like at least maybe once or twice a week. I mean, I'll try to make it only week. I mean, I'll try to make it only week. I mean, I'll try to make it only for Sundays, but honestly, I don't have for Sundays, but honestly, I don't have for Sundays, but honestly, I don't have to be dedicated just for one day out of to be dedicated just for one day out of to be dedicated just for one day out of the week. I can just pick a random day the week. I can just pick a random day the week. I can just pick a random day where I'm feeling like, "Oh, I don't where I'm feeling like, "Oh, I don't where I'm feeling like, "Oh, I don't want to scroll today." I love that I want to scroll today." I love that I want to scroll today." I love that I constantly kept trying to get creative constantly kept trying to get creative constantly kept trying to get creative to do something else other than to do something else other than to do something else other than scrolling, and it really did put my mind scrolling, and it really did put my mind scrolling, and it really did put my mind in focus mode, and it made my attention in focus mode, and it made my attention in focus mode, and it made my attention span relax a little bit. Like literally span relax a little bit. Like literally span relax a little bit. Like literally for dinner, where I would usually for dinner, where I would usually for dinner, where I would usually scroll, which is kind of where I caught scroll, which is kind of where I caught scroll, which is kind of where I caught myself almost scrolling, myself almost scrolling, myself almost scrolling, I realized I was just looking into the I realized I was just looking into the I realized I was just looking into the sky, and I was like, "This feels so sky, and I was like, "This feels so sky, and I was like, "This feels so nice." Like I don't feel nervous or nice." Like I don't feel nervous or nice." Like I don't feel nervous or anxious anymore. Like I need to be anxious anymore. Like I need to be anxious anymore. Like I need to be watching something. May I don't know. I watching something. May I don't know. I watching something. May I don't know. I don't know It felt a little easier don't know It felt a little easier don't know It felt a little easier today, but other days it does feel today, but other days it does feel today, but other days it does feel harder. That by itself just showed me harder. That by itself just showed me harder. That by itself just showed me the whole purpose of this cute see the whole purpose of this cute see the whole purpose of this cute see little no scroll Sunday trend. So, I'm little no scroll Sunday trend. So, I'm little no scroll Sunday trend. So, I'm happy about it. I'm glad I did it. I'm happy about it. I'm glad I did it. I'm happy about it. I'm glad I did it. I'm definitely going to be doing it a lot definitely going to be doing it a lot definitely going to be doing it a lot more often, and I really hope that you more often, and I really hope that you more often, and I really hope that you do it as well within your own routine. I do it as well within your own routine. I do it as well within your own routine. I will see you in the next vlog, and will see you in the next vlog, and will see you in the next vlog, and hopefully [music] we can spend more days hopefully [music] we can spend more days hopefully [music] we can spend more days like this together. Cheers. Bye. >> [music]