I will admit. I will admit. This is me
coming clean. I have an addiction and
that is my phone. [music]
As you can see I'm getting back into the
swing of things on creating content and
filming for YouTube. I feel like I'm
just slowly being myself again. Very
slowly, but surely, trust me. But,
today's actually a really, let's say,
special day because I don't know if I'm
the only one that's been seeing this
trend all over my TikTok feed and my
YouTube feed, ironically, on social
media, but I wanted to try a no scroll
Sunday, which is basically where you
take a day. It could be Sunday, it could
be whatever, but like the trend is on a
Sunday. And you know me, I love I love a
good theme. I wanted to try it out where
basically you kind of It's not really
like a detox from social media, but it's
just like a very healthy habit to build
when you catch yourself being a little
more addicted to your phone recently, if
you catch my drift. Like, we know the
whole talk of doom scrolling and rotting
on your bed and brain rot and stuff like
that. Like, that is a very, very
unhealthy habit that, especially our
generation, deal with because we are
just constantly consuming content and it
creates a very unhealthy addiction to
our phone. And then
consuming a lot of content, we get the
wrong impression that everything needs
like every single day has to look
perfect. It has to be productive. And I
am very guilty of constantly making sure
that my videos are
flooded and filled with something going
on cuz I just love when my vlogs just
have so many things added on to it, even
if I don't do it normally. Sometimes I
am like rotting on the couch and like
doom scrolling and like quite literally
doing nothing. But with that being said,
doom scrolling and being on your phone
all the time can lead to like mental
fog, a short attention span, and a lack
of focus. You know, I I just know that
especially like with Tik Tok, my
attention span is cooked at this point
because I can't even I found myself not
being able to watch like a long movie
without like grabbing my phone like
scrolling. I am very guilty. I will
admit. I will admit. This is me coming
clean. I have an addiction and that is
my phone. That is scrolling. That is
social media. That is looking at other
people's lives and constantly consuming
content 24/7
and I genuinely think or actually I
know. I genuinely know that that has to
do with why my mind and my brain is just
so foggy and why my attention span has
just been so short and I just barely
focus anymore. I'm a certified brain
rotter, but that's okay because that's
why we're taking today to try to cleanse
that and try to make or create a new
habit of a no scroll Sunday, which is
going to be really really hard for me
because on Sundays I'd usually do my
Sunday resets and clean everything or I
just have like a self care Sunday where
I chill and relax since like throughout
the rest of the weekdays, I'm either
training or working, but then again, I
am scrolling a lot when it comes to
social media during my work days too
because as a content creator, obviously
it's a little different the way that we
consume content, but I still think that
it's unhealthy for me to consume that
much content. So, that's why I wanted to
take today to try and challenge myself.
I do love challenging myself no matter
like how much anxiety it makes me feel
inside. I should be challenging myself
more even for like hard moments like
this where got to get off the phone. I
mean, I'm not going to scroll on social
media. YouTube is fine because I can put
on a podcast, music, whatever and for my
other things like my notes, text
messaging, you know, all the whole the
whole shebang. But you just realize how
much like time is wasted while scrolling
when you could have read a chapter in a
book, you could have done a 20-minute
walk, or just like a simple phone call.
You could have like been on the phone
and had like a genuine socializing
conversation with somebody. Like that
could have been done instead of the 20
minutes of scrolling. So that's like
what I'm realizing. I I I actually
realize it in the moment. Why Wait, hang
on. While I'm talking I have to do my
skin care. I realize it in the moment
that oh my gosh, I have been scrolling
for like what feels like forever, and
it's been what? 30, 40 minutes? Like my
time could have been used so much more
productive, or not either just
productive, but so much more meaningful
if I took that 20 minutes of scrolling
and put it into something else. Like I
could have taken So that's why I do try
to push myself to go on my walking pad
or to go on a walk if I'm going to
scroll. So it's kind of like habit
stacking in a sense where I'm like, you
know what? I need to do something
different while I'm scrolling or I've
got to do something while I'm scrolling.
But for today we're going to try to not
scroll at all. That's where the question
comes in where I ask myself, what does
my brain want to do when I'm not
scrolling or when I'm bored? Like what
do I want to do? Personally me, I'm a
very active person. It really depends on
my mood. So if I'm not in the mood to
relax, my brain is like, okay, what is a
way or how is there a way for me to be
active on a day where I'm not training?
Especially like for the summer, it's hot
outside. Like what can I do that's
outdoors or maybe if it's not outdoors,
like what can I do that's just active?
Like what's something that my brain and
my body will thank me for later while
also having fun and distracting myself
to not want to doom scroll on my phone.
Or let's say I'm trying to reserve all
my energy for training the next day, and
I just feel like I want to relax, but I
don't want to just sit down and watch a
movie. I would want my mind to express
personal creativity. Like such just art.
I love art. I was always like such an
art fanatic as a kid. I begged my mom
for an easel and I was never the best
artist. Trust me. Matteo is like a
phenomenal artist which is so ironic.
Also I'm putting on a lot of sunscreen
since we're about to be outside in the
sun. So like I said if I wanted to be
active and doing something with my body
like some type of movement and be
outside. Today we're going to go play
some tennis and be outside for a little
bit. I was outside in the balcony
journaling and drinking my my debloat
drink. Tell me how like two minutes
sitting out there I was already like
getting boob sweat. It was insane. So it
is hot today and it's just going to get
hotter later. That was the morning which
is crazy. So today we decided we're
going to do a little bit of active
recovery with playing tennis and maybe
they go on a walk and chill for a little
bit. I want to try and read because
another thing that I would do is I if
I'm like at least tanning or chilling
outside I catch myself doom scrolling
which is literally insane cuz how how am
I doom scrolling while I'm outside? You
know like I feel like that defeats the
whole purpose of being outside and I'm
like I catch myself and I'm like really
disappointed in myself. So I want to try
something different and I want to try to
find cuz I have so many books in this
house. I want to try to find a book that
I haven't read at all or read all the
way and actually read it outside. Like I
love I love reading. The problem with me
is that I just cannot find a book that I
love. You know what I mean? There's only
like three books out there that I love.
One is I think it's called Sky and Deep.
That is my favorite book and then
growing up as like as a kid or as a
preteen I loved this book called 10
which was So they're both they're both
very dark and I don't know why. I just
like I love a good suspenseful book or
story and I love a good enemies to
lovers but it just has to be like a good
read. It can't just be like another one
that people are just spitting out. I
don't know. I'm just very picky with my
reading and everybody always recommends
book recommends books is that recommend
books to me and the ones that everybody
recommends I want to try. It's just I
don't know. I feel like I need a
visual expectation as to what I want to
expect from the book cuz just like by
word of mouth, I don't know why I just
don't have like creativity within like
my own brain. And you know what? That
probably does have to do with doom
scrolling. You never know, but or not. I
mean I'll I've always been a very visual
learner. If you tell me something like
okay, do A, B, and C. I cannot make up
A, B, and C in my brain. I don't know if
any of you watch like the Unfiltered
podcast, but if you do and you're like
an OG watcher of them, if you know
Mariah and Zane, they have kind of the
same problem where if you were to
explain something to them verbally, they
will
if their life depended on it, they
cannot make that up in their head. They
would have to see it to understand. So,
I have that exact problem where I cannot
visualize anything until you actually
show me. Really depends honestly. I can
make up something in my brain, but it is
like the opposite of what somebody just
like verbally explained to me. So, yeah.
That's why I have an issue when it comes
to reading any book recommendations cuz
I really I really just need to
understand and see it before I read it
cuz I hate picking out a book or buying
a book and then like being bored within
the first three or four pages or like at
least the second chapter. If I'm bored
by the second chapter, I'm like oh my
god, I don't like now I really now I
hate reading. So, it ruins the whole
reading experience for me. So, yeah. I
have so many books. I have like five
self-help books that I already read like
three of them and I don't feel like
reading them again. I mean, it really
depends. I I I just don't feel like
reading them again. I feel like it's
okay and it's like actually good for you
to read some self-help books that you
haven't read in a while to kind of
rewire your brain back to how you felt
when you first read it, but just
personally me, I just want to read a
good book. I want to feel like I'm
watching a movie or a show or I'm
listening to a story that I'm actually
invested in. So, I don't think I have
any of that here cuz I would have read
it by now, but I'm going to find any
book any book in this place that I will
try to read outside. And if I don't end
up liking it, it's okay. I think the
whole point of it all is to just be
present in the moment and to actually
experience life that's in front of you
because I'm turning 25 in December and I
still feel so young. Like nothing I'm
like at the same time I'm getting scared
of getting older because like one minute
I I felt like I was just 20 and now I'm
like, "Oh my god, I'm 24 already." And
it's like, "Oh my god, life is going by
so fast. I feel like I haven't
accomplished anything anymore." But I do
feel like that fear and anxiety
definitely has to
come from the constant consumption of
content. Especially creating content. I
feel like I always have to one-up my
content the next time that I create
anything. So, that's going to be the
whole point of today. I got to be
present. I want to experience life as it
is and actually
enjoy life. I do do this normally. I do
like to get off my phone. Like even if
it's just like sitting on the couch and
just watching YouTube on the TV or
playing with the cats. Honestly, playing
with the cats is like one of my most
favorite minor things to do other than
scrolling on your phone. Like I don't
know, it's just like these cats have
saved my life in many many many dark
times. Speaking of which, just wanted to
say this out loud. I really miss Moon
because when I used to do these moments
where I talk to the camera, it would
always be him screaming at me. He'd be
rubbing on my legs right now and like
just screaming for attention and I just
realized that I
I really miss it. But I'm going to get
back on topic. Today we're going to get
offline. I just got dressed. I actually
got it off the TikTok shop. Y'all
already know I get almost every single
dupe on the TikTok shop until a
sportswear brand wants to, you know, hit
up your girl. Until then, everything's
just on the TikTok shop for it. So, if
anybody needs a link or wants to use my
code for any outfit, I don't have one.
But yeah, I'm excited. I hope me
challenging myself to do this today will
inspire you, make you want to challenge
yourself to have like a no scroll Sunday
or like just pick a day out of the week
where you don't want to scroll or just
take a whole even if you want to do it
right now today, whatever in this moment
you want to challenge yourself and do it
for yourself to be more intentional with
experiencing life in front of you. I'm
also a huge colorer, so I'm going to
bring a coloring book and some markers
so that if I end up not liking the book,
I can just color for a little bit and
that'll definitely save me just in case
like I regret bringing a book. I'm going
to put on my Invisalign. I've been
trying to stay good and consistent with
my Invisalign cuz I thought I was going
to be done like a couple weeks ago, but
I I don't know why I completely forgot,
but I just didn't know that I had a
second session. So I'm going to do 21
more weeks of this and
I don't know, I'm just over it by now
and I hate putting them on cuz I hate
speaking in them, but I got I got to
commit.
I did pay for them, so.
That's the biggest motivator. If you
paid a lot for your Invisalign, you best
believe I'm putting it on every day. I
like to use this little retainer
cleaner. It literally saves me,
especially if I feel gross putting on my
Invisalign. This kills 99.999%
of bacteria. It prevents stains, kills
bacteria, whitens teeth, and freshens
your breath. And if you know anything
about Invisalign,
it's not it's not that sanitary unless
you like really really take care of it.
I try my best to take care of it. Like I
try to brush my teeth, rinse my mouth,
brush the Invisalign
itself before I put it back on.
Um, but still even that's not enough
unless you like have one of those a
sanitizer type cleaner that you can put
your Invisalign in. Just for the extra
sanitation, I put on that retainer
cleaner. It's been a lifesaver,
especially like if I hate feeling like
I'm going to have bad breath with the
Invisalign, but you got to do what you
got to do. Plus, I have to finish the
rest of my coffee. I I give the rest to
Matteo.
We've made it [music] to the tennis
courts and I forgot to mention this, but
Matt and I have been holding off on a
project for way too long. We have had
these like random canvases that we found
at a garbage chute and cuz like people
were throwing them away. Once we got
them, we were like, "Oh my god, let's
like paint white over them and then like
add our own art to it." We've had these
for months though. These have been so
overdue, this project. I thought that
was a good idea. So right now we're just
putting on a white base for now, and
then while we let these dry, we're going
to play some tennis. Hopefully, it
doesn't rain. I'm hearing thunder. It
said it was going to rain at 2:00.
However, we have 2 hours, but it looks
like it's about to approach. So, fingers
crossed that we do not get rained on cuz
that would suck, especially with all
these canvases. We don't want to We
don't want to get any paint in the car.
Oh my god.
Damn, how do you [music] hit with two
hands without it being so hard?
Guys, it's about to get real. We're
taking this game very seriously. Well,
at least I am. And I see you
hitting the ball on the wall.
Nice.
And you missed it. Guys, comment who you
think's going to win.
See? Look at that.
A1 athlete [music] over here.
Run.
What?
You had all this stuff just sitting
there like
There it's really really cloudy and it
looks like it's going to rain over
there, but if anything we actually are
really lucky with all this cloudiness
because then the sun is not killing us.
Pretty sure the UVs are still like kind
of like passing through some of these
clouds. Dude, last time we played tennis
in the sun it was horrendous. Like we
were dripping sweat. So, if anything
it's actually a good thing that [music]
it's cloudy today.
Yeah.
Run, buddy. [music]
Um, we're back. So, we've made it home
back from the park and around this time
is usually like where I find myself
scrolling and wanting to just be on
social media for a hot minute because
I'm like now winding down and like
chilling. So,
it's going to be real hard for me to not
doom scroll right now, but with that
being said, uh, let's see how much
screen time I actually had cuz I was on
my phone, you know, like for the GPS and
for like Safari. I did also edit my
thumbnail and I'm texting my manager.
So, I'm I've been mainly using my phone
for like, you know, things that need to
be done. But, other than that, this is
so far how my screen time looks. Mainly
YouTube cuz I had on, you know, a
podcast, music. I were I was on YouTube
to also like try to upload my video.
Messages, yeah. My Instagram, it says
I've only been on Instagram for like 5
minutes, which to be fair, I was just
posting. I caught myself about to scroll
on Instagram, but I went on it just to
like post a little story on my
Instagram, but other than that, I have
been really good on my screen time. I'm
for sure my screen time on a regular day
probably looks much worse than that, but
luckily I'm staying consistent and I'm
determined to do this no scroll Sunday
the right way, but at the same time not
pressuring myself. But, again, this is
usually the time where I would find
myself scrolling. I also wanted to start
on some home decor projects that I've
been wanting to do for a while. So, not
only do we have the canvases that we
painted at the park that's drying. We're
probably going to do some paint like
artwork tonight or or later today. It
really depends cuz it is Sunday, so we
want to go to bed early so we can have
our 5:00 a.m. training morning routine
bright and early. So, we need a lot of
sleep tonight. I actually went shopping
yesterday did a little retail therapy at
HomeGoods and TJ Maxx because I really
really, nobody judge me for this, I
really want to put up curtains in my
closet office and my bedroom. Now, to be
fair, I already have like, you know, the
shades that go up and down. The only
thing is is that that prevents a lot of
lighting in the room, which is fine,
which is okay for like night time or
like when I don't want too much light in
the room. But, like on a daily basis,
especially for content or just like for
my eyes, I love having the windows fully
open with like the sun coming in or just
like some brightness in
the apartment because I just don't like
feeling like I'm in a dungeon. So, these
curtains, they're pretty thick, but
they're a little see-through. But, when
I close them, a lot of light is like
prevented to come inside the apartment.
I went on a hunt at HomeGoods and TJ
Maxx to find somewhat see-through
curtains that are beige, but can also
cover up a little bit because I want to
be able to open up my window I want to
be able to open up my curtains and have
my windows open. The only issue is that
our apartment window faces like two
other apartment buildings and like we're
also a little bit on the lower floor, so
we don't really get that much privacy. I
just love the privacy of like knowing
that nobody's watching me. I just have
that anxiety like even if I'm not doing
anything like the main issue also is cuz
whenever I have the window open, I
change and I don't like the feeling that
there's like a window 2 ft away from me
of somebody else's apartment and I don't
I just don't like that. With these
curtains that I found, basically they're
a little thin, like they're somewhat
see-through. Like if you open like the
apartment shade and keep these curtains
closed, it'll get a good amount of light
into the room. Like, I just want my room
to be brightened up with natural
lighting. Also, just for my brain to
wake up as well. I don't like it when
you feel like you're in the dungeon. I
feel like it's dark in the apartment. I
personally like natural light in my
room, in the living room, like
everywhere. With these curtains, it's
going to help a lot that I could keep
the curtains open while also having a
little bit of privacy, especially in the
closet office, because I like to change
there. I have no privacy and I just feel
violated and I just want to change in
peace. So, just understand my vision
here. I'm trying to have privacy while
also having some natural light be able
to come into the room. Matt is getting
the mounts up right now. We got to get
the rods up. And what else? I also have
some shelves that we found. Somebody was
throwing them out and we ended up just
taking them cuz they were about to get
tossed out. So, like, why not? Another
man's trash is another man's treasure.
And I do that all the time. I always
find a way to find somebody else's trash
and make it into something
usable and beautiful. Now, my plan is to
somewhat have it in my closet office to
put like my perfumes, my deodorant. And
then the other one I wanted to probably
see if I want to put it in my bathroom.
So, I'm just going to mount up some
shelves as well while Matt mounts up the
shades. Uh sorry, the mounts for the
poles for the curtains. And also, the
bed is still naked because it is still
Sunday reset and we have the sheets
washing and drying. So, that's all going
on. I also have laundry I got to do. I
realized [clears throat] like I
literally have nothing to wear cuz I'm
wearing like somewhat pajama, but also
like loungewear clothes. Like, these are
pajama pants, but then this is like a
random brown t-shirt. So, I really have
nothing to wear, but I wanted to be
cozy, but also like fashionable at the
same time. We're still getting some
things done around the house. We're
trying everything to not be on our
phones and scrolling and to just focus
on one thing at a time and to have this
mental fog just slow down, clear up, so
I can have a clear state of mind, have a
clear drive, and know what I'm doing
without stressing. I don't know if you
saw in my last vlog, but I ended up
finally turning this whole wall into an
actual like closet, cuz I had like two
different What are they called? Wardrobe
holders? Like they're like separate, and
didn't look nice. I always wanted like
one of those wardrobe white cubbies, but
this is the most affordable one. Like I
just got these rods and these mounts all
from like Home Depot.
All right, I'm really really happy with
the final results. It actually makes the
room look, I don't know, like it just
gives like a vibe. Like it makes it look
so much more larger. It's so much better
to have like
see-through curtains than to just have a
bare window open, especially if my view
is just other people's apartment. But I
don't know if you can see up there,
there used to be like the blackout
curtains. I don't know if you can see, I
actually
cut off the sides cuz I was actually
going to like cut them off completely,
but I was like, you know what? We don't
have any blackout curtains, so like you
never know if we ever want to use them,
I wanted to save them. I would just
rolled it up instead and kept it up at
the top. But as you can see, this is how
it looks with the shade completely up,
and there's still so much great natural
lighting in there. And also, don't don't
mind this. This is the foster kittens
setup. We have
the babies' old scratch tower here and
that other old scratch tower. This is
the art piece that we painted earlier
today, but it's literally been like the
ceiling for this cage cuz they like to
get out along with like the sheet, and
we still haven't put this one up, and we
were going to put it up for the video
cuz I originally wanted it, you know, on
here since it's like a naked wall.
However, we
we ran out of screws because we used
like two there, two there, and then the
other four over there, and then with
these new shelves, I ended up needing
one and two. There's a third one, but
again, we ran out of screws, and then
again, for all these hooks. We were
using a lot of screws, and that just
means I'm completely out. But here's how
the corner looks so far. I actually
really love it. I'm not 100% with these
paddles. I really do want these paddles
here since it really matches the wood on
the shelf, but I do love the little
picture here. This is actually from my
photographer friend Sam. And I have the
plant here
and I switched up the stuff in here.
This used to be in our bathroom, this
little acrylic shelf. And I was like,
you know what? Might as well. This is
like an empty space now and I just put
like all the larger things I couldn't
fit on like this little shelf up on
here. And I actually love it since it's
like see-through, so it doesn't feel too
cluttered. And then up here, originally
I actually had just this plastic thing
purse like in the middle, but I have it
up here. I might just hang it. It looks
really really cute there along with this
mini little sword. And yeah, that's
basically how the closet office is
looking so far. I'm obsessed. And then,
now for the bedroom, the bedroom looks
so much more I don't know what the right
word is, like fancy maybe. See, kind of
like a hotel room. Sheets still have to
wash and dry, but yeah, see, right here
are the sheets and underneath is a load
of laundry. We might get this done real
quick and as you can see,
we're just we're just organizing today.
Anything but scrolling on our phone.
Also, this is not a mess. This is
actually just the cats' play area. You
know, they love boxes. We haven't been
buying them any new toys. We've just
been creating trash.
Uh sorry, we just make
We've [snorts] just been creating toys
out of trash. So, yeah, it's not much to
impress a kitty.
The hardest part is finding some ice
cream without splurging. Oh my god,
these are buy get one free.
Is there any like just vanilla? The only
one that I like to get from this brand
is the raspberry and or pistachio or the
coffee. Yeah, I'm a sucker for the
coffee one and the pistachio one. It's
I'm I'm I'm really bad.
It is now officially pretty late in the
day and I honestly did just catch myself
scrolling a little bit because I was
about to put on a podcast and then I
literally was like after three videos, I
was like mid scroll. I was like I
I literally said out loud, "Oh my god, I
caught myself mid scroll." and I went
immediately back to the podcast and I
kept on eating. I was so disappointed in
myself. I was like, "Oh my god, it's
it's quite literally second nature at
this point." Luckily, I stopped myself
halfway, but now that we have finished
eating dinner,
I thought it would be cute
to also end off the night baking a
little something. I saw this recipe. Oh
my god, if I can get this apron on, that
would be
that would be phenomenal. Oh my god,
what's happening here? Oh, I was looking
for like a high protein bake recipe and
first thing that popped up into mind
obviously is like, you know, protein
cookies, protein banana bread, but I'm
Oh, hi Wednesday. I'm a certified like
coffee bread lover or Oh, no, I'm sorry,
it's coffee cake, but I'm also a
certified cinnamon roll lover. I had to
pick between two options that I saw on
Tik Tok, which again this was me trying
not to scroll, but I I only looked up
what I needed to look up. So again, I
was just trying to keep it with
necessities and these two popped up on
my feed. First off, this oh my god, this
protein coffee cake. I nearly had a
stroke just watching this cuz I I love
coffee cake so much and I wanted to do
this originally, but like since it's
already late in the day, we we do not
have any time, but the second option was
this what is this? It's a cinnamon roll
baked oats. This feels like it'll be the
easiest one to make. All I got to do is
like mix it up, bake it and then like
make the swirl and that's pretty much
it. We got all the ingredients earlier
while we were just shopping and I'm
going to start making it before it gets
any later in the day.
This is baking soda by the way, it's
just to prevent any fruit [music] flies.
These are actually perfect for today.
Look how soft these are. These are
perfect.
That is perfectly soft.
Thank you.
I'm also adding some collagen peptides
cuz you you can never go you can never
go wrong with just adding this onto
anything, especially if you cannot taste
it. This is really good for muscle
recovery and just for your body in
general. So I like to put two scoops.
Actually,
we can do three.
And both of these, of course, are from
Promix. So, this is going to be the
batter for the bake itself. And then,
while this is baking, I'm going to make
the cinnamon swirl separately. This
already like smells good. I'm so
surprised at how quick this actually was
to make, especially if you have all the
ingredients. You literally just put it
together. If you don't want to do the
extra mile and make the cinnamon swirl
part, you can just have this by itself
and add like, I don't know, brown sugar
and butter on top, like by itself.
I feel so fancy with my apron on. I feel
like comfortable having the food next to
my clothes now. All right.
I got to get the oven preheated.
Okay. Now, I have to make the cinnamon
swirl. I just warmed up butter. What
else? Okay, I have Now, I have the
cinnamon and brown sugar. 16-calorie
brown sugar.
I had to.
Yeah. I'll pour it in
while you
hold. This is butter with
cinnamon, brown sugar, and a little bit
of maple syrup. Wednesday,
as much as I would love for you to taste
this so you can see how great of a baker
I am, you can't. But, you can smell it,
I promise.
You should like the batter.
Thank you. You want to be a chef like
me?
You can become a chef like Mom.
Wednesday and I are bonding. We're
talking about uh culinary school. Think
that'll be a good fit for her?
She just wants to put her paw
Yeah, I think that'll be a good fit for
her. Culinary school. We'll pay for it.
And then, she could do ballet lessons.
Aw.
Or ice skating. I think she'd be a nice
skater.
She would have been a beautiful ice
skater.
Wasn't there a way that they DID THIS?
OH.
I LOVE HOW I
THAT LOOKED LIKE I DID INTRUSIVE
THOUGHTS right there. That looked like I
was so angry.
That was easy.
Damn.
Brown sugar did that?
All right. Looks like it's just easy.
And
Let it cool off for a little bit.
I cannot express how excited I am for
this bite right now. I was going to try
to like read, but we don't have any time
to read. So, I'm just going to put on my
alarm, eat this, do my nighttime
routine, and head straight to bed, put
on my alarms, and then call it a night.
I really do love that we took all day to
prioritize less scroll time. It's like
it was so hard, but really easy at the
same time. Okay. So, YouTube was 14
hours just cuz I had it running in the
background.
Instagram, 40 minutes. Sorry. Oh, sorry.
34 minutes, which again, my fault. I
completely forgot that I was not
supposed to scroll today. So, I was
scrolling for a little bit. Honestly,
I'm surprised that I was on it for 34
minutes. It felt like I was on it for
like 10 minutes. That kind of goes to
show like how insanely addictive we are
to our phones, and we don't even realize
how much time has passed when we're
addictively scrolling. With that being
said, I really enjoyed my no scroll
Sunday today, and I'm definitely going
to try to make it a habit more often.
Like at least maybe once or twice a
week. I mean, I'll try to make it only
for Sundays, but honestly, I don't have
to be dedicated just for one day out of
the week. I can just pick a random day
where I'm feeling like, "Oh, I don't
want to scroll today." I love that I
constantly kept trying to get creative
to do something else other than
scrolling, and it really did put my mind
in focus mode, and it made my attention
span relax a little bit. Like literally
for dinner, where I would usually
scroll, which is kind of where I caught
myself almost scrolling,
I realized I was just looking into the
sky, and I was like, "This feels so
nice." Like I don't feel nervous or
anxious anymore. Like I need to be
watching something. May I don't know. I
don't know It felt a little easier
today, but other days it does feel
harder. That by itself just showed me
the whole purpose of this cute see
little no scroll Sunday trend. So, I'm
happy about it. I'm glad I did it. I'm
definitely going to be doing it a lot
more often, and I really hope that you
do it as well within your own routine. I
will see you in the next vlog, and
hopefully [music] we can spend more days
like this together. Cheers. Bye.
