I sent my father to the dairy to get some supplies.  Dad was having a I sent my father to the dairy to get some supplies.  Dad was having a I sent my father to the dairy to get some supplies.  Dad was having a chat with his brother, and I told him how much I had chat with his brother, and I told him how much I had chat with his brother, and I told him how much I had talked to him about getting him to come quickly from upstairs. talked to him about getting him to come quickly from upstairs. talked to him about getting him to come quickly from upstairs. Meanwhile, my brother kept Meanwhile, my brother kept Meanwhile, my brother kept chatting with his grandfather, saying that he would come in a moment. chatting with his grandfather, saying that he would come in a moment. chatting with his grandfather, saying that he would come in a moment. How stupid is that?  I was How stupid is that?  I was How stupid is that?  I was having tea here and they also came, didn't they? They having tea here and they also came, didn't they? They having tea here and they also came, didn't they? They brought their brother. Even my sister brought their brother. Even my sister brought their brother. Even my sister thinks it's so much fun to play with Grandpa. And the thinks it's so much fun to play with Grandpa. And the thinks it's so much fun to play with Grandpa. And the son brought all the things he said, "Brought everything, son brought all the things he said, "Brought everything, son brought all the things he said, "Brought everything, sir." He went inside, saying, "How much has it been?"  Brother, if you sir." He went inside, saying, "How much has it been?"  Brother, if you sir." He went inside, saying, "How much has it been?"  Brother, if you eat tea, you don't eat. Hey, are these eat tea, you don't eat. Hey, are these eat tea, you don't eat. Hey, are these two brothers going to sit together for a while after they get together two brothers going to sit together for a while after they get together two brothers going to sit together for a while after they get together and play the game? Yeah.