>> Good morning. It is a little past 5:00 >> Good morning. It is a little past 5:00 >> Good morning. It is a little past 5:00 a.m. right now, and I'm going to head a.m. right now, and I'm going to head a.m. right now, and I'm going to head down to get some work done. I've gotten down to get some work done. I've gotten down to get some work done. I've gotten into the habit of waking up really early into the habit of waking up really early into the habit of waking up really early on Saturdays. The past 2 weeks, I was up on Saturdays. The past 2 weeks, I was up on Saturdays. The past 2 weeks, I was up like at 4:00. like at 4:00. like at 4:00. Today was a little later, but let's head Today was a little later, but let's head Today was a little later, but let's head down and down and down and I'm going to do a practice exam, and I'm going to do a practice exam, and I'm going to do a practice exam, and then I'm going to work out, take a then I'm going to work out, take a then I'm going to work out, take a shower, get myself awoke, and we'll go shower, get myself awoke, and we'll go shower, get myself awoke, and we'll go on with the rest of the day. But, I have on with the rest of the day. But, I have on with the rest of the day. But, I have two midterms on the same day this two midterms on the same day this two midterms on the same day this Tuesday, so we need to study for it Tuesday, so we need to study for it Tuesday, so we need to study for it together. So, let's go. >> [music] >> Yogurt with Nilla Wafers? Okay. Hello. I just finished eating my Hello. I just finished eating my Hello. I just finished eating my breakfast, so now let's get ready. It's breakfast, so now let's get ready. It's breakfast, so now let's get ready. It's a little past 9:30 now, and the plan for a little past 9:30 now, and the plan for a little past 9:30 now, and the plan for today is I'm going to go do a little today is I'm going to go do a little today is I'm going to go do a little more studying. Normally, I spend my more studying. Normally, I spend my more studying. Normally, I spend my entire Saturdays studying and getting entire Saturdays studying and getting entire Saturdays studying and getting work done, so I can have my Sundays work done, so I can have my Sundays work done, so I can have my Sundays free, but the plan is a little shifted free, but the plan is a little shifted free, but the plan is a little shifted today because I have to do deliberations today because I have to do deliberations today because I have to do deliberations for interviews that we did for a club for interviews that we did for a club for interviews that we did for a club that I'm in, and that's going to be like that I'm in, and that's going to be like that I'm in, and that's going to be like 4 hours, 3 or 4 hours, which is not fun. 4 hours, 3 or 4 hours, which is not fun. 4 hours, 3 or 4 hours, which is not fun. But, that's the thing that I'm doing But, that's the thing that I'm doing But, that's the thing that I'm doing today, and at 11:00, I'm first getting today, and at 11:00, I'm first getting today, and at 11:00, I'm first getting brunch with my friend, which I'm very brunch with my friend, which I'm very brunch with my friend, which I'm very excited for. We're going to Tartine, excited for. We're going to Tartine, excited for. We're going to Tartine, which is one of my favorite brunch which is one of my favorite brunch which is one of my favorite brunch spots, but I haven't been in such a long spots, but I haven't been in such a long spots, but I haven't been in such a long time. So, that's going to be at 11:00, time. So, that's going to be at 11:00, time. So, that's going to be at 11:00, and then I have deliberations until 3:00 and then I have deliberations until 3:00 and then I have deliberations until 3:00 p.m. And then after that, I really need p.m. And then after that, I really need p.m. And then after that, I really need to lock in and get work done because I to lock in and get work done because I to lock in and get work done because I have two finals on the same day on have two finals on the same day on have two finals on the same day on Tuesday, which is not going to be fun at Tuesday, which is not going to be fun at Tuesday, which is not going to be fun at all, especially because they're for two all, especially because they're for two all, especially because they're for two of my hardest classes, and I have of my hardest classes, and I have of my hardest classes, and I have literally no idea what's going on. Like, literally no idea what's going on. Like, literally no idea what's going on. Like, trying to do practice tests, and it's trying to do practice tests, and it's trying to do practice tests, and it's just been so hard. I cannot be bothered. just been so hard. I cannot be bothered. just been so hard. I cannot be bothered. That's okay, because at least I do have That's okay, because at least I do have That's okay, because at least I do have some good news that happened this past some good news that happened this past some good news that happened this past week, which has made my life a lot week, which has made my life a lot week, which has made my life a lot better. So, I believe that everything better. So, I believe that everything better. So, I believe that everything will work out, and honestly, grades are will work out, and honestly, grades are will work out, and honestly, grades are not that deep. I really need to let go not that deep. I really need to let go not that deep. I really need to let go of my obsession with keeping my 4.0. I of my obsession with keeping my 4.0. I of my obsession with keeping my 4.0. I feel like I've just been trying not to feel like I've just been trying not to feel like I've just been trying not to care as much anymore, because it's just care as much anymore, because it's just care as much anymore, because it's just so much more freeing, and you live a so much more freeing, and you live a so much more freeing, and you live a much happier life. Let things be, and much happier life. Let things be, and much happier life. Let things be, and let life unfold, because I believe that let life unfold, because I believe that let life unfold, because I believe that the best things are going to happen, and the best things are going to happen, and the best things are going to happen, and they always do. So, that's how life they always do. So, that's how life they always do. So, that's how life works out for me. Anyways, I'm rambling. works out for me. Anyways, I'm rambling. works out for me. Anyways, I'm rambling. I need to get ready, and then I'm going I need to get ready, and then I'm going I need to get ready, and then I'm going to head down to our dining hall, and to head down to our dining hall, and to head down to our dining hall, and then I have about a little over an hour then I have about a little over an hour then I have about a little over an hour to get work done. And today, I'm going to put on this And today, I'm going to put on this And today, I'm going to put on this gorgeous Gucci lipstick. I have have not gorgeous Gucci lipstick. I have have not gorgeous Gucci lipstick. I have have not like used it a lot since I got it. I like used it a lot since I got it. I like used it a lot since I got it. I think it's so pretty. It's so moisturizing, and I really like It's so moisturizing, and I really like It's so moisturizing, and I really like the color. Adding some gloss with this the color. Adding some gloss with this the color. Adding some gloss with this YSL gloss. YSL gloss. YSL gloss. Let's head out. Let's go and get work Let's head out. Let's go and get work Let's head out. Let's go and get work done. And of course, I can't forget my done. And of course, I can't forget my done. And of course, I can't forget my crystal bracelets. I genuinely Okay, crystal bracelets. I genuinely Okay, crystal bracelets. I genuinely Okay, like there's definitely a science behind like there's definitely a science behind like there's definitely a science behind crystals, because it's something about crystals, because it's something about crystals, because it's something about like the vibration and the energy and like the vibration and the energy and like the vibration and the energy and the ability to vibrate at the same the ability to vibrate at the same the ability to vibrate at the same thing. Like, some sort of scientific thing. Like, some sort of scientific thing. Like, some sort of scientific backing to it. But, I swear that it's backing to it. But, I swear that it's backing to it. But, I swear that it's actually been helping me so much. I'm actually been helping me so much. I'm actually been helping me so much. I'm sure it has also to do with like sure it has also to do with like sure it has also to do with like manifestation and like your subconscious manifestation and like your subconscious manifestation and like your subconscious overall. But, I'm wearing this obsidian overall. But, I'm wearing this obsidian overall. But, I'm wearing this obsidian one and also this purple quartz. I'm not one and also this purple quartz. I'm not one and also this purple quartz. I'm not sure what the exact name is. These are sure what the exact name is. These are sure what the exact name is. These are supposed to help you with like your supposed to help you with like your supposed to help you with like your career and money and school and stuff career and money and school and stuff career and money and school and stuff like that, and I feel like that's just like that, and I feel like that's just like that, and I feel like that's just been doing wonders for me. And this is been doing wonders for me. And this is been doing wonders for me. And this is to clean out any negative energy, so I to clean out any negative energy, so I to clean out any negative energy, so I also love to wear my clear quartz just also love to wear my clear quartz just also love to wear my clear quartz just for my emotional health and getting rid for my emotional health and getting rid for my emotional health and getting rid of any emotional burden. Okay, I'm all of any emotional burden. Okay, I'm all of any emotional burden. Okay, I'm all ready to go. So, let's head out and go ready to go. So, let's head out and go ready to go. So, let's head out and go get more work done. Picking my perfume get more work done. Picking my perfume get more work done. Picking my perfume of the day. I literally got so obsessed of the day. I literally got so obsessed of the day. I literally got so obsessed with this Miu Miu perfume. I swear this with this Miu Miu perfume. I swear this with this Miu Miu perfume. I swear this perfume smells so good. I'm literally perfume smells so good. I'm literally perfume smells so good. I'm literally just like smelling myself all day, which just like smelling myself all day, which just like smelling myself all day, which sounds so weird, but it actually smells sounds so weird, but it actually smells sounds so weird, but it actually smells so cozy and I just love it. so cozy and I just love it. so cozy and I just love it. Let's go. Let's head to brunch. [snorts] Shakshuka. Shakshuka. Shakshuka. Yay! Yay! Yay! >> [crying] >> Hello, it is 5:00 p.m. and I'm finally >> Hello, it is 5:00 p.m. and I'm finally >> Hello, it is 5:00 p.m. and I'm finally back and I got a little sweet treat back and I got a little sweet treat back and I got a little sweet treat because I was feeling like very stressed because I was feeling like very stressed because I was feeling like very stressed and just like not in the right and just like not in the right and just like not in the right headspace. Like whenever it gets to headspace. Like whenever it gets to headspace. Like whenever it gets to midterm season and it's just a lot going midterm season and it's just a lot going midterm season and it's just a lot going on. on. on. I got Dubai chocolate froyo and it's I got Dubai chocolate froyo and it's I got Dubai chocolate froyo and it's like Greek froyo so it tastes so good. like Greek froyo so it tastes so good. like Greek froyo so it tastes so good. It's like frozen Greek yogurt. They add It's like frozen Greek yogurt. They add It's like frozen Greek yogurt. They add this pistachio sauce and kataifi on the this pistachio sauce and kataifi on the this pistachio sauce and kataifi on the top. Beautiful. I'm so excited. So, I'm top. Beautiful. I'm so excited. So, I'm top. Beautiful. I'm so excited. So, I'm going to enjoy this little cup and then going to enjoy this little cup and then going to enjoy this little cup and then I have some frozen fruits. I have some frozen fruits. I have some frozen fruits. So, this is my little sweet treat and So, this is my little sweet treat and So, this is my little sweet treat and then I'm going to rest for the rest of then I'm going to rest for the rest of then I'm going to rest for the rest of the night. I normally don't rest on like the night. I normally don't rest on like the night. I normally don't rest on like Saturdays but because tomorrow I am Saturdays but because tomorrow I am Saturdays but because tomorrow I am going to be locking in. I'm going to be going to be locking in. I'm going to be going to be locking in. I'm going to be getting more work done with a friend. getting more work done with a friend. getting more work done with a friend. We're going to a cafe and I'll take you We're going to a cafe and I'll take you We're going to a cafe and I'll take you guys along with me because I feel like guys along with me because I feel like guys along with me because I feel like this vlog is going to be a little short this vlog is going to be a little short this vlog is going to be a little short if I just end it here. So, we're going if I just end it here. So, we're going if I just end it here. So, we're going to go and study some more at a very good to go and study some more at a very good to go and study some more at a very good cafe with the best matcha, but I'm going cafe with the best matcha, but I'm going cafe with the best matcha, but I'm going to rest after this. Let's do a quick to rest after this. Let's do a quick to rest after this. Let's do a quick taste test before I leave. >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> I'll see you in a bit. Hello. Good morning. It is a little past Hello. Good morning. It is a little past Hello. Good morning. It is a little past 10:00 a.m. and I'm up a bit later today 10:00 a.m. and I'm up a bit later today 10:00 a.m. and I'm up a bit later today just because first of all, I got always just because first of all, I got always just because first of all, I got always get up on Sundays very late. Like get up on Sundays very late. Like get up on Sundays very late. Like usually I'm up at like 11:00. So, this usually I'm up at like 11:00. So, this usually I'm up at like 11:00. So, this is quite early, but it's also daylight is quite early, but it's also daylight is quite early, but it's also daylight savings today. So, we're losing an hour savings today. So, we're losing an hour savings today. So, we're losing an hour of sleep. So, it's technically like only of sleep. So, it's technically like only of sleep. So, it's technically like only 9:00 a.m., but I'm going out to a cafe 9:00 a.m., but I'm going out to a cafe 9:00 a.m., but I'm going out to a cafe with a friend to get studying done for with a friend to get studying done for with a friend to get studying done for like the next 7 hours. They have a like the next 7 hours. They have a like the next 7 hours. They have a really good matcha and I haven't been really good matcha and I haven't been really good matcha and I haven't been out to Boston in like a long time. So, out to Boston in like a long time. So, out to Boston in like a long time. So, I'm very excited for that. I don't like I'm very excited for that. I don't like I'm very excited for that. I don't like to do makeup on Sundays, but since I'm to do makeup on Sundays, but since I'm to do makeup on Sundays, but since I'm going out, let's just do some like going out, let's just do some like going out, let's just do some like concealer and blush. Some brow gel. Bracelets come on. This is pink quartz Bracelets come on. This is pink quartz Bracelets come on. This is pink quartz and it's supposed to help with and it's supposed to help with and it's supposed to help with relationships and just overall energy relationships and just overall energy relationships and just overall energy and vibe. Here's the jewelry for today. and vibe. Here's the jewelry for today. and vibe. Here's the jewelry for today. Okay, let's get going and I don't want Okay, let's get going and I don't want Okay, let's get going and I don't want to be late. So, I'll see you guys in a to be late. So, I'll see you guys in a to be late. So, I'll see you guys in a few minutes. We have a cozy fit today. The top is We have a cozy fit today. The top is We have a cozy fit today. The top is from Skims and these sweatpants are from from Skims and these sweatpants are from from Skims and these sweatpants are from I think they're from Aerie, maybe. But I think they're from Aerie, maybe. But I think they're from Aerie, maybe. But let's get going. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Thank you. Of course. Thank you. Of course. Thank you. Of course. Can you send the pictures to me? Can you send the pictures to me? Can you send the pictures to me? I like how my iPad came I like how my iPad came I like how my iPad came I'm sitting here so pretty. I'm sitting here so pretty. I'm sitting here so pretty. Look at this little baby. A lot strawberry. Finish our matcha. It's 1:37 now. And we Finish our matcha. It's 1:37 now. And we Finish our matcha. It's 1:37 now. And we got this truffle sandwich that looks so got this truffle sandwich that looks so got this truffle sandwich that looks so delicious. Wow. delicious. Wow. delicious. Wow. Yay. Yay. Yay. Yay. Sunday Sunday. I'm so excited. Let's get Sunday Sunday. I'm so excited. Let's get Sunday Sunday. I'm so excited. Let's get some ice cream. some ice cream. some ice cream. Thank you. Hello, it's 7:00 p.m. and I'm back in my Hello, it's 7:00 p.m. and I'm back in my Hello, it's 7:00 p.m. and I'm back in my dorm. After studying with my friend, I dorm. After studying with my friend, I dorm. After studying with my friend, I went to get some dinner in my house and went to get some dinner in my house and went to get some dinner in my house and it's Sunday Sunday, so I got some ice it's Sunday Sunday, so I got some ice it's Sunday Sunday, so I got some ice cream and I also got some work done. I cream and I also got some work done. I cream and I also got some work done. I met up with a friend who's also in the met up with a friend who's also in the met up with a friend who's also in the class that I'm in, so we studied a class that I'm in, so we studied a class that I'm in, so we studied a little for our exam. But now I'm back in little for our exam. But now I'm back in little for our exam. But now I'm back in my room. my room. my room. I picked up a few packages and I'm so I picked up a few packages and I'm so I picked up a few packages and I'm so excited, so let's open them together. excited, so let's open them together. excited, so let's open them together. OMG, OMG, OMG, this is from Blank Street. They recently this is from Blank Street. They recently this is from Blank Street. They recently released a new sleeve and if you know released a new sleeve and if you know released a new sleeve and if you know me, you'll know how much I love my Blank me, you'll know how much I love my Blank me, you'll know how much I love my Blank Street matcha. Like it's genuinely my Street matcha. Like it's genuinely my Street matcha. Like it's genuinely my favorite study drink ever. This is so favorite study drink ever. This is so favorite study drink ever. This is so cute. The packaging is also so pretty. cute. The packaging is also so pretty. cute. The packaging is also so pretty. Wow, look at this insane packaging. Next Wow, look at this insane packaging. Next Wow, look at this insane packaging. Next is from L'Oreal, which is another one of is from L'Oreal, which is another one of is from L'Oreal, which is another one of my favorite brands. Wow, my favorite brands. Wow, my favorite brands. Wow, look at this. OMG, okay, it's new lip look at this. OMG, okay, it's new lip look at this. OMG, okay, it's new lip products, I think. products, I think. products, I think. Oh my god, Oh my god, Oh my god, this is so pretty. I'm so excited to try this is so pretty. I'm so excited to try this is so pretty. I'm so excited to try all of this. Thank you so much, L'Oreal. all of this. Thank you so much, L'Oreal. all of this. Thank you so much, L'Oreal. I bought a few things from Sephora. This I bought a few things from Sephora. This I bought a few things from Sephora. This is what I bought. I got the Topicals eye is what I bought. I got the Topicals eye is what I bought. I got the Topicals eye patches. I've been into using eye patches. I've been into using eye patches. I've been into using eye patches recently, so I got these to try patches recently, so I got these to try patches recently, so I got these to try and they're pink, so I'm going to try and they're pink, so I'm going to try and they're pink, so I'm going to try this when I study tomorrow morning. I'm this when I study tomorrow morning. I'm this when I study tomorrow morning. I'm so excited. Amazing. I think I'm going so excited. Amazing. I think I'm going so excited. Amazing. I think I'm going to end the vlog here because for the to end the vlog here because for the to end the vlog here because for the rest of the night I just want to rest, rest of the night I just want to rest, rest of the night I just want to rest, sleep early and then tomorrow I'm going sleep early and then tomorrow I'm going sleep early and then tomorrow I'm going to have an early morning and get up and to have an early morning and get up and to have an early morning and get up and get some studying done. I've been loving get some studying done. I've been loving get some studying done. I've been loving to study before the sun even rises to study before the sun even rises to study before the sun even rises recently cuz it's just so quiet and I recently cuz it's just so quiet and I recently cuz it's just so quiet and I feel like I can focus better. But thank feel like I can focus better. But thank feel like I can focus better. But thank you for spending the weekend with me. It you for spending the weekend with me. It you for spending the weekend with me. It was so productive and best of luck to was so productive and best of luck to was so productive and best of luck to everyone, including myself, on midterms everyone, including myself, on midterms everyone, including myself, on midterms and I'll see you guys after that. Bye.