You know life gets better when you
stop being nice. There is a
big difference between being nice and being good. I think we should agree because we want to make
everyone happy. We keep
quiet even when we are hurt. We don't want to
hurt others.
This is all part of being nice.
Being a good person is
not about being disrespectful, hurting, behaving without kindness. We
set boundaries or pay a
little more attention to self-respect
or do
n't like having conversations or socializing with other people.
And most importantly, if you are
choosing yourself, this is all part of being nice.
Being a good
person is being a good person because you
choose your values ​​over others' approval. Always remember
you don't have to be nice to be a good
person. Hi everyone, welcome back
to my channel for today's breakfast
lunch menu. When I say Monday,
I usually prepare idli and sambar
. I don't prefer chutney with idli
. Because
eating there during lunch break feels very, very boring
. And
the reason for preparing sambar is that it contains
both fiber and protein. In addition to that, I
prepared ragi porridge for me and for other protein, I made soy porridge using both soy and spinach. I
added all the powders. It's very
simple. And in
addition to that, I carried pomegranate for iron and carried a banana. I
packed everything I had and took it to
school. It's time to get ready for school and take it to school. I have the usual
chores at school. I can
say that I have been working lately. After
coming back home, I feel very exhausted. But still, my main focus is to reduce weight. So I am motivating myself. After finishing all my work and coming back home, I have some chores at home
and I will have snacks. I
prepared dry fruit laddu and gave it to you.
I have added the recipe in a separate mini blog. If you want, you can
check it out. I
sacrifice whatever I want in this health journey, but not
a cup of coffee. I must say that I
made all the coffee in my son's hands and did not give him
a slow time. I thought it
was evening. I
also did puja. I thought that puja was happening. My mind was
complete and shifted. I felt positive. I felt
motivating. I
thought that let's finish all the small tasks and have an early dinner. Sambar was already ready.
So this is
one of the biggest advantages of making sambar in the morning. For that, I consume
idli and I
prepared rice for the baby. After
finishing my early dinner, I
needed some fruits. I bought them and went for
a 30-minute walk after dinner.
It felt really refreshing and as usual, I ended the
day with green tea.
Thank you to everyone who is watching.
Take care, there is another blog.
