You know life gets better when you You know life gets better when you You know life gets better when you stop being nice. There is a stop being nice. There is a stop being nice. There is a big difference between being nice and being good. I think we should agree because we want to make big difference between being nice and being good. I think we should agree because we want to make everyone happy. We keep everyone happy. We keep everyone happy. We keep quiet even when we are hurt. We don't want to quiet even when we are hurt. We don't want to quiet even when we are hurt. We don't want to hurt others. hurt others. hurt others. This is all part of being nice. This is all part of being nice. This is all part of being nice. Being a good person is Being a good person is not about being disrespectful, hurting, behaving without kindness. We not about being disrespectful, hurting, behaving without kindness. We not about being disrespectful, hurting, behaving without kindness. We set boundaries or pay a set boundaries or pay a set boundaries or pay a little more attention to self-respect little more attention to self-respect little more attention to self-respect or do or do or do n't like having conversations or socializing with other people. n't like having conversations or socializing with other people. n't like having conversations or socializing with other people. And most importantly, if you are And most importantly, if you are And most importantly, if you are choosing yourself, this is all part of being nice. choosing yourself, this is all part of being nice. choosing yourself, this is all part of being nice. Being a good Being a good Being a good person is being a good person because you person is being a good person because you person is being a good person because you choose your values ​​over others' approval. Always remember choose your values ​​over others' approval. Always remember you don't have to be nice to be a good you don't have to be nice to be a good you don't have to be nice to be a good person.  Hi everyone, welcome back person.  Hi everyone, welcome back person.  Hi everyone, welcome back to my channel for today's breakfast to my channel for today's breakfast to my channel for today's breakfast lunch menu.  When I say Monday, lunch menu.  When I say Monday, lunch menu.  When I say Monday, I usually prepare idli and sambar I usually prepare idli and sambar I usually prepare idli and sambar .  I don't prefer chutney with idli .  I don't prefer chutney with idli .  I don't prefer chutney with idli .  Because .  Because .  Because eating there during lunch break feels very, very boring eating there during lunch break feels very, very boring eating there during lunch break feels very, very boring .  And .  And .  And the reason for preparing sambar is that it contains the reason for preparing sambar is that it contains the reason for preparing sambar is that it contains both fiber and protein.  In addition to that, I both fiber and protein.  In addition to that, I prepared ragi porridge for me and for other protein, I made soy porridge using both soy and spinach. I prepared ragi porridge for me and for other protein, I made soy porridge using both soy and spinach. I prepared ragi porridge for me and for other protein, I made soy porridge using both soy and spinach. I added all the powders. It's very added all the powders. It's very added all the powders. It's very simple. And in simple. And in simple. And in addition to that, I carried pomegranate for iron and carried a banana. I addition to that, I carried pomegranate for iron and carried a banana. I packed everything I had and took it to packed everything I had and took it to packed everything I had and took it to school. It's time to get ready for school and take it to school. I have the usual school. It's time to get ready for school and take it to school. I have the usual chores at school. I can chores at school. I can chores at school. I can say that I have been working lately. After say that I have been working lately. After coming back home, I feel very exhausted. But still, my main focus is to reduce weight. So I am motivating myself. After finishing all my work and coming back home, I have some chores at home coming back home, I feel very exhausted. But still, my main focus is to reduce weight. So I am motivating myself. After finishing all my work and coming back home, I have some chores at home coming back home, I feel very exhausted. But still, my main focus is to reduce weight. So I am motivating myself. After finishing all my work and coming back home, I have some chores at home and I will have snacks.  I and I will have snacks.  I and I will have snacks.  I prepared dry fruit laddu and gave it to you. prepared dry fruit laddu and gave it to you. I have added the recipe in a separate mini blog. If you want, you can I have added the recipe in a separate mini blog. If you want, you can I have added the recipe in a separate mini blog. If you want, you can check it out. I check it out. I sacrifice whatever I want in this health journey, but not sacrifice whatever I want in this health journey, but not sacrifice whatever I want in this health journey, but not a cup of coffee. I must say that I a cup of coffee. I must say that I a cup of coffee. I must say that I made all the coffee in my son's hands and did not give him made all the coffee in my son's hands and did not give him made all the coffee in my son's hands and did not give him a slow time. I thought it a slow time. I thought it a slow time. I thought it was evening. I was evening. I was evening. I also did puja. I thought that puja was happening. My mind was also did puja. I thought that puja was happening. My mind was also did puja. I thought that puja was happening. My mind was complete and shifted. I felt positive. I felt complete and shifted. I felt positive. I felt complete and shifted. I felt positive. I felt motivating. I motivating. I thought that let's finish all the small tasks and have an early dinner. Sambar was already ready. thought that let's finish all the small tasks and have an early dinner. Sambar was already ready. thought that let's finish all the small tasks and have an early dinner. Sambar was already ready. So this is So this is So this is one of the biggest advantages of making sambar in the morning. For that, I consume one of the biggest advantages of making sambar in the morning. For that, I consume one of the biggest advantages of making sambar in the morning. For that, I consume idli and  I idli and  I idli and  I prepared rice for the baby. After prepared rice for the baby. After prepared rice for the baby. After finishing my early dinner, I finishing my early dinner, I finishing my early dinner, I needed some fruits. I bought them and went for needed some fruits. I bought them and went for needed some fruits. I bought them and went for a 30-minute walk after dinner. a 30-minute walk after dinner. a 30-minute walk after dinner. It felt really refreshing and as usual, I ended the It felt really refreshing and as usual, I ended the It felt really refreshing and as usual, I ended the day with green tea. day with green tea. Thank you to everyone who is watching. Thank you to everyone who is watching. Thank you to everyone who is watching. Take care, there is another blog.