I bought a duster, but it was too big and too long I bought a duster, but it was too big and too long I bought a duster, but it was too big and too long like this.  Don't worry, Mumun is here to teach you like this.  Don't worry, Mumun is here to teach you like this.  Don't worry, Mumun is here to teach you modifications to make it cool, Shy.  But modifications to make it cool, Shy.  But modifications to make it cool, Shy.  But this is for those who want to.  Those who this is for those who want to.  Those who this is for those who want to.  Those who don't want to can skip.  First we don't want to can skip.  First we don't want to can skip.  First we cut the bottom part.  This doesn't need to be cut the bottom part.  This doesn't need to be cut the bottom part.  This doesn't need to be measured, just be reckless.  Continue measured, just be reckless.  Continue measured, just be reckless.  Continue cutting the top part to the hands.  Well, cutting the top part to the hands.  Well, cutting the top part to the hands.  Well, the next one is the same.  Now sew the the next one is the same.  Now sew the the next one is the same.  Now sew the middle part and then pull the thread middle part and then pull the thread middle part and then pull the thread until it wrinkles like this.  Then the until it wrinkles like this.  Then the until it wrinkles like this.  Then the side parts are reduced to follow the side parts are reduced to follow the side parts are reduced to follow the body size.  The bottom part is cut a little body size.  The bottom part is cut a little body size.  The bottom part is cut a little more.  Then we'll use the remaining pieces from the more.  Then we'll use the remaining pieces from the more.  Then we'll use the remaining pieces from the first cut to make a raffle, Beb. first cut to make a raffle, Beb. first cut to make a raffle, Beb. Then we put it on as a decoration at the Then we put it on as a decoration at the Then we put it on as a decoration at the bottom of Clarshy's blond skirt. bottom of Clarshy's blond skirt. bottom of Clarshy's blond skirt. Also attach a raffle to the collar from the Also attach a raffle to the collar from the Also attach a raffle to the collar from the remaining fabric.  Oh, that's it. remaining fabric.  Oh, that's it. remaining fabric.  Oh, that's it. How about it, guys?  So it's really cool, right?  Mumun is like that How about it, guys?  So it's really cool, right?  Mumun is like that How about it, guys?  So it's really cool, right?  Mumun is like that .  Well, now it's your turn to .  Well, now it's your turn to .  Well, now it's your turn to try it too.  Gasla. try it too.  Gasla. try it too.  Gasla. Yeah.