Yeah, I know. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I know. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Now that we're in an apartment together, >> Now that we're in an apartment together, >> Now that we're in an apartment together, we're literally [singing] we can't buy we're literally [singing] we can't buy we're literally [singing] we can't buy everything. everything. everything. These are the earrings that we're going These are the earrings that we're going These are the earrings that we're going to go get at Target. to go get at Target. to go get at Target. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Hi guys. Welcome to another video. For >> Hi guys. Welcome to another video. For >> Hi guys. Welcome to another video. For those of you who maybe missed my last those of you who maybe missed my last those of you who maybe missed my last video or two and you don't know where video or two and you don't know where video or two and you don't know where the heck I am. I am in the apartment the heck I am. I am in the apartment the heck I am. I am in the apartment that I've been living in for the past that I've been living in for the past that I've been living in for the past month or so with my best friend and this month or so with my best friend and this month or so with my best friend and this has been a very, very fun like one of my has been a very, very fun like one of my has been a very, very fun like one of my most favorite seasons of life ever and most favorite seasons of life ever and most favorite seasons of life ever and I've been getting very frustrated with I've been getting very frustrated with I've been getting very frustrated with myself because I haven't been blogging myself because I haven't been blogging myself because I haven't been blogging or like I haven't blogging. or like I haven't blogging. or like I haven't blogging. You know what? Let me just sit down and You know what? Let me just sit down and You know what? Let me just sit down and chat with you guys a bit because chat with you guys a bit because chat with you guys a bit because basically I've been realizing that I basically I've been realizing that I basically I've been realizing that I have a really big issue with being a have a really big issue with being a have a really big issue with being a perfectionist and this is something that perfectionist and this is something that perfectionist and this is something that I've struggled with for a lot of my life I've struggled with for a lot of my life I've struggled with for a lot of my life but especially over the past four or but especially over the past four or but especially over the past four or five years like my whole teenagehood five years like my whole teenagehood five years like my whole teenagehood going into adulthood. I just feel like I going into adulthood. I just feel like I going into adulthood. I just feel like I need to be perfect and it's funny need to be perfect and it's funny need to be perfect and it's funny because I never actually feel like I because I never actually feel like I because I never actually feel like I achieve that state of perfection. I've achieve that state of perfection. I've achieve that state of perfection. I've never once in my life thought that I was never once in my life thought that I was never once in my life thought that I was perfect or like anything I'm doing is perfect or like anything I'm doing is perfect or like anything I'm doing is perfect [music] and recently I've been perfect [music] and recently I've been perfect [music] and recently I've been coming increasingly aware of how coming increasingly aware of how coming increasingly aware of how extremely debilitating this mindset has extremely debilitating this mindset has extremely debilitating this mindset has been for me and how it's negatively been for me and how it's negatively been for me and how it's negatively impacting so many different areas of my impacting so many different areas of my impacting so many different areas of my life. Like for example with YouTube, life. Like for example with YouTube, life. Like for example with YouTube, I've been filming things and I've been I've been filming things and I've been I've been filming things and I've been blogging things but if I don't think blogging things but if I don't think blogging things but if I don't think it's good enough or if I don't think it's good enough or if I don't think it's good enough or if I don't think it's like perfect, [music] it's like perfect, [music] it's like perfect, [music] then I don't post it and then with then I don't post it and then with then I don't post it and then with school, I'll work on an assignment that school, I'll work on an assignment that school, I'll work on an assignment that could take an hour and it ends up taking could take an hour and it ends up taking could take an hour and it ends up taking me five hours because I want it to be me five hours because I want it to be me five hours because I want it to be perfect and the best that it could perfect and the best that it could perfect and the best that it could possibly be. Then what happens is that I possibly be. Then what happens is that I possibly be. Then what happens is that I end up beating myself up about it and end up beating myself up about it and end up beating myself up about it and then I just get in this frozen survival then I just get in this frozen survival then I just get in this frozen survival state, I guess, where I just don't do state, I guess, where I just don't do state, I guess, where I just don't do anything. So then I just freeze and sit anything. So then I just freeze and sit anything. So then I just freeze and sit there and don't do anything and then it there and don't do anything and then it there and don't do anything and then it makes me spiral more and and it's hard makes me spiral more and and it's hard makes me spiral more and and it's hard because yes, I do want to put my best because yes, I do want to put my best because yes, I do want to put my best effort into everything that I do and be effort into everything that I do and be effort into everything that I do and be proud of the work that I'm putting out proud of the work that I'm putting out proud of the work that I'm putting out but also it does not need to be perfect but also it does not need to be perfect but also it does not need to be perfect and it does not need to be not and it does not need to be not and it does not need to be not everything needs to be like the best everything needs to be like the best everything needs to be like the best work I've ever done every single time. work I've ever done every single time. work I've ever done every single time. So in an attempt to try to break this So in an attempt to try to break this So in an attempt to try to break this negative mindset that I've had for the negative mindset that I've had for the negative mindset that I've had for the past however long, I'm going to try past however long, I'm going to try past however long, I'm going to try I am going to I'm going to film and edit I am going to I'm going to film and edit I am going to I'm going to film and edit this entire vlog within the span of a this entire vlog within the span of a this entire vlog within the span of a week. I'm literally just going to film week. I'm literally just going to film week. I'm literally just going to film whatever I do for the next couple days. whatever I do for the next couple days. whatever I do for the next couple days. I'm going to edit it in real time, post I'm going to edit it in real time, post I'm going to edit it in real time, post it in real time, not try to make it it in real time, not try to make it it in real time, not try to make it perfect, not try to talk myself out of perfect, not try to talk myself out of perfect, not try to talk myself out of it, and tell myself that it's trash, no it, and tell myself that it's trash, no it, and tell myself that it's trash, no one wants to watch it, and then end up one wants to watch it, and then end up one wants to watch it, and then end up scratching the video. I'm just I'm going scratching the video. I'm just I'm going scratching the video. I'm just I'm going to post it, and I'm not like I'm so done to post it, and I'm not like I'm so done to post it, and I'm not like I'm so done with this mindset because it's really with this mindset because it's really with this mindset because it's really what's been holding me back for the past what's been holding me back for the past what's been holding me back for the past couple years with so many things, and couple years with so many things, and couple years with so many things, and it's just really not good. So, this it's just really not good. So, this it's just really not good. So, this video is basically my attempt to start video is basically my attempt to start video is basically my attempt to start getting over this. I think it's going to getting over this. I think it's going to getting over this. I think it's going to take a lot more work than just posting take a lot more work than just posting take a lot more work than just posting one video, but I think that this is a one video, but I think that this is a one video, but I think that this is a step in the right direction for me. So, step in the right direction for me. So, step in the right direction for me. So, welcome to the video. First thing on the agenda this morning First thing on the agenda this morning First thing on the agenda this morning is I'm going to be going to meet up with is I'm going to be going to meet up with is I'm going to be going to meet up with Eva, and we're going to do a photo shoot Eva, and we're going to do a photo shoot Eva, and we're going to do a photo shoot for her because she is a hair stylist, for her because she is a hair stylist, for her because she is a hair stylist, and she is wanting some new branding and she is wanting some new branding and she is wanting some new branding photos, which I'm really excited because photos, which I'm really excited because photos, which I'm really excited because I used to do photo shoots with my I used to do photo shoots with my I used to do photo shoots with my friends all the time. Like, that was friends all the time. Like, that was friends all the time. Like, that was just one of the things that you did is just one of the things that you did is just one of the things that you did is you would meet up and take photos and do you would meet up and take photos and do you would meet up and take photos and do a photo shoot, and it's been a while a photo shoot, and it's been a while a photo shoot, and it's been a while since I really gotten to be like the since I really gotten to be like the since I really gotten to be like the photographer in a situation. I'm going photographer in a situation. I'm going photographer in a situation. I'm going to be using my vlog camera, so this is to be using my vlog camera, so this is to be using my vlog camera, so this is the camera I normally use for vlogging, the camera I normally use for vlogging, the camera I normally use for vlogging, and it does actually take pretty good and it does actually take pretty good and it does actually take pretty good photos. photos. photos. And now, to the left. This sound it And now, to the left. This sound it And now, to the left. This sound it makes, oh my gosh, it's so satisfying. makes, oh my gosh, it's so satisfying. makes, oh my gosh, it's so satisfying. Makes you feel so professional. Yeah, Makes you feel so professional. Yeah, Makes you feel so professional. Yeah, I'm excited. Um so, yeah, we're going to I'm excited. Um so, yeah, we're going to I'm excited. Um so, yeah, we're going to go take those photos, do that photo go take those photos, do that photo go take those photos, do that photo shoot, and then after we're done with shoot, and then after we're done with shoot, and then after we're done with the photo shoot, we're going to stay out the photo shoot, we're going to stay out the photo shoot, we're going to stay out and about, and probably just go to like and about, and probably just go to like and about, and probably just go to like a coffee shop and do some work, and then a coffee shop and do some work, and then a coffee shop and do some work, and then we're going to go to get our nails done we're going to go to get our nails done we're going to go to get our nails done because I think it's actually been like because I think it's actually been like because I think it's actually been like 3 weeks since I got my nails done, but 3 weeks since I got my nails done, but 3 weeks since I got my nails done, but they are looking so grown out and bad, they are looking so grown out and bad, they are looking so grown out and bad, and like lifting a lot, and I've been and like lifting a lot, and I've been and like lifting a lot, and I've been having this sort of having this sort of having this sort of um I don't um I don't um I don't I don't know what the word is for it. I don't know what the word is for it. I don't know what the word is for it. Impulse, urge, I don't know. I've been Impulse, urge, I don't know. I've been Impulse, urge, I don't know. I've been really struggling with picking my nails really struggling with picking my nails really struggling with picking my nails the past couple days, and it's not the past couple days, and it's not the past couple days, and it's not helping because the one was only lifting helping because the one was only lifting helping because the one was only lifting a tiny bit, and then I started like a tiny bit, and then I started like a tiny bit, and then I started like ripping at it sort of, and really just ripping at it sort of, and really just ripping at it sort of, and really just messing with them, and it's been very messing with them, and it's been very messing with them, and it's been very like like like I'm just getting agitated. Like, I need I'm just getting agitated. Like, I need I'm just getting agitated. Like, I need to take them off. Yeah, it's going to be to take them off. Yeah, it's going to be to take them off. Yeah, it's going to be a really fun morning day. So, let's go. >> [music] >> Ultimate side quest of the day. We just >> Ultimate side quest of the day. We just >> Ultimate side quest of the day. We just finished up our photo shoot. finished up our photo shoot. finished up our photo shoot. But, guess where we are. But, guess where we are. But, guess where we are. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> I haven't been here since I was maybe >> I haven't been here since I was maybe >> I haven't been here since I was maybe like 8 years old. like 8 years old. like 8 years old. >> This is an extremely last-minute >> This is an extremely last-minute >> This is an extremely last-minute decision. I need something for my towels decision. I need something for my towels decision. I need something for my towels at my new job, and I said, "Wait, IKEA." at my new job, and I said, "Wait, IKEA." at my new job, and I said, "Wait, IKEA." And we were going to go eat lunch And we were going to go eat lunch And we were going to go eat lunch somewhere cute, but we're going to eat somewhere cute, but we're going to eat somewhere cute, but we're going to eat lunch here because lunch here because lunch here because I'm going to get some meatballs. I'm going to get some meatballs. I'm going to get some meatballs. >> are actually my favorite thing ever. Get >> are actually my favorite thing ever. Get >> are actually my favorite thing ever. Get our stuff, but come along because this our stuff, but come along because this our stuff, but come along because this is about to be fire emoji. is about to be fire emoji. is about to be fire emoji. #IKEA, #fire, # It's just something #IKEA, #fire, # It's just something #IKEA, #fire, # It's just something about the feeling of being in IKEA. about the feeling of being in IKEA. about the feeling of being in IKEA. Like, I want to buy everything. Like, I want to buy everything. Like, I want to buy everything. Everything. And the way that they set up Everything. And the way that they set up Everything. And the way that they set up like all the pretend rooms and like, can like all the pretend rooms and like, can like all the pretend rooms and like, can I just live here and like Wait, I forgot I just live here and like Wait, I forgot I just live here and like Wait, I forgot about the rooms. Yeah, I know. And cuz about the rooms. Yeah, I know. And cuz about the rooms. Yeah, I know. And cuz we were we were going to be in a rush to we were we were going to be in a rush to we were we were going to be in a rush to try and eat somewhere else, but now try and eat somewhere else, but now try and eat somewhere else, but now since we're eating here, we're just since we're eating here, we're just since we're eating here, we're just going to wander around. going to wander around. going to wander around. >> just dilly dally. And just be calm. >> just dilly dally. And just be calm. >> just dilly dally. And just be calm. Until our food Until our food Until our food I'm so excited. Wait, yes. I'm so excited. Wait, yes. I'm so excited. Wait, yes. That guy is excited to be here. That guy is excited to be here. That guy is excited to be here. >> Okay, okay, okay. I'll give you guys my >> Okay, okay, okay. I'll give you guys my >> Okay, okay, okay. I'll give you guys my first IKEA reaction. We have to be first IKEA reaction. We have to be first IKEA reaction. We have to be careful because now that we're in an careful because now that we're in an careful because now that we're in an apartment together, we're literally we apartment together, we're literally we apartment together, we're literally we can buy everything. I remember coming can buy everything. I remember coming can buy everything. I remember coming here when I was little and I'd be like, here when I was little and I'd be like, here when I was little and I'd be like, "Well, I can't I don't need anything cuz "Well, I can't I don't need anything cuz "Well, I can't I don't need anything cuz I'm just in my like childhood bedroom." I'm just in my like childhood bedroom." I'm just in my like childhood bedroom." But, I feel now we need stuff. But, I feel now we need stuff. But, I feel now we need stuff. >> "We That would look so >> "We That would look so >> "We That would look so cute in your cute in your cute in your >> can justify anything. So, we just have >> can justify anything. So, we just have >> can justify anything. So, we just have to be careful. But, what's your first to be careful. But, what's your first to be careful. But, what's your first impressions? First impressions, I'm not impressions? First impressions, I'm not impressions? First impressions, I'm not really seeing much, but I'm definitely really seeing much, but I'm definitely really seeing much, but I'm definitely remembering the vibe. remembering the vibe. remembering the vibe. >> Time to go up the escalator, and I would >> Time to go up the escalator, and I would >> Time to go up the escalator, and I would say Food's up there. Okay, let's go. say Food's up there. Okay, let's go. say Food's up there. Okay, let's go. First things first, we headed to the First things first, we headed to the First things first, we headed to the cafeteria section because I hadn't been cafeteria section because I hadn't been cafeteria section because I hadn't been to IKEA in probably like 10 years. I to IKEA in probably like 10 years. I to IKEA in probably like 10 years. I didn't remember what any of the food didn't remember what any of the food didn't remember what any of the food tasted like, so I was really, really tasted like, so I was really, really tasted like, so I was really, really excited to try it. And this food, excited to try it. And this food, excited to try it. And this food, specifically the meatballs, did not let specifically the meatballs, did not let specifically the meatballs, did not let me down. They tasted absolutely me down. They tasted absolutely me down. They tasted absolutely fabulous. fabulous. fabulous. >> I like don't even know how to describe >> I like don't even know how to describe >> I like don't even know how to describe this sensation. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> We are beginning the adventure. >> We are beginning the adventure. >> We are beginning the adventure. >> My favorite part about coming back to >> My favorite part about coming back to >> My favorite part about coming back to IKEA was going through the rooms. We IKEA was going through the rooms. We IKEA was going through the rooms. We were having so much fun exploring all were having so much fun exploring all were having so much fun exploring all the little staged rooms that they have the little staged rooms that they have the little staged rooms that they have there. there. there. I want this desk. I want this desk. I want this desk. Wait, can this be our dream life where Wait, can this be our dream life where Wait, can this be our dream life where this is how we work? Hey Jane. this is how we work? Hey Jane. this is how we work? Hey Jane. You are the favorite for me and You are the favorite for me and You are the favorite for me and Hi, so I'm actually the boss. Hi, so I'm actually the boss. Hi, so I'm actually the boss. No, so my job is to oversee the No, so my job is to oversee the No, so my job is to oversee the oversights to make sure that everything oversights to make sure that everything oversights to make sure that everything runs in according with the diagram that runs in according with the diagram that runs in according with the diagram that we initially mapped out. Um and if we initially mapped out. Um and if we initially mapped out. Um and if that's what I'm talking to you, then you that's what I'm talking to you, then you that's what I'm talking to you, then you can stop asking me questions. The can stop asking me questions. The can stop asking me questions. The diagram of the dialect that I designed. diagram of the dialect that I designed. diagram of the dialect that I designed. Wait, I need to do the villain the Wait, I need to do the villain the Wait, I need to do the villain the villain iPad. villain iPad. villain iPad. >> the villain chair is the villain chair. >> the villain chair is the villain chair. >> the villain chair is the villain chair. >> [music] >> Oh, what's this? Your secret lair? Um >> Oh, what's this? Your secret lair? Um >> Oh, what's this? Your secret lair? Um this is something else. this is something else. this is something else. >> Wow. >> Wow. >> Wow. This backpack This backpack This backpack and if this goes on Looks like a flying and if this goes on Looks like a flying and if this goes on Looks like a flying squirrel. squirrel. squirrel. Oh my god. Oh my god. Wait, I love the Oh my god. Oh my god. Wait, I love the Oh my god. Oh my god. Wait, I love the color of this. color of this. color of this. Love the color. Love the color. Love the color. That's so cute. There she is. We got the goods or the good. We got it. We got the goods or the good. We got it. We got the goods or the good. We got it. Look at these clouds right now. Oh my Look at these clouds right now. Oh my Look at these clouds right now. Oh my gosh. Looks like I'm in Minecraft. Oh, gosh. Looks like I'm in Minecraft. Oh, gosh. Looks like I'm in Minecraft. Oh, we have about an hour until our nail we have about an hour until our nail we have about an hour until our nail appointment, so we're going to go till appointment, so we're going to go till appointment, so we're going to go till slash work at a coffee shop for a little slash work at a coffee shop for a little slash work at a coffee shop for a little bit and then go get our nails done, bit and then go get our nails done, bit and then go get our nails done, which I'm so excited because my nails which I'm so excited because my nails which I'm so excited because my nails are looking bad. >> [music] >> Whatever you want. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean >> [music] >> Good morning. >> Good morning. >> Good morning. These are the nails that we got last These are the nails that we got last These are the nails that we got last night. I forgot to vlog anymore night. I forgot to vlog anymore night. I forgot to vlog anymore yesterday, but these are maybe my yesterday, but these are maybe my yesterday, but these are maybe my favorite nails that I've ever gotten favorite nails that I've ever gotten favorite nails that I've ever gotten done. Each one has a different design done. Each one has a different design done. Each one has a different design and I really really love these little and I really really love these little and I really really love these little fishes fishies. I want to say fishies, fishes fishies. I want to say fishies, fishes fishies. I want to say fishies, but I think it's actually just fish. but I think it's actually just fish. but I think it's actually just fish. Abby did such an amazing job and I'm Abby did such an amazing job and I'm Abby did such an amazing job and I'm just like in awe. I can't stop staring just like in awe. I can't stop staring just like in awe. I can't stop staring at them. Anyway, it is morning. I just at them. Anyway, it is morning. I just at them. Anyway, it is morning. I just woke up, so I'm still feeling like a woke up, so I'm still feeling like a woke up, so I'm still feeling like a little brain fogged and stuff, but I'm little brain fogged and stuff, but I'm little brain fogged and stuff, but I'm going to make myself breakfast and I going to make myself breakfast and I going to make myself breakfast and I want to show you guys the breakfast that want to show you guys the breakfast that want to show you guys the breakfast that I've been making pretty much every I've been making pretty much every I've been making pretty much every single day for the past week. I don't single day for the past week. I don't single day for the past week. I don't normally fixate on a specific breakfast. normally fixate on a specific breakfast. normally fixate on a specific breakfast. Like I'll kind of rotate between a few Like I'll kind of rotate between a few Like I'll kind of rotate between a few different breakfasts, but for some different breakfasts, but for some different breakfasts, but for some reason this past week there's been one reason this past week there's been one reason this past week there's been one specific breakfast that I just wake up specific breakfast that I just wake up specific breakfast that I just wake up and I want nothing else. Like I just and I want nothing else. Like I just and I want nothing else. Like I just want this specific breakfast. And I'm want this specific breakfast. And I'm want this specific breakfast. And I'm also going to be going to a Pilates also going to be going to a Pilates also going to be going to a Pilates class this morning, which I haven't gone class this morning, which I haven't gone class this morning, which I haven't gone to a single Pilates class since I've to a single Pilates class since I've to a single Pilates class since I've been living here, which is so weird cuz been living here, which is so weird cuz been living here, which is so weird cuz that was something I really like planned that was something I really like planned that was something I really like planned on doing. But yeah, I'm actually trying on doing. But yeah, I'm actually trying on doing. But yeah, I'm actually trying to like get back into my Pilates grind to like get back into my Pilates grind to like get back into my Pilates grind like going to classes even if it's just like going to classes even if it's just like going to classes even if it's just like once a week and I'm trying to use like once a week and I'm trying to use like once a week and I'm trying to use up my credits before they charge my up my credits before they charge my up my credits before they charge my account. So I booked a class for 9:00 account. So I booked a class for 9:00 account. So I booked a class for 9:00 a.m. and it's currently 7:30. So I'm a.m. and it's currently 7:30. So I'm a.m. and it's currently 7:30. So I'm going to make a breakfast, which I don't going to make a breakfast, which I don't going to make a breakfast, which I don't know if I'm going to regret making a big know if I'm going to regret making a big know if I'm going to regret making a big breakfast or eating a full-on breakfast breakfast or eating a full-on breakfast breakfast or eating a full-on breakfast before I go to Pilates. I don't know how before I go to Pilates. I don't know how before I go to Pilates. I don't know how intense the class is going to be, but intense the class is going to be, but intense the class is going to be, but I'm also the type of person where I need I'm also the type of person where I need I'm also the type of person where I need to eat literally the second I wake up to eat literally the second I wake up to eat literally the second I wake up and I won't have energy for the class, and I won't have energy for the class, and I won't have energy for the class, so I'm just going to make it and hope so I'm just going to make it and hope so I'm just going to make it and hope for the best. I'm also going to wipe off for the best. I'm also going to wipe off for the best. I'm also going to wipe off the stove. Like I promise we normally do the stove. Like I promise we normally do the stove. Like I promise we normally do clean up the kitchen, but last night clean up the kitchen, but last night clean up the kitchen, but last night I don't know what happened last night. First of all, we're going in with oats First of all, we're going in with oats First of all, we're going in with oats and I'm going to start by boiling the and I'm going to start by boiling the and I'm going to start by boiling the water for those. I've recently been liking to add protein I've recently been liking to add protein I've recently been liking to add protein powder to my oats, which I used to never powder to my oats, which I used to never powder to my oats, which I used to never do this because it would get clumpy, and do this because it would get clumpy, and do this because it would get clumpy, and I also just really hated the taste. But, I also just really hated the taste. But, I also just really hated the taste. But, I actually recently found a protein I actually recently found a protein I actually recently found a protein powder brand that I really really really powder brand that I really really really powder brand that I really really really like the taste. Like, I genuinely crave like the taste. Like, I genuinely crave like the taste. Like, I genuinely crave this stuff. It's the Just Ingredients this stuff. It's the Just Ingredients this stuff. It's the Just Ingredients brand. So, what I do brand. So, what I do brand. So, what I do I put the protein powder into like a I put the protein powder into like a I put the protein powder into like a separate little container. Then, I add separate little container. Then, I add separate little container. Then, I add some water and just mix it around. And, some water and just mix it around. And, some water and just mix it around. And, this basically makes a paste of sorts. this basically makes a paste of sorts. this basically makes a paste of sorts. And, I have seen other people do this. And, I have seen other people do this. And, I have seen other people do this. Like, I'm not going to pretend that I'm Like, I'm not going to pretend that I'm Like, I'm not going to pretend that I'm a genius. So, now that the water is boiling, I'm So, now that the water is boiling, I'm So, now that the water is boiling, I'm going to turn on the heat. We're just going to turn on the heat. We're just going to turn on the heat. We're just like basically giving you a regular like basically giving you a regular like basically giving you a regular oatmeal tutorial. I mean, they're Okay, oatmeal tutorial. I mean, they're Okay, oatmeal tutorial. I mean, they're Okay, anyway. Adding the oats. While that's anyway. Adding the oats. While that's anyway. Adding the oats. While that's cooking, I let the oatmeal cook and then cooking, I let the oatmeal cook and then cooking, I let the oatmeal cook and then add the protein powder. I go ahead and add the protein powder. I go ahead and add the protein powder. I go ahead and make my coffee. For the espresso make my coffee. For the espresso make my coffee. For the espresso machine, we have this Nespresso, which I machine, we have this Nespresso, which I machine, we have this Nespresso, which I had never had one of these before. This had never had one of these before. This had never had one of these before. This is technically Eva's, but I absolutely is technically Eva's, but I absolutely is technically Eva's, but I absolutely love how it works. So, basically, you love how it works. So, basically, you love how it works. So, basically, you put the pods, these little like coffee put the pods, these little like coffee put the pods, these little like coffee pods, into this, and it just brews pods, into this, and it just brews pods, into this, and it just brews espresso. I don't really know how it espresso. I don't really know how it espresso. I don't really know how it works. I haven't really been doing works. I haven't really been doing works. I haven't really been doing anything crazy for my coffee flavor. I anything crazy for my coffee flavor. I anything crazy for my coffee flavor. I like to keep it simple, but I always like to keep it simple, but I always like to keep it simple, but I always have been doing maple syrup. Maybe do have been doing maple syrup. Maybe do have been doing maple syrup. Maybe do like a tablespoon. I kind of just like a tablespoon. I kind of just like a tablespoon. I kind of just eyeball it. And then, I add [music] eyeball it. And then, I add [music] eyeball it. And then, I add [music] cinnamon. And, I like to brew the cinnamon. And, I like to brew the cinnamon. And, I like to brew the espresso over the flavors. It makes it espresso over the flavors. It makes it espresso over the flavors. It makes it like I don't know. I just feel like it like I don't know. I just feel like it like I don't know. I just feel like it makes it taste better. makes it taste better. makes it taste better. >> [music] >> Okay, I am about to head out to my >> Okay, I am about to head out to my >> Okay, I am about to head out to my Pilates class. It is the most beautiful Pilates class. It is the most beautiful Pilates class. It is the most beautiful morning. You can see the sunshine coming morning. You can see the sunshine coming morning. You can see the sunshine coming through the trees. For the past couple through the trees. For the past couple through the trees. For the past couple weeks, almost every single morning and weeks, almost every single morning and weeks, almost every single morning and every single day has been like this every single day has been like this every single day has been like this where it's just so sunny and you wake up where it's just so sunny and you wake up where it's just so sunny and you wake up and you hear the birds chirping and it and you hear the birds chirping and it and you hear the birds chirping and it fills me with so much optimism and fills me with so much optimism and fills me with so much optimism and excitement for the day. Um but I'm going excitement for the day. Um but I'm going excitement for the day. Um but I'm going to go to my Pilates class. I'm going to to go to my Pilates class. I'm going to to go to my Pilates class. I'm going to a new place that I've never been to a new place that I've never been to a new place that I've never been to before, but I'm honestly a lot more before, but I'm honestly a lot more before, but I'm honestly a lot more excited than nervous. Normally when I'm excited than nervous. Normally when I'm excited than nervous. Normally when I'm going to a new place, I get really going to a new place, I get really going to a new place, I get really nervous, but I'm feeling super excited. nervous, but I'm feeling super excited. nervous, but I'm feeling super excited. >> [music] >> I'm currently almost finished getting >> I'm currently almost finished getting >> I'm currently almost finished getting ready. I'm going to do myself a little ready. I'm going to do myself a little ready. I'm going to do myself a little slicked back of sorts. I really really slicked back of sorts. I really really slicked back of sorts. I really really enjoyed the Pilates class I did this enjoyed the Pilates class I did this enjoyed the Pilates class I did this morning. It was the perfect amount of morning. It was the perfect amount of morning. It was the perfect amount of intensity for me because as I mentioned, intensity for me because as I mentioned, intensity for me because as I mentioned, I haven't been going to Pilates or I haven't been going to Pilates or I haven't been going to Pilates or anything like that recently and so I was anything like that recently and so I was anything like that recently and so I was glad that it was a little more of an glad that it was a little more of an glad that it was a little more of an intermediate type of level. Like it was intermediate type of level. Like it was intermediate type of level. Like it was definitely hard enough that I felt definitely hard enough that I felt definitely hard enough that I felt challenged, but also not to the point challenged, but also not to the point challenged, but also not to the point where I was actually unable to do the where I was actually unable to do the where I was actually unable to do the exercises. Um exercises. Um exercises. Um I don't Oh I don't Oh I don't Oh my gosh. Like what are we? I Mm. my gosh. Like what are we? I Mm. my gosh. Like what are we? I Mm. Okay, slicked back is the move. Today's Okay, slicked back is the move. Today's Okay, slicked back is the move. Today's looking like it's going to be a pretty looking like it's going to be a pretty looking like it's going to be a pretty chill day. My main thing is I have a chill day. My main thing is I have a chill day. My main thing is I have a 3:30 to 5:00 Zoom class, which I only 3:30 to 5:00 Zoom class, which I only 3:30 to 5:00 Zoom class, which I only have like maybe I want to say two to have like maybe I want to say two to have like maybe I want to say two to three weeks left in my college classes three weeks left in my college classes three weeks left in my college classes before summer and I'm feeling really before summer and I'm feeling really before summer and I'm feeling really excited. I have actually really been excited. I have actually really been excited. I have actually really been enjoying the class that I'm taking enjoying the class that I'm taking enjoying the class that I'm taking though, like specifically the one that though, like specifically the one that though, like specifically the one that has been a Zoom class. It's a public has been a Zoom class. It's a public has been a Zoom class. It's a public speaking class. Something that I've speaking class. Something that I've speaking class. Something that I've really learned is I can speak to a really learned is I can speak to a really learned is I can speak to a camera pretty well. Like obviously camera pretty well. Like obviously camera pretty well. Like obviously sometimes I'll mess up or stutter, and sometimes I'll mess up or stutter, and sometimes I'll mess up or stutter, and that's just how it goes sometimes, but that's just how it goes sometimes, but that's just how it goes sometimes, but overall I can usually speak pretty overall I can usually speak pretty overall I can usually speak pretty confidently and at a pretty good pace confidently and at a pretty good pace confidently and at a pretty good pace when I'm talking to the camera. But when I'm talking to the camera. But when I'm talking to the camera. But whenever I'm public speaking, it's just whenever I'm public speaking, it's just whenever I'm public speaking, it's just a whole new ballgame, and I get a whole new ballgame, and I get a whole new ballgame, and I get extremely nervous even when I'm just extremely nervous even when I'm just extremely nervous even when I'm just presenting to the Zoom class. I get very presenting to the Zoom class. I get very presenting to the Zoom class. I get very nervous and like shaky, and then I start nervous and like shaky, and then I start nervous and like shaky, and then I start to speak really really fast and start to to speak really really fast and start to to speak really really fast and start to ramble over my words and things. So I've ramble over my words and things. So I've ramble over my words and things. So I've noticed throughout the couple speeches noticed throughout the couple speeches noticed throughout the couple speeches that I've given in this class, I've that I've given in this class, I've that I've given in this class, I've gotten a little bit better, but I also gotten a little bit better, but I also gotten a little bit better, but I also know that there's a lot of room for know that there's a lot of room for know that there's a lot of room for improvement. So I have actually really improvement. So I have actually really improvement. So I have actually really been enjoying that class, and I'm kind been enjoying that class, and I'm kind been enjoying that class, and I'm kind of sad it's ending, but also I'm not of sad it's ending, but also I'm not of sad it's ending, but also I'm not that sad. I definitely learned a lot, that sad. I definitely learned a lot, that sad. I definitely learned a lot, and I want to continue to learn how to and I want to continue to learn how to and I want to continue to learn how to articulate myself better and speak articulate myself better and speak articulate myself better and speak better in front of crowds, cuz I think better in front of crowds, cuz I think better in front of crowds, cuz I think that's just something that inevitably that's just something that inevitably that's just something that inevitably I'm going to have to speak in front of a I'm going to have to speak in front of a I'm going to have to speak in front of a crowd, so I might as well learn how to crowd, so I might as well learn how to crowd, so I might as well learn how to get good at it. Okay, I can't tell how that bun looks. Okay, I can't tell how that bun looks. Okay, I can't tell how that bun looks. You guys should let me know. I actually You guys should let me know. I actually You guys should let me know. I actually I really truly can't see the back of my I really truly can't see the back of my I really truly can't see the back of my head right now. Slightly feeling like head right now. Slightly feeling like head right now. Slightly feeling like Rue in this outfit. Like the the stripes Rue in this outfit. Like the the stripes Rue in this outfit. Like the the stripes and it's and it's and it's I don't know. I've kind of been like I don't know. I've kind of been like I don't know. I've kind of been like slightly struggling with my outfits slightly struggling with my outfits slightly struggling with my outfits recently. I just need to get creative. I recently. I just need to get creative. I recently. I just need to get creative. I literally stole this from Eva's closet, literally stole this from Eva's closet, literally stole this from Eva's closet, and I'm still not even sure if I'm going and I'm still not even sure if I'm going and I'm still not even sure if I'm going to wear it. Okay, I ended up deciding I'm just going Okay, I ended up deciding I'm just going Okay, I ended up deciding I'm just going to wear a basic white [music] shirt onto to wear a basic white [music] shirt onto to wear a basic white [music] shirt onto the plane for this afternoon. Before I the plane for this afternoon. Before I the plane for this afternoon. Before I go to my class or before I do my class, go to my class or before I do my class, go to my class or before I do my class, I have had this mission in mind. It was I have had this mission in mind. It was I have had this mission in mind. It was something I've been wanting to do, and I something I've been wanting to do, and I something I've been wanting to do, and I keep not doing it, so today's going to keep not doing it, so today's going to keep not doing it, so today's going to be the day that I do it, and that is get be the day that I do it, and that is get be the day that I do it, and that is get an earring for my second piercing here, an earring for my second piercing here, an earring for my second piercing here, and change out the second piercing. I've and change out the second piercing. I've and change out the second piercing. I've had this for had this for had this for December. December. December. Yeah, it's been 4 months since I got my Yeah, it's been 4 months since I got my Yeah, it's been 4 months since I got my seconds, and keep thinking about how I'm seconds, and keep thinking about how I'm seconds, and keep thinking about how I'm going to change them out, and then I going to change them out, and then I going to change them out, and then I just keep putting it off because it's just keep putting it off because it's just keep putting it off because it's not really a priority, but I decided not really a priority, but I decided not really a priority, but I decided today's going to be the day. I'm going today's going to be the day. I'm going today's going to be the day. I'm going to go get myself some earrings and to go get myself some earrings and to go get myself some earrings and yesterday when we were getting our nails yesterday when we were getting our nails yesterday when we were getting our nails done, I asked our friend who's doing our done, I asked our friend who's doing our done, I asked our friend who's doing our nails where she gets her seconds. She nails where she gets her seconds. She nails where she gets her seconds. She said that she gets her earrings from said that she gets her earrings from said that she gets her earrings from Marshalls, which is kind of random and Marshalls, which is kind of random and Marshalls, which is kind of random and I'm also loving that because I haven't I'm also loving that because I haven't I'm also loving that because I haven't been to Marshalls in so long. So, I'm been to Marshalls in so long. So, I'm been to Marshalls in so long. So, I'm going to do a Marshalls run and I'm not going to do a Marshalls run and I'm not going to do a Marshalls run and I'm not quite sure, but I think there's a chance quite sure, but I think there's a chance quite sure, but I think there's a chance even might be able to join me for a even might be able to join me for a even might be able to join me for a little bit because she has a gap in little bit because she has a gap in little bit because she has a gap in between her hair clients. So, I'm between her hair clients. So, I'm between her hair clients. So, I'm texting with her and trying to figure texting with her and trying to figure texting with her and trying to figure out we might also get lunch. I don't out we might also get lunch. I don't out we might also get lunch. I don't really know what's going on, but I'm really know what's going on, but I'm really know what's going on, but I'm just going to go out for a little bit just going to go out for a little bit just going to go out for a little bit have a chill fun afternoon and I'm have a chill fun afternoon and I'm have a chill fun afternoon and I'm excited. excited. excited. >> [music] >> Just got out of Marshalls and let me >> Just got out of Marshalls and let me >> Just got out of Marshalls and let me tell you Marshalls was popping today. tell you Marshalls was popping today. tell you Marshalls was popping today. There was so many people. So, I didn't There was so many people. So, I didn't There was so many people. So, I didn't really vlog in the store, but I got the really vlog in the store, but I got the really vlog in the store, but I got the earrings. These are the earrings. earrings. These are the earrings. earrings. These are the earrings. They're not exactly I don't know. I They're not exactly I don't know. I They're not exactly I don't know. I think this is exactly what I was going think this is exactly what I was going think this is exactly what I was going for like the little gold one and then for like the little gold one and then for like the little gold one and then this is probably my second favorite, the this is probably my second favorite, the this is probably my second favorite, the pearls. These are not as much my style. pearls. These are not as much my style. pearls. These are not as much my style. Maybe, I don't know. I'm just going to Maybe, I don't know. I'm just going to Maybe, I don't know. I'm just going to experiment and see what vibe I'm going experiment and see what vibe I'm going experiment and see what vibe I'm going for. Kind of tempted to try changing for. Kind of tempted to try changing for. Kind of tempted to try changing them right now. I don't know if that's a them right now. I don't know if that's a them right now. I don't know if that's a bad idea. I'm just going to try it. I'm bad idea. I'm just going to try it. I'm bad idea. I'm just going to try it. I'm just going to try changing them. Oh, I just going to try changing them. Oh, I just going to try changing them. Oh, I also got some new socks, which is kind also got some new socks, which is kind also got some new socks, which is kind of an impulse buy, but I have been of an impulse buy, but I have been of an impulse buy, but I have been needing new socks for a while. I'm going needing new socks for a while. I'm going needing new socks for a while. I'm going to try kind of like these little pearl to try kind of like these little pearl to try kind of like these little pearl ones. Oh wait, it's a huggie. Okay, I've ones. Oh wait, it's a huggie. Okay, I've ones. Oh wait, it's a huggie. Okay, I've never worn never worn never worn huggies like ever. So, I'm kind of huggies like ever. So, I'm kind of huggies like ever. So, I'm kind of nervous to put these in. Wait, maybe I nervous to put these in. Wait, maybe I nervous to put these in. Wait, maybe I shouldn't do this in the car. I'm kind shouldn't do this in the car. I'm kind shouldn't do this in the car. I'm kind of nervous. of nervous. of nervous. I don't know if it's going to be bad. I I don't know if it's going to be bad. I I don't know if it's going to be bad. I don't know if it's going to be bad. don't know if it's going to be bad. don't know if it's going to be bad. Please don't be bad. Please don't be bad. Please don't be bad. Oh gosh. Oh gosh. Oh gosh. I just really really want to do this. I just really really want to do this. I just really really want to do this. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, okay, okay. So, first So, first So, first I have to try to pop out these that have I have to try to pop out these that have I have to try to pop out these that have been sitting in my ears for the past been sitting in my ears for the past been sitting in my ears for the past What if it bleeds? What if it bleeds? What if it bleeds? Maybe I should do this back at home. Do Maybe I should do this back at home. Do Maybe I should do this back at home. Do you guys hear my AC? My AC in my car has you guys hear my AC? My AC in my car has you guys hear my AC? My AC in my car has been broken. Do you hear that? been broken. Do you hear that? been broken. Do you hear that? Okay. No, I'm going to do this back at Okay. No, I'm going to do this back at Okay. No, I'm going to do this back at home. Okay, I'm getting too nervous. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. No, ew. No, ew. No, ew. Oh gosh. I should probably clean my ear. Oh gosh. I should probably clean my ear. Oh gosh. I should probably clean my ear. >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> Okay. Oh, wait. Oh, wait. Oh, wait. Okay. I don't know if it's just cuz it's Okay. I don't know if it's just cuz it's Okay. I don't know if it's just cuz it's new, but I'm like not liking how that's new, but I'm like not liking how that's new, but I'm like not liking how that's looking. looking. looking. Okay. Maybe it's just with this earring. Okay. Maybe it's just with this earring. Okay. Maybe it's just with this earring. I think it's just cuz it's new. I think I think it's just cuz it's new. I think I think it's just cuz it's new. I think it's I think it's cute. I don't know. it's I think it's cute. I don't know. it's I think it's cute. I don't know. Maybe I like the little pearl better. Maybe I like the little pearl better. Maybe I like the little pearl better. I don't know. Okay, I feel like I just I don't know. Okay, I feel like I just I don't know. Okay, I feel like I just need another piercing here. It looks need another piercing here. It looks need another piercing here. It looks like uneven. like uneven. like uneven. Okay. Ooh, okay. Okay. Ooh, okay. Okay. Ooh, okay. Let's see in the little more of like the Let's see in the little more of like the Let's see in the little more of like the natural lighting. I like it. Okay, yeah, natural lighting. I like it. Okay, yeah, natural lighting. I like it. Okay, yeah, I like it. Maybe not I'm not loving I like it. Maybe not I'm not loving I like it. Maybe not I'm not loving these hoops. These are kind of random, these hoops. These are kind of random, these hoops. These are kind of random, but first and second, that's cute. Okay, but first and second, that's cute. Okay, but first and second, that's cute. Okay, wait. I'm really wanting to get more wait. I'm really wanting to get more wait. I'm really wanting to get more piercings now. piercings now. piercings now. I'm sorry, mom and dad if you're I'm sorry, mom and dad if you're I'm sorry, mom and dad if you're watching this, I promise I'm not going watching this, I promise I'm not going watching this, I promise I'm not going to like go crazy, but maybe a third one. to like go crazy, but maybe a third one. to like go crazy, but maybe a third one. It just looks a little unbalanced, you It just looks a little unbalanced, you It just looks a little unbalanced, you know? I think a third one would have know? I think a third one would have know? I think a third one would have really complimented it. So, maybe I need really complimented it. So, maybe I need really complimented it. So, maybe I need to go get a third. I don't want to be to go get a third. I don't want to be to go get a third. I don't want to be too impulsive, but too impulsive, but too impulsive, but I do think that would look really cute. I do think that would look really cute. I do think that would look really cute. Also, I realized I haven't really given Also, I realized I haven't really given Also, I realized I haven't really given you guys an updated tour of how the you guys an updated tour of how the you guys an updated tour of how the house is looking, and I don't really house is looking, and I don't really house is looking, and I don't really feel like giving the whole tour because feel like giving the whole tour because feel like giving the whole tour because nothing much has changed from vlog that nothing much has changed from vlog that nothing much has changed from vlog that I did. However, this room, aka the girl I did. However, this room, aka the girl I did. However, this room, aka the girl room, has had some updates and room, has had some updates and room, has had some updates and improvements. So, I'll give you a little improvements. So, I'll give you a little improvements. So, I'll give you a little tour. Also, this is like PR and random tour. Also, this is like PR and random tour. Also, this is like PR and random packages that I need to figure out what packages that I need to figure out what packages that I need to figure out what to do with. I don't really have a to do with. I don't really have a to do with. I don't really have a designated space for them, so we're not designated space for them, so we're not designated space for them, so we're not going to talk about that. But, as you going to talk about that. But, as you going to talk about that. But, as you can see, the biggest improvement is that can see, the biggest improvement is that can see, the biggest improvement is that I got a desk, and when we first moved I got a desk, and when we first moved I got a desk, and when we first moved in, I wasn't even sure if I was going to in, I wasn't even sure if I was going to in, I wasn't even sure if I was going to be able to get a desk because I didn't be able to get a desk because I didn't be able to get a desk because I didn't want to buy a whole desk and then have want to buy a whole desk and then have want to buy a whole desk and then have to figure out how to transport it back to figure out how to transport it back to figure out how to transport it back home with me because that would mean home with me because that would mean home with me because that would mean like I have to get a moving truck and like I have to get a moving truck and like I have to get a moving truck and all that stuff. But, Eva ended up all that stuff. But, Eva ended up all that stuff. But, Eva ended up remembering that she had this desk that remembering that she had this desk that remembering that she had this desk that she wasn't using back at her old house. she wasn't using back at her old house. she wasn't using back at her old house. And thankfully, I brought my walking pad And thankfully, I brought my walking pad And thankfully, I brought my walking pad with me. So, this has been my work area with me. So, this has been my work area with me. So, this has been my work area where I'm doing school and editing all where I'm doing school and editing all where I'm doing school and editing all that type of stuff. I just like stand that type of stuff. I just like stand that type of stuff. I just like stand here and walk and do my work. And I here and walk and do my work. And I here and walk and do my work. And I really, really, really love having this really, really, really love having this really, really, really love having this space. I'm so thankful. And then over space. I'm so thankful. And then over space. I'm so thankful. And then over here we put this nightstand. I honestly here we put this nightstand. I honestly here we put this nightstand. I honestly don't even know what's in these drawers. don't even know what's in these drawers. don't even know what's in these drawers. It's kind of just random stuff. Oh, this It's kind of just random stuff. Oh, this It's kind of just random stuff. Oh, this was from Easter. was from Easter. was from Easter. All the Easter candy, Easter snacks. I All the Easter candy, Easter snacks. I All the Easter candy, Easter snacks. I also ended up bringing this lamp from also ended up bringing this lamp from also ended up bringing this lamp from back home. Over here we got a mirror. back home. Over here we got a mirror. back home. Over here we got a mirror. And then over here we have the clothing And then over here we have the clothing And then over here we have the clothing rack, my shoes are a bit unorganized, rack, my shoes are a bit unorganized, rack, my shoes are a bit unorganized, but we're just going to disregard that. but we're just going to disregard that. but we're just going to disregard that. And then over here we have this sort of And then over here we have this sort of And then over here we have this sort of whimsical, silly, makeshift type of whimsical, silly, makeshift type of whimsical, silly, makeshift type of chair. It's actually just chair cushion chair. It's actually just chair cushion chair. It's actually just chair cushion pillows. I think it's just regular pillows. I think it's just regular pillows. I think it's just regular pillows actually. And then there's a pillows actually. And then there's a pillows actually. And then there's a quilt over top of it. And this was Eva's quilt over top of it. And this was Eva's quilt over top of it. And this was Eva's idea. It's sort of a beanbag situation. idea. It's sort of a beanbag situation. idea. It's sort of a beanbag situation. I think it's very cute. I think it's a I think it's very cute. I think it's a I think it's very cute. I think it's a fun little addition to this corner. And fun little addition to this corner. And fun little addition to this corner. And then of course, as you can see, we have then of course, as you can see, we have then of course, as you can see, we have our small mirror. And this is so random, our small mirror. And this is so random, our small mirror. And this is so random, but when we first moved in here, there but when we first moved in here, there but when we first moved in here, there was a bunch of random holes in the wall. was a bunch of random holes in the wall. was a bunch of random holes in the wall. So, we just looked for the holes that So, we just looked for the holes that So, we just looked for the holes that were already pre-existing and then stuck were already pre-existing and then stuck were already pre-existing and then stuck in these thumb tacks. So, it's a very in these thumb tacks. So, it's a very in these thumb tacks. So, it's a very like makeshift, kind of temporary like makeshift, kind of temporary like makeshift, kind of temporary situation, but it actually worked out situation, but it actually worked out situation, but it actually worked out very well and I'm really, really liking very well and I'm really, really liking very well and I'm really, really liking this corner. I think this is probably this corner. I think this is probably this corner. I think this is probably one of my favorite parts of the house. one of my favorite parts of the house. one of my favorite parts of the house. This and Okay. This and Okay. This and Okay. Okay, yard work. You know what? Thank Okay, yard work. You know what? Thank Okay, yard work. You know what? Thank you for keeping you for keeping you for keeping the yard the yard the yard >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> mowed. >> mowed. >> mowed. Oh, also over here we have the stuffed Oh, also over here we have the stuffed Oh, also over here we have the stuffed animal collection. This is a mix of me animal collection. This is a mix of me animal collection. This is a mix of me and Eva's stuffed animals. [music] Just and Eva's stuffed animals. [music] Just and Eva's stuffed animals. [music] Just like Jellycats, little random. Actually, like Jellycats, little random. Actually, like Jellycats, little random. Actually, I think this one This one is the only I think this one This one is the only I think this one This one is the only one that's not a Jellycat, but he's one that's not a Jellycat, but he's one that's not a Jellycat, but he's fitting right in. Super cute. This is my fitting right in. Super cute. This is my fitting right in. Super cute. This is my workout clothes and like leggings, workout clothes and like leggings, workout clothes and like leggings, things of that nature. And then over things of that nature. And then over things of that nature. And then over here, I'm technically supposed to keep here, I'm technically supposed to keep here, I'm technically supposed to keep this type of stuff in the closet, but this type of stuff in the closet, but this type of stuff in the closet, but this has ended up accumulating into a this has ended up accumulating into a this has ended up accumulating into a bit of a tech corner. I have this cart bit of a tech corner. I have this cart bit of a tech corner. I have this cart in my closet and this is where I'm in my closet and this is where I'm in my closet and this is where I'm supposed to keep the text stuff. And supposed to keep the text stuff. And supposed to keep the text stuff. And then this is the closet. I've actually then this is the closet. I've actually then this is the closet. I've actually been keeping it pretty clean, not to say been keeping it pretty clean, not to say been keeping it pretty clean, not to say that there's never some clothes on the that there's never some clothes on the that there's never some clothes on the floor. It's definitely not like the most floor. It's definitely not like the most floor. It's definitely not like the most organized ever, but for the most part, organized ever, but for the most part, organized ever, but for the most part, keeping it pretty organized. I really keeping it pretty organized. I really keeping it pretty organized. I really like having the space. And then the like having the space. And then the like having the space. And then the kitchen, nothing has really changed over kitchen, nothing has really changed over kitchen, nothing has really changed over here. Um if anything, we've just like here. Um if anything, we've just like here. Um if anything, we've just like added more stuff like this because added more stuff like this because added more stuff like this because basically Eva keeps getting things from basically Eva keeps getting things from basically Eva keeps getting things from her wedding registry. So there's kind of her wedding registry. So there's kind of her wedding registry. So there's kind of like a lot of utensils and things like like a lot of utensils and things like like a lot of utensils and things like that, which is really nice. So we got that, which is really nice. So we got that, which is really nice. So we got like some new pots or we, but we I mean like some new pots or we, but we I mean like some new pots or we, but we I mean Eva got a pots, and then I just get to Eva got a pots, and then I just get to Eva got a pots, and then I just get to use them for the time being that I'm use them for the time being that I'm use them for the time being that I'm here. And then over here for the here. And then over here for the here. And then over here for the fireplace, I feel like it wasn't like fireplace, I feel like it wasn't like fireplace, I feel like it wasn't like this the last time that I vlogged. We this the last time that I vlogged. We this the last time that I vlogged. We added this TV stand, which I know it's added this TV stand, which I know it's added this TV stand, which I know it's sort of random and awkward, but we sort of random and awkward, but we sort of random and awkward, but we didn't know where else to put it, and didn't know where else to put it, and didn't know where else to put it, and also the TV really looked weird and was also the TV really looked weird and was also the TV really looked weird and was very unstable up here. So it's a little very unstable up here. So it's a little very unstable up here. So it's a little bit awkward and out of place, but I bit awkward and out of place, but I bit awkward and out of place, but I personally think it's cute. It's kind of personally think it's cute. It's kind of personally think it's cute. It's kind of endearing endearing endearing in a way, I don't know. And then we also in a way, I don't know. And then we also in a way, I don't know. And then we also temporarily have these string lights temporarily have these string lights temporarily have these string lights here. We originally wanted to put them here. We originally wanted to put them here. We originally wanted to put them outside, and I think we are still outside, and I think we are still outside, and I think we are still planning on relocating these outside, planning on relocating these outside, planning on relocating these outside, but we didn't have an extension cord, but we didn't have an extension cord, but we didn't have an extension cord, and there wasn't a plug out there on the and there wasn't a plug out there on the and there wasn't a plug out there on the deck. But yeah, other than that, nothing deck. But yeah, other than that, nothing deck. But yeah, other than that, nothing really has changed too much. We've just really has changed too much. We've just really has changed too much. We've just been adding little things here and been adding little things here and been adding little things here and there, but it's very very much feeling there, but it's very very much feeling there, but it's very very much feeling like home. I'm starting to get really like home. I'm starting to get really like home. I'm starting to get really sad that I'm going to have to leave kind sad that I'm going to have to leave kind sad that I'm going to have to leave kind of soon. Um I'm just not thinking about of soon. Um I'm just not thinking about of soon. Um I'm just not thinking about it. I'm trying to be present in the it. I'm trying to be present in the it. I'm trying to be present in the moment. >> [music] >> Hey. >> Hey. >> Hey. I just I just I just I just whoa. I'm so sorry to the neighbors. Anyway, I I'm so sorry to the neighbors. Anyway, I I'm so sorry to the neighbors. Anyway, I just finished up my Zoom class, and just finished up my Zoom class, and just finished up my Zoom class, and today I was listening to the people give today I was listening to the people give today I was listening to the people give their speeches, and then I'm going to their speeches, and then I'm going to their speeches, and then I'm going to have to give my speech in like 2 days, have to give my speech in like 2 days, have to give my speech in like 2 days, so I should definitely get to work. so I should definitely get to work. so I should definitely get to work. >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> Get working on that. But, today I just >> Get working on that. But, today I just >> Get working on that. But, today I just got to listen, and we're all got to listen, and we're all got to listen, and we're all specifically assigned someone in the specifically assigned someone in the specifically assigned someone in the class that we need to do a peer class that we need to do a peer class that we need to do a peer evaluation of. So, for my person, or the evaluation of. So, for my person, or the evaluation of. So, for my person, or the person that I was evaluating, I person that I was evaluating, I person that I was evaluating, I basically recorded his speech, and then basically recorded his speech, and then basically recorded his speech, and then this app that I love love love, which this app that I love love love, which this app that I love love love, which you guys have probably heard me talk you guys have probably heard me talk you guys have probably heard me talk about this app before, it's Notability. about this app before, it's Notability. about this app before, it's Notability. Basically, they have this feature within Basically, they have this feature within Basically, they have this feature within the app where you can record whatever the app where you can record whatever the app where you can record whatever you want to record, and then it you want to record, and then it you want to record, and then it transcribes it for you, and then you can transcribes it for you, and then you can transcribes it for you, and then you can also listen back to it. And this comes also listen back to it. And this comes also listen back to it. And this comes so in clutch whenever I'm doing like an so in clutch whenever I'm doing like an so in clutch whenever I'm doing like an interview, or a peer evaluation like interview, or a peer evaluation like interview, or a peer evaluation like this because then I'm not sitting there this because then I'm not sitting there this because then I'm not sitting there stressed like trying to write down stressed like trying to write down stressed like trying to write down everything he's saying. I can listen everything he's saying. I can listen everything he's saying. I can listen back to it, and then it's also really back to it, and then it's also really back to it, and then it's also really nice cuz it's here in words, and it's a nice cuz it's here in words, and it's a nice cuz it's here in words, and it's a lot easier to then go ahead and take lot easier to then go ahead and take lot easier to then go ahead and take notes on that and write about it. Something about taking notes on my iPad Something about taking notes on my iPad Something about taking notes on my iPad makes me feel so locked in and makes me feel so locked in and makes me feel so locked in and professional, and I just feel so cool professional, and I just feel so cool professional, and I just feel so cool like being over here on my iPad taking like being over here on my iPad taking like being over here on my iPad taking notes. I'm going to go ahead and take a notes. I'm going to go ahead and take a notes. I'm going to go ahead and take a few notes on this peer reviewer peer Why few notes on this peer reviewer peer Why few notes on this peer reviewer peer Why am I having a hard time with saying am I having a hard time with saying am I having a hard time with saying that? Peer reviewer peer review, and get that? Peer reviewer peer review, and get that? Peer reviewer peer review, and get that assignment submitted. And then I that assignment submitted. And then I that assignment submitted. And then I also think Eva's going to be home from also think Eva's going to be home from also think Eva's going to be home from work soon, which I'm really excited work soon, which I'm really excited work soon, which I'm really excited about. Also, one of my favorite things about. Also, one of my favorite things about. Also, one of my favorite things that I've been doing for pretty much the that I've been doing for pretty much the that I've been doing for pretty much the entire time that we've been living here entire time that we've been living here entire time that we've been living here is I love to put these nature squirrel is I love to put these nature squirrel is I love to put these nature squirrel bird videos on the TV, and just have it bird videos on the TV, and just have it bird videos on the TV, and just have it in the background. It makes me really in the background. It makes me really in the background. It makes me really happy. Like sometimes I just sit here happy. Like sometimes I just sit here happy. Like sometimes I just sit here >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> and watch the animals in the video, and >> and watch the animals in the video, and >> and watch the animals in the video, and it's a very like calming it's a very like calming it's a very like calming tactic. tactic. tactic. >> [music] >> Ooh. >> [music] >> Ooh. >> Ooh. >> Ooh. >> [music]