Yeah, I know.
Now that we're in an apartment together,
we're literally [singing] we can't buy
everything.
These are the earrings that we're going
to go get at Target.
Hi guys. Welcome to another video. For
those of you who maybe missed my last
video or two and you don't know where
the heck I am. I am in the apartment
that I've been living in for the past
month or so with my best friend and this
has been a very, very fun like one of my
most favorite seasons of life ever and
I've been getting very frustrated with
myself because I haven't been blogging
or like I haven't blogging.
You know what? Let me just sit down and
chat with you guys a bit because
basically I've been realizing that I
have a really big issue with being a
perfectionist and this is something that
I've struggled with for a lot of my life
but especially over the past four or
five years like my whole teenagehood
going into adulthood. I just feel like I
need to be perfect and it's funny
because I never actually feel like I
achieve that state of perfection. I've
never once in my life thought that I was
perfect or like anything I'm doing is
perfect [music] and recently I've been
coming increasingly aware of how
extremely debilitating this mindset has
been for me and how it's negatively
impacting so many different areas of my
life. Like for example with YouTube,
I've been filming things and I've been
blogging things but if I don't think
it's good enough or if I don't think
it's like perfect, [music]
then I don't post it and then with
school, I'll work on an assignment that
could take an hour and it ends up taking
me five hours because I want it to be
perfect and the best that it could
possibly be. Then what happens is that I
end up beating myself up about it and
then I just get in this frozen survival
state, I guess, where I just don't do
anything. So then I just freeze and sit
there and don't do anything and then it
makes me spiral more and and it's hard
because yes, I do want to put my best
effort into everything that I do and be
proud of the work that I'm putting out
but also it does not need to be perfect
and it does not need to be not
everything needs to be like the best
work I've ever done every single time.
So in an attempt to try to break this
negative mindset that I've had for the
past however long, I'm going to try
I am going to I'm going to film and edit
this entire vlog within the span of a
week. I'm literally just going to film
whatever I do for the next couple days.
I'm going to edit it in real time, post
it in real time, not try to make it
perfect, not try to talk myself out of
it, and tell myself that it's trash, no
one wants to watch it, and then end up
scratching the video. I'm just I'm going
to post it, and I'm not like I'm so done
with this mindset because it's really
what's been holding me back for the past
couple years with so many things, and
it's just really not good. So, this
video is basically my attempt to start
getting over this. I think it's going to
take a lot more work than just posting
one video, but I think that this is a
step in the right direction for me. So,
welcome to the video.
First thing on the agenda this morning
is I'm going to be going to meet up with
Eva, and we're going to do a photo shoot
for her because she is a hair stylist,
and she is wanting some new branding
photos, which I'm really excited because
I used to do photo shoots with my
friends all the time. Like, that was
just one of the things that you did is
you would meet up and take photos and do
a photo shoot, and it's been a while
since I really gotten to be like the
photographer in a situation. I'm going
to be using my vlog camera, so this is
the camera I normally use for vlogging,
and it does actually take pretty good
photos.
And now, to the left. This sound it
makes, oh my gosh, it's so satisfying.
Makes you feel so professional. Yeah,
I'm excited. Um so, yeah, we're going to
go take those photos, do that photo
shoot, and then after we're done with
the photo shoot, we're going to stay out
and about, and probably just go to like
a coffee shop and do some work, and then
we're going to go to get our nails done
because I think it's actually been like
3 weeks since I got my nails done, but
they are looking so grown out and bad,
and like lifting a lot, and I've been
having this sort of
um I don't
I don't know what the word is for it.
Impulse, urge, I don't know. I've been
really struggling with picking my nails
the past couple days, and it's not
helping because the one was only lifting
a tiny bit, and then I started like
ripping at it sort of, and really just
messing with them, and it's been very
like
I'm just getting agitated. Like, I need
to take them off. Yeah, it's going to be
a really fun morning day. So, let's go.
Ultimate side quest of the day. We just
finished up our photo shoot.
But, guess where we are.
I haven't been here since I was maybe
like 8 years old.
This is an extremely last-minute
decision. I need something for my towels
at my new job, and I said, "Wait, IKEA."
And we were going to go eat lunch
somewhere cute, but we're going to eat
lunch here because
I'm going to get some meatballs.
are actually my favorite thing ever. Get
our stuff, but come along because this
is about to be fire emoji.
#IKEA, #fire, # It's just something
about the feeling of being in IKEA.
Like, I want to buy everything.
Everything. And the way that they set up
like all the pretend rooms and like, can
I just live here and like Wait, I forgot
about the rooms. Yeah, I know. And cuz
we were we were going to be in a rush to
try and eat somewhere else, but now
since we're eating here, we're just
going to wander around.
just dilly dally. And just be calm.
Until our food
I'm so excited. Wait, yes.
That guy is excited to be here.
Okay, okay, okay. I'll give you guys my
first IKEA reaction. We have to be
careful because now that we're in an
apartment together, we're literally we
can buy everything. I remember coming
here when I was little and I'd be like,
"Well, I can't I don't need anything cuz
I'm just in my like childhood bedroom."
But, I feel now we need stuff.
"We That would look so
cute in your
can justify anything. So, we just have
to be careful. But, what's your first
impressions? First impressions, I'm not
really seeing much, but I'm definitely
remembering the vibe.
Time to go up the escalator, and I would
say Food's up there. Okay, let's go.
First things first, we headed to the
cafeteria section because I hadn't been
to IKEA in probably like 10 years. I
didn't remember what any of the food
tasted like, so I was really, really
excited to try it. And this food,
specifically the meatballs, did not let
me down. They tasted absolutely
fabulous.
I like don't even know how to describe
this sensation.
We are beginning the adventure.
My favorite part about coming back to
IKEA was going through the rooms. We
were having so much fun exploring all
the little staged rooms that they have
there.
I want this desk.
Wait, can this be our dream life where
this is how we work? Hey Jane.
You are the favorite for me and
Hi, so I'm actually the boss.
No, so my job is to oversee the
oversights to make sure that everything
runs in according with the diagram that
we initially mapped out. Um and if
that's what I'm talking to you, then you
can stop asking me questions. The
diagram of the dialect that I designed.
Wait, I need to do the villain the
villain iPad.
the villain chair is the villain chair.
Oh, what's this? Your secret lair? Um
this is something else.
Wow.
This backpack
and if this goes on Looks like a flying
squirrel.
Oh my god. Oh my god. Wait, I love the
color of this.
Love the color.
That's so cute.
There she is.
We got the goods or the good. We got it.
Look at these clouds right now. Oh my
gosh. Looks like I'm in Minecraft. Oh,
we have about an hour until our nail
appointment, so we're going to go till
slash work at a coffee shop for a little
bit and then go get our nails done,
which I'm so excited because my nails
are looking bad.
Whatever you want.
Yeah.
I mean
Good morning.
These are the nails that we got last
night. I forgot to vlog anymore
yesterday, but these are maybe my
favorite nails that I've ever gotten
done. Each one has a different design
and I really really love these little
fishes fishies. I want to say fishies,
but I think it's actually just fish.
Abby did such an amazing job and I'm
just like in awe. I can't stop staring
at them. Anyway, it is morning. I just
woke up, so I'm still feeling like a
little brain fogged and stuff, but I'm
going to make myself breakfast and I
want to show you guys the breakfast that
I've been making pretty much every
single day for the past week. I don't
normally fixate on a specific breakfast.
Like I'll kind of rotate between a few
different breakfasts, but for some
reason this past week there's been one
specific breakfast that I just wake up
and I want nothing else. Like I just
want this specific breakfast. And I'm
also going to be going to a Pilates
class this morning, which I haven't gone
to a single Pilates class since I've
been living here, which is so weird cuz
that was something I really like planned
on doing. But yeah, I'm actually trying
to like get back into my Pilates grind
like going to classes even if it's just
like once a week and I'm trying to use
up my credits before they charge my
account. So I booked a class for 9:00
a.m. and it's currently 7:30. So I'm
going to make a breakfast, which I don't
know if I'm going to regret making a big
breakfast or eating a full-on breakfast
before I go to Pilates. I don't know how
intense the class is going to be, but
I'm also the type of person where I need
to eat literally the second I wake up
and I won't have energy for the class,
so I'm just going to make it and hope
for the best. I'm also going to wipe off
the stove. Like I promise we normally do
clean up the kitchen, but last night
I don't know what happened last night.
First of all, we're going in with oats
and I'm going to start by boiling the
water for those.
I've recently been liking to add protein
powder to my oats, which I used to never
do this because it would get clumpy, and
I also just really hated the taste. But,
I actually recently found a protein
powder brand that I really really really
like the taste. Like, I genuinely crave
this stuff. It's the Just Ingredients
brand. So, what I do
I put the protein powder into like a
separate little container. Then, I add
some water and just mix it around. And,
this basically makes a paste of sorts.
And, I have seen other people do this.
Like, I'm not going to pretend that I'm
a genius.
So, now that the water is boiling, I'm
going to turn on the heat. We're just
like basically giving you a regular
oatmeal tutorial. I mean, they're Okay,
anyway. Adding the oats. While that's
cooking, I let the oatmeal cook and then
add the protein powder. I go ahead and
make my coffee. For the espresso
machine, we have this Nespresso, which I
had never had one of these before. This
is technically Eva's, but I absolutely
love how it works. So, basically, you
put the pods, these little like coffee
pods, into this, and it just brews
espresso. I don't really know how it
works. I haven't really been doing
anything crazy for my coffee flavor. I
like to keep it simple, but I always
have been doing maple syrup. Maybe do
like a tablespoon. I kind of just
eyeball it. And then, I add [music]
cinnamon. And, I like to brew the
espresso over the flavors. It makes it
like I don't know. I just feel like it
makes it taste better.
Okay, I am about to head out to my
Pilates class. It is the most beautiful
morning. You can see the sunshine coming
through the trees. For the past couple
weeks, almost every single morning and
every single day has been like this
where it's just so sunny and you wake up
and you hear the birds chirping and it
fills me with so much optimism and
excitement for the day. Um but I'm going
to go to my Pilates class. I'm going to
a new place that I've never been to
before, but I'm honestly a lot more
excited than nervous. Normally when I'm
going to a new place, I get really
nervous, but I'm feeling super excited.
I'm currently almost finished getting
ready. I'm going to do myself a little
slicked back of sorts. I really really
enjoyed the Pilates class I did this
morning. It was the perfect amount of
intensity for me because as I mentioned,
I haven't been going to Pilates or
anything like that recently and so I was
glad that it was a little more of an
intermediate type of level. Like it was
definitely hard enough that I felt
challenged, but also not to the point
where I was actually unable to do the
exercises. Um
I don't Oh
my gosh. Like what are we? I Mm.
Okay, slicked back is the move. Today's
looking like it's going to be a pretty
chill day. My main thing is I have a
3:30 to 5:00 Zoom class, which I only
have like maybe I want to say two to
three weeks left in my college classes
before summer and I'm feeling really
excited. I have actually really been
enjoying the class that I'm taking
though, like specifically the one that
has been a Zoom class. It's a public
speaking class. Something that I've
really learned is I can speak to a
camera pretty well. Like obviously
sometimes I'll mess up or stutter, and
that's just how it goes sometimes, but
overall I can usually speak pretty
confidently and at a pretty good pace
when I'm talking to the camera. But
whenever I'm public speaking, it's just
a whole new ballgame, and I get
extremely nervous even when I'm just
presenting to the Zoom class. I get very
nervous and like shaky, and then I start
to speak really really fast and start to
ramble over my words and things. So I've
noticed throughout the couple speeches
that I've given in this class, I've
gotten a little bit better, but I also
know that there's a lot of room for
improvement. So I have actually really
been enjoying that class, and I'm kind
of sad it's ending, but also I'm not
that sad. I definitely learned a lot,
and I want to continue to learn how to
articulate myself better and speak
better in front of crowds, cuz I think
that's just something that inevitably
I'm going to have to speak in front of a
crowd, so I might as well learn how to
get good at it.
Okay, I can't tell how that bun looks.
You guys should let me know. I actually
I really truly can't see the back of my
head right now. Slightly feeling like
Rue in this outfit. Like the the stripes
and it's
I don't know. I've kind of been like
slightly struggling with my outfits
recently. I just need to get creative. I
literally stole this from Eva's closet,
and I'm still not even sure if I'm going
to wear it.
Okay, I ended up deciding I'm just going
to wear a basic white [music] shirt onto
the plane for this afternoon. Before I
go to my class or before I do my class,
I have had this mission in mind. It was
something I've been wanting to do, and I
keep not doing it, so today's going to
be the day that I do it, and that is get
an earring for my second piercing here,
and change out the second piercing. I've
had this for
December.
Yeah, it's been 4 months since I got my
seconds, and keep thinking about how I'm
going to change them out, and then I
just keep putting it off because it's
not really a priority, but I decided
today's going to be the day. I'm going
to go get myself some earrings and
yesterday when we were getting our nails
done, I asked our friend who's doing our
nails where she gets her seconds. She
said that she gets her earrings from
Marshalls, which is kind of random and
I'm also loving that because I haven't
been to Marshalls in so long. So, I'm
going to do a Marshalls run and I'm not
quite sure, but I think there's a chance
even might be able to join me for a
little bit because she has a gap in
between her hair clients. So, I'm
texting with her and trying to figure
out we might also get lunch. I don't
really know what's going on, but I'm
just going to go out for a little bit
have a chill fun afternoon and I'm
excited.
Just got out of Marshalls and let me
tell you Marshalls was popping today.
There was so many people. So, I didn't
really vlog in the store, but I got the
earrings. These are the earrings.
They're not exactly I don't know. I
think this is exactly what I was going
for like the little gold one and then
this is probably my second favorite, the
pearls. These are not as much my style.
Maybe, I don't know. I'm just going to
experiment and see what vibe I'm going
for. Kind of tempted to try changing
them right now. I don't know if that's a
bad idea. I'm just going to try it. I'm
just going to try changing them. Oh, I
also got some new socks, which is kind
of an impulse buy, but I have been
needing new socks for a while. I'm going
to try kind of like these little pearl
ones. Oh wait, it's a huggie. Okay, I've
never worn
huggies like ever. So, I'm kind of
nervous to put these in. Wait, maybe I
shouldn't do this in the car. I'm kind
of nervous.
I don't know if it's going to be bad. I
don't know if it's going to be bad.
Please don't be bad.
Oh gosh.
I just really really want to do this.
Okay, okay, okay.
So, first
I have to try to pop out these that have
been sitting in my ears for the past
What if it bleeds?
Maybe I should do this back at home. Do
you guys hear my AC? My AC in my car has
been broken. Do you hear that?
Okay. No, I'm going to do this back at
home. Okay, I'm getting too nervous.
Oh, okay.
No, ew.
Oh gosh. I should probably clean my ear.
Okay.
Oh, wait.
Okay. I don't know if it's just cuz it's
new, but I'm like not liking how that's
looking.
Okay. Maybe it's just with this earring.
I think it's just cuz it's new. I think
it's I think it's cute. I don't know.
Maybe I like the little pearl better.
I don't know. Okay, I feel like I just
need another piercing here. It looks
like uneven.
Okay. Ooh, okay.
Let's see in the little more of like the
natural lighting. I like it. Okay, yeah,
I like it. Maybe not I'm not loving
these hoops. These are kind of random,
but first and second, that's cute. Okay,
wait. I'm really wanting to get more
piercings now.
I'm sorry, mom and dad if you're
watching this, I promise I'm not going
to like go crazy, but maybe a third one.
It just looks a little unbalanced, you
know? I think a third one would have
really complimented it. So, maybe I need
to go get a third. I don't want to be
too impulsive, but
I do think that would look really cute.
Also, I realized I haven't really given
you guys an updated tour of how the
house is looking, and I don't really
feel like giving the whole tour because
nothing much has changed from vlog that
I did. However, this room, aka the girl
room, has had some updates and
improvements. So, I'll give you a little
tour. Also, this is like PR and random
packages that I need to figure out what
to do with. I don't really have a
designated space for them, so we're not
going to talk about that. But, as you
can see, the biggest improvement is that
I got a desk, and when we first moved
in, I wasn't even sure if I was going to
be able to get a desk because I didn't
want to buy a whole desk and then have
to figure out how to transport it back
home with me because that would mean
like I have to get a moving truck and
all that stuff. But, Eva ended up
remembering that she had this desk that
she wasn't using back at her old house.
And thankfully, I brought my walking pad
with me. So, this has been my work area
where I'm doing school and editing all
that type of stuff. I just like stand
here and walk and do my work. And I
really, really, really love having this
space. I'm so thankful. And then over
here we put this nightstand. I honestly
don't even know what's in these drawers.
It's kind of just random stuff. Oh, this
was from Easter.
All the Easter candy, Easter snacks. I
also ended up bringing this lamp from
back home. Over here we got a mirror.
And then over here we have the clothing
rack, my shoes are a bit unorganized,
but we're just going to disregard that.
And then over here we have this sort of
whimsical, silly, makeshift type of
chair. It's actually just chair cushion
pillows. I think it's just regular
pillows actually. And then there's a
quilt over top of it. And this was Eva's
idea. It's sort of a beanbag situation.
I think it's very cute. I think it's a
fun little addition to this corner. And
then of course, as you can see, we have
our small mirror. And this is so random,
but when we first moved in here, there
was a bunch of random holes in the wall.
So, we just looked for the holes that
were already pre-existing and then stuck
in these thumb tacks. So, it's a very
like makeshift, kind of temporary
situation, but it actually worked out
very well and I'm really, really liking
this corner. I think this is probably
one of my favorite parts of the house.
This and Okay.
Okay, yard work. You know what? Thank
you for keeping
the yard
mowed.
Oh, also over here we have the stuffed
animal collection. This is a mix of me
and Eva's stuffed animals. [music] Just
like Jellycats, little random. Actually,
I think this one This one is the only
one that's not a Jellycat, but he's
fitting right in. Super cute. This is my
workout clothes and like leggings,
things of that nature. And then over
here, I'm technically supposed to keep
this type of stuff in the closet, but
this has ended up accumulating into a
bit of a tech corner. I have this cart
in my closet and this is where I'm
supposed to keep the text stuff. And
then this is the closet. I've actually
been keeping it pretty clean, not to say
that there's never some clothes on the
floor. It's definitely not like the most
organized ever, but for the most part,
keeping it pretty organized. I really
like having the space. And then the
kitchen, nothing has really changed over
here. Um if anything, we've just like
added more stuff like this because
basically Eva keeps getting things from
her wedding registry. So there's kind of
like a lot of utensils and things like
that, which is really nice. So we got
like some new pots or we, but we I mean
Eva got a pots, and then I just get to
use them for the time being that I'm
here. And then over here for the
fireplace, I feel like it wasn't like
this the last time that I vlogged. We
added this TV stand, which I know it's
sort of random and awkward, but we
didn't know where else to put it, and
also the TV really looked weird and was
very unstable up here. So it's a little
bit awkward and out of place, but I
personally think it's cute. It's kind of
endearing
in a way, I don't know. And then we also
temporarily have these string lights
here. We originally wanted to put them
outside, and I think we are still
planning on relocating these outside,
but we didn't have an extension cord,
and there wasn't a plug out there on the
deck. But yeah, other than that, nothing
really has changed too much. We've just
been adding little things here and
there, but it's very very much feeling
like home. I'm starting to get really
sad that I'm going to have to leave kind
of soon. Um I'm just not thinking about
it. I'm trying to be present in the
moment.
Hey.
I just whoa.
I'm so sorry to the neighbors. Anyway, I
just finished up my Zoom class, and
today I was listening to the people give
their speeches, and then I'm going to
have to give my speech in like 2 days,
so I should definitely get to work.
Get working on that. But, today I just
got to listen, and we're all
specifically assigned someone in the
class that we need to do a peer
evaluation of. So, for my person, or the
person that I was evaluating, I
basically recorded his speech, and then
this app that I love love love, which
you guys have probably heard me talk
about this app before, it's Notability.
Basically, they have this feature within
the app where you can record whatever
you want to record, and then it
transcribes it for you, and then you can
also listen back to it. And this comes
so in clutch whenever I'm doing like an
interview, or a peer evaluation like
this because then I'm not sitting there
stressed like trying to write down
everything he's saying. I can listen
back to it, and then it's also really
nice cuz it's here in words, and it's a
lot easier to then go ahead and take
notes on that and write about it.
Something about taking notes on my iPad
makes me feel so locked in and
professional, and I just feel so cool
like being over here on my iPad taking
notes. I'm going to go ahead and take a
few notes on this peer reviewer peer Why
am I having a hard time with saying
that? Peer reviewer peer review, and get
that assignment submitted. And then I
also think Eva's going to be home from
work soon, which I'm really excited
about. Also, one of my favorite things
that I've been doing for pretty much the
entire time that we've been living here
is I love to put these nature squirrel
bird videos on the TV, and just have it
in the background. It makes me really
happy. Like sometimes I just sit here
and watch the animals in the video, and
it's a very like calming
tactic.
Ooh.
