You said in the comments that You said in the comments that You said in the comments that J and I would be a great match, J and I would be a great match, J and I would be a great match, and I actually thought so too, and I actually thought so too, and I actually thought so too, so I invited her on a date so I invited her on a date so I invited her on a date and we and we and we bought the Sonnenfensternness together. bought the Sonnenfensternness together. bought the Sonnenfensternness together. We then met up in Berlin We then met up in Berlin We then met up in Berlin and I and I and I invited her on a date, and I think invited her on a date, and I think invited her on a date, and I think you definitely liked that. you definitely liked that. you definitely liked that. We're basically both one and the same We're basically both one and the same We're basically both one and the same person.  We're both a bit person.  We're both a bit person.  We're both a bit tanned, we could tanned, we could tanned, we could actually be siblings, but of actually be siblings, but of actually be siblings, but of course I also got roses course I also got roses course I also got roses , because that's what a , because that's what a , because that's what a gentleman does, and personality-wise we're a gentleman does, and personality-wise we're a gentleman does, and personality-wise we're a perfect match, because we perfect match, because we perfect match, because we 're both kind of hilarious and I don't 're both kind of hilarious and I don't 're both kind of hilarious and I don't know, we just have the know, we just have the know, we just have the same sense of humor, we're just the same, same sense of humor, we're just the same, same sense of humor, we're just the same, sorry.  And then we went to sorry.  And then we went to sorry.  And then we went to Cookie Tür before the sun started shining Cookie Tür before the sun started shining Cookie Tür before the sun started shining and of course treated ourselves to some and of course treated ourselves to some and of course treated ourselves to some cookies.  And now, cookies.  And now, cookies.  And now, sorry, am I the only one, sorry, am I the only one, sorry, am I the only one, or are we the only ones, who or are we the only ones, who or are we the only ones, who somehow didn't see this solar eclipse somehow didn't see this solar eclipse somehow didn't see this solar eclipse ?  Dude, I didn't ?  Dude, I didn't ?  Dude, I didn't see anything.  We were feeling a bit see anything.  We were feeling a bit see anything.  We were feeling a bit sweet, still in the park, spent some sweet, still in the park, spent some sweet, still in the park, spent some time together and time together and time together and it was generally a really great day. it was generally a really great day. it was generally a really great day. Why does Loki have a fatter ass Why does Loki have a fatter ass Why does Loki have a fatter ass than me?  Take a look at this.  Bomb than me?  Take a look at this.  Bomb than me?  Take a look at this.  Bomb such a fat ass.  Sorry.  E such a fat ass.  Sorry.  E such a fat ass.  Sorry.  E Juli just had to go Juli just had to go Juli just had to go home at some point, but of course I hope there will be home at some point, but of course I hope there will be home at some point, but of course I hope there will be a second date.