Who killed? Who killed? Who killed? Who killed?  You tell me the truth, friend.   It seemed Who killed?  You tell me the truth, friend.   It seemed Who killed?  You tell me the truth, friend.   It seemed too fast. too fast. too fast. Dude, it's hurting. Dude, it's hurting. Dude, it's hurting. Oh my, your body.  [laughter] He was just shaking [laughter] He was just shaking [laughter] He was just shaking [laughter] brother. brother. brother. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. So hello guys welcome to my new vlog So hello guys welcome to my new vlog So hello guys welcome to my new vlog video. video. video. Good sir. Good sir. Good sir. So guys, welcome to today's vlog. So guys, welcome to today's vlog. So guys, welcome to today's vlog. Brother, we have just come to Lucknow and are roaming around Brother, we have just come to Lucknow and are roaming around Brother, we have just come to Lucknow and are roaming around in Lucknow.  Now we are going to Alamat Dham. in Lucknow.  Now we are going to Alamat Dham. in Lucknow.  Now we are going to Alamat Dham. Ok?  What do you say like Alamat Dham?   The Ok?  What do you say like Alamat Dham?   The Ok?  What do you say like Alamat Dham?   The location in Lucknow is very good.  It location in Lucknow is very good.  It location in Lucknow is very good.  It is a very nice place.  There is a temple there.  Ok is a very nice place.  There is a temple there.  Ok is a very nice place.  There is a temple there.  Ok ?  Let's go.  Since we have come to Lucknow, ?  Let's go.  Since we have come to Lucknow, ?  Let's go.  Since we have come to Lucknow, we should also have darshan of God. we should also have darshan of God. we should also have darshan of God. Ok.  So brother, I want to tell Ok.  So brother, I want to tell Ok.  So brother, I want to tell you all to stay tuned to today's love blog. you all to stay tuned to today's love blog. you all to stay tuned to today's love blog. Ok?  So today too we are going to have a lot of Ok?  So today too we are going to have a lot of Ok?  So today too we are going to have a lot of fun. fun. fun. We will meet the same sister-in-law who came here three years ago.  I know We will meet the same sister-in-law who came here three years ago.  I know We will meet the same sister-in-law who came here three years ago.  I know brother.  Look brother Om, brother.  Look brother Om, brother.  Look brother Om, what should I tell you, Bhabhi was very nice, that's why I am asking you to what should I tell you, Bhabhi was very nice, that's why I am asking you to what should I tell you, Bhabhi was very nice, that's why I am asking you to wait for a while, come on brother, let's go for wait for a while, come on brother, let's go for wait for a while, come on brother, let's go for a small darshan and then go straight to a small darshan and then go straight to a small darshan and then go straight to Hanuman Dham and first let you guys have darshan Hanuman Dham and first let you guys have darshan Hanuman Dham and first let you guys have darshan of the Lord, after that we will make of the Lord, after that we will make of the Lord, after that we will make you guys enjoy, okay come on So finally guys we have reached, no one will say anything, So finally guys we have reached, no one will say anything, So finally guys we have reached, no one will say anything, Halmat Halmat Halmat Bham Bham Bham So guys, Bajrangbali is here.  Ok. So guys, Bajrangbali is here.  Ok. So guys, Bajrangbali is here.  Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Jai bajarangabalee. Jai bajarangabalee. Jai bajarangabalee. Say [music] say it. Say [music] say it. Say [music] say it. No one said anything, friend.  Nobody spoke.  No one has the courage to speak. No one said anything, friend.  Nobody spoke.  No one has the courage to speak. Tell me this is a lie.   Let's Tell me this is a lie.   Let's Tell me this is a lie.   Let's go brother and it felt great.  I felt very go brother and it felt great.  I felt very go brother and it felt great.  I felt very relaxed after visiting this place.  Let's relaxed after visiting this place.  Let's relaxed after visiting this place.  Let's get out of here now.  So come on brother, I have seen get out of here now.  So come on brother, I have seen get out of here now.  So come on brother, I have seen God.  Now let's go out and God.  Now let's go out and God.  Now let's go out and entertain you all.  Ok entertain you all.  Ok entertain you all.  Ok ?  So ?  So ?  So now the real fun begins.  So finally guys, after wandering around now the real fun begins.  So finally guys, after wandering around now the real fun begins.  So finally guys, after wandering around we reached Insaan.   I ca we reached Insaan.   I ca we reached Insaan.   I ca n't help it [laughs]. n't help it [laughs]. n't help it [laughs]. These people have come.  Look brother, he is injured. These people have come.  Look brother, he is injured. These people have come.  Look brother, he is injured. Show me your eyes brother.  He got hurt.  We went there to jump.   Show me Show me your eyes brother.  He got hurt.  We went there to jump.   Show me how to do jumping once. how to do jumping once. how to do jumping once. Nothing happened to other brothers like this.  He was in pain Nothing happened to other brothers like this.  He was in pain Nothing happened to other brothers like this.  He was in pain yesterday.  No, my yesterday.  No, my yesterday.  No, my love, I understood. love, I understood. love, I understood. Where was it hurting? Where was it hurting? Where was it hurting? Where was the pain? Where was the pain? Where was the pain? Say that your back is paining No talk, when your back is paining you can enjoy it [Music] Come on brother, let's go today, we are going to Come on brother, let's go today, we are going to Come on brother, let's go today, we are going to Janeshwar Park, okay, Janeshwar Park, okay, Janeshwar Park, okay, one beautiful sister-in-law has come to Janeshwar Park, okay, come on brother, let's one beautiful sister-in-law has come to Janeshwar Park, okay, come on brother, let's one beautiful sister-in-law has come to Janeshwar Park, okay, come on brother, let's see and let you guys enjoy see and let you guys enjoy see and let you guys enjoy today's lovely blog, come on, finally guys, today's lovely blog, come on, finally guys, today's lovely blog, come on, finally guys, we have reached with them.  He came today also. we have reached with them.  He came today also. we have reached with them.  He came today also. [MUSIC] You know, it's been coming for three days straight. know, it's been coming for three days straight. Brother, as far as I think, she has Brother, as far as I think, she has Brother, as far as I think, she has not been coming with me for the last three-four days.   It is a not been coming with me for the last three-four days.   It is a not been coming with me for the last three-four days.   It is a great insult at the same time. great insult at the same time. great insult at the same time. As far as I think, I might fall in love As far as I think, I might fall in love As far as I think, I might fall in love or she might fall in love with or she might fall in love with or she might fall in love with me. me. me. You don't have to. You don't have to. You don't have to. Hey, just do it [music]. [music]. [music]. Is the payment online?  Do it online.  Brother, I have asked you to wait for the Is the payment online?  Do it online.  Brother, I have asked you to wait for the Is the payment online?  Do it online.  Brother, I have asked you to wait for the payment.  I am the one bearing the payment.  I am the one bearing the payment.  I am the one bearing the expenses.  So expenses.  So expenses.  So finally guys got the ticket.  Both of us finally guys got the ticket.  Both of us finally guys got the ticket.  Both of us got tickets to Goa.   Let's go and got tickets to Goa.   Let's go and got tickets to Goa.   Let's go and enjoy in Goa. enjoy in Goa. enjoy in Goa. We will have a great honeymoon. We will have a great honeymoon. We will have a great honeymoon. [MUSIC] It's just so beautiful right now. beautiful right now. beautiful right now. Damn, Damn, Damn, oh damn [laughs] oh damn [laughs] oh damn [laughs] it's so beautiful so far.   I have been it's so beautiful so far.   I have been it's so beautiful so far.   I have been cheated brother. cheated brother. cheated brother. So where did brother go? So where did brother go? So where did brother go? Hey brother, where are you?  Yes Hey brother, where are you?  Yes Hey brother, where are you?  Yes Bhabhi, brother, this is the Bhabhi who came to Lucknow for the Bhabhi, brother, this is the Bhabhi who came to Lucknow for the Bhabhi, brother, this is the Bhabhi who came to Lucknow for the first time, so I did not meet you, where are first time, so I did not meet you, where are first time, so I did not meet you, where are you from, I am you from, I am you from, I am from Bihar, right, from Bihar, right, from Bihar, right, from Samastipur, from Samastipur, from Samastipur, yes yes yes Bhabhi had said that I like your video very much, Bhabhi had said that I like your video very much, yes guys, finally after three years we have met again yes guys, finally after three years we have met again yes guys, finally after three years we have met again and this is for you, and this is for you, and this is for you, oh man, oh man, oh man, oh man, this is a different fraud going on, get oh man, this is a different fraud going on, get oh man, this is a different fraud going on, get ready, I am ready [Music] get ready ready, I am ready [Music] get ready ready, I am ready [Music] get ready brother, what do you mean, why have you brought brother, what do you mean, why have you brought brother, what do you mean, why have you brought this, I have come to give it to her, with love, with this, I have come to give it to her, with love, with this, I have come to give it to her, with love, with love, I will not give anything else. love, I will not give anything else. love, I will not give anything else. I love you [laughs] I love you [laughs] I love you [laughs] Hey Hey Hey bastard, just say I love you.   Oh no no, bastard, just say I love you.   Oh no no, I will not take it like this.   No no, I will not take it like this.   No no, I will not take it like this.   No no, I I I love you brother-in-law, say it love you brother-in-law, say it love you brother-in-law, say it wrong, right? wrong, right? wrong, right? Hey brother-in-law, you can tell me, right? Hey brother-in-law, you can tell me, right? Hey brother-in-law, you can tell me, right? Ok, good.  Take it brother-in-law.   By Ok, good.  Take it brother-in-law.   By Ok, good.  Take it brother-in-law.   By saying I love you.   By saying I love you.   By saying I love you.   By saying I love you [laughs]. saying I love you [laughs]. saying I love you [laughs]. Say.  Is she your sister? Say.  Is she your sister? Say.  Is she your sister? Yes, she stays with me [sound of clearing throat]. Yes, she stays with me [sound of clearing throat]. Yes, she stays with me [sound of clearing throat]. I mean she is a friend, a sister, you can consider her as I mean she is a friend, a sister, you can consider her as I mean she is a friend, a sister, you can consider her as everything.   She everything.   She everything.   She lives with me. lives with me. lives with me. So brother, we will also take his sister's So brother, we will also take his sister's So brother, we will also take his sister's reaction. reaction. reaction. Yes yes Yes yes Yes yes video reaction. But we tell him I love you [Laughter] straight away Raja ji guys ever since Raja ji guys ever since Raja ji guys ever since Bhabhi came my pants are getting stuck Bhabhi came my pants are getting stuck Bhabhi came my pants are getting stuck from below I don't know what has happened from below I don't know what has happened from below I don't know what has happened what is this what is this what is this yes it seems something is going to happen yes ever since she came my yes it seems something is going to happen yes ever since she came my yes it seems something is going to happen yes ever since she came my pants were not slipping pants were not slipping pants were not slipping Bhabhi like this Bhabhi like this now he has started keeping it like this Bhabhi like this Bhabhi like this now he has started keeping it like this Bhabhi like this Bhabhi like this now he has started keeping it like this so guys Bhabhi is asking about him. so guys Bhabhi is asking about him. so guys Bhabhi is asking about him. She is not a dancer, sister-in-law.   Please She is not a dancer, sister-in-law.   Please She is not a dancer, sister-in-law.   Please fix my YouTube channel. fix my YouTube channel. fix my YouTube channel. Tell me who is this? Tell me who is this? Tell me who is this? This is our stuff.  Ok.   You are a This is our stuff.  Ok.   You are a This is our stuff.  Ok.   You are a big bastard, son. big bastard, son. big bastard, son. Okay, Okay, Okay, now we will take their reaction.  Reaction now we will take their reaction.  Reaction now we will take their reaction.  Reaction reaction reaction [MUSIC]. A. In limits.   All of them.   I will A. In limits.   All of them.   I will not be in any trouble at all. not be in any trouble at all. not be in any trouble at all. I will also give.  One time reaction.  You bastard I will also give.  One time reaction.  You bastard I will also give.  One time reaction.  You bastard now I will take a reaction once. now I will take a reaction once. now I will take a reaction once. Well, there is Well, there is Well, there is no fun in giving as there is in receiving [laughs] no fun in giving as there is in receiving [laughs] no fun in giving as there is in receiving [laughs] Bhabhi, you tell me. Bhabhi, you tell me. Bhabhi, you tell me. Brother, stop it, friend, stop it. Brother, stop it, friend, stop it. Brother, stop it, friend, stop it. So guys, we met Bhabhi around So guys, we met Bhabhi around So guys, we met Bhabhi around January 3rd, 2026, 2024, we met her on January 3rd, 2026, 2024, we met her on January 3rd, 2026, 2024, we met her on January 8th.  Ok?  I had met him before.  So January 8th.  Ok?  I had met him before.  So January 8th.  Ok?  I had met him before.  So sister-in-law was feeling very shy.  Ok.  So sister-in-law was feeling very shy.  Ok.  So sister-in-law was feeling very shy.  Ok.  So sister-in-law always gets upset.  Sister-in-law had a habit of laughing. sister-in-law always gets upset.  Sister-in-law had a habit of laughing. So she became a little fatter than before.  Got dirty. So she became a little fatter than before.  Got dirty. So she became a little fatter than before.  Got dirty. [laughs] Oh mom, it's not like that, guys, [laughs] Oh mom, it's not like that, guys, [laughs] Oh mom, it's not like that, guys, I have thyroid, still I follow a strict I have thyroid, still I follow a strict I have thyroid, still I follow a strict diet, I eat diet, I eat diet, I eat something good, it does something good, it does something good, it does n't increase fat in the body, n't increase fat in the body, n't increase fat in the body, so I so I so I would like to tell you that you might not be able to get Bhaiya's tonic, would like to tell you that you might not be able to get Bhaiya's tonic, would like to tell you that you might not be able to get Bhaiya's tonic, so friends, please put it away, so friends, please put it away, so friends, please put it away, understood So tell me one thing Bhabhi, I have a question for you, okay, So tell me one thing Bhabhi, I have a question for you, okay, So tell me one thing Bhabhi, I have a question for you, okay, do you want to go to the moon, no, no, I don't want to go, do you want to go to the moon, no, no, I don't want to go, do you want to go to the moon, no, no, I don't want to go, you are fond of going, never, not at all, not at all, not you are fond of going, never, not at all, not at all, not sure, sure, sure, yes, you are fond of going to the moon? yes, you are fond of going to the moon? yes, you are fond of going to the moon? No. No. No. No. No. No. Hey, just tell me.  Yes, I like to go. Hey, just tell me.  Yes, I like to go. Hey, just tell me.  Yes, I like to go. Why should I say it? Why should I say it? Why should I say it? We are two friends.  I thought brother, let's make both of them We are two friends.  I thought brother, let's make both of them We are two friends.  I thought brother, let's make both of them sit in the rocket.   It's a rocket.  Look, there's a rocket back and forth. rocket.  Look, there's a rocket back and forth. rocket.  Look, there's a rocket back and forth. Do you like playing with rockets?  [laughter] Do you like playing with rockets?  [laughter] Do you like playing with rockets?  [laughter] This one's turkey. This one's turkey. This one's turkey. Come on brother.   Don't Come on brother.   Don't Come on brother.   Don't play at all. play at all. play at all. what did you say?  what did you say? what did you say?  what did you say? what did you say?  what did you say? We never played with fake toys.   Only when We never played with fake toys.   Only when We never played with fake toys.   Only when we we we play will you know play will you know play will you know how to become a mother.   I will become how to become a mother.   I will become how to become a mother.   I will become Lara Lara Lara whenever I have to.   If I become one then there will be whenever I have to.   If I become one then there will be no need for the previous one. no need for the previous one. no need for the previous one. I know brother, I will have to work hard.   No I know brother, I will have to work hard.   No I know brother, I will have to work hard.   No problem, I will do it. problem, I will do it. problem, I will do it. Whoever wants to do it will do it.  Why would you Whoever wants to do it will do it.  Why would you Whoever wants to do it will do it.  Why would you do that? do that? do that? Brother, because I am your future husband, that is why I will do it. Brother, because I am your future husband, that is why I will do it. [Music] I'll [Music] I'll [Music] I'll make everyone my husband on the road. make everyone my husband on the road. make everyone my husband on the road. Look, the one Look, the one Look, the one above us above us above us creates our pair by writing it.  Ok?  I have already creates our pair by writing it.  Ok?  I have already creates our pair by writing it.  Ok?  I have already written our pair.  Do you know how? written our pair.  Do you know how? God knows one thing, God knows one thing, God knows one thing, he came to Lucknow for three-four days.  Ok?   I he came to Lucknow for three-four days.  Ok?   I he came to Lucknow for three-four days.  Ok?   I mean, I have met him only for three days.  So mean, I have met him only for three days.  So mean, I have met him only for three days.  So tell me friend, they are a couple, there must be tell me friend, they are a couple, there must be tell me friend, they are a couple, there must be something special.   there must be something special.   there must be something special.   there must be something. something. something. I am meeting him every day.   I I am meeting him every day.   I I am meeting him every day.   I get its get its get its reaction every day in my brother's blog every three days.  So reaction every day in my brother's blog every three days.  So reaction every day in my brother's blog every three days.  So stop like this stop like this stop like this I am a very tough guy but friend I am a very tough guy but friend I am a very tough guy but friend I melted here [music] I melted here [music] I melted here [music] to me you are lovely guys there is a cycle here they want to cycle the cycle they want to cycle it guys there is a cycle here they want to cycle the cycle they want to cycle it so ride my cycle so ride my cycle so ride my cycle put gears in it okay you know I will be put gears in it okay you know I will be put gears in it okay you know I will be completely successful in just one gear it is I am completely successful in just one gear it is I am completely successful in just one gear it is I am [laughs] happy with this shut up. [laughs] happy with this shut up. [laughs] happy with this shut up. Guys she is speaking English.  I love you. Guys she is speaking English.  I love you. Guys she is speaking English.  I love you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I kiss you.  I don't like you. I kiss you.  I don't like you. I kiss you.  I don't like you. Your lips [laughs] are as red as a rose. Your lips [laughs] are as red as a rose. So guys, both of them are saying this to praise us.  Should I So guys, both of them are saying this to praise us.  Should I So guys, both of them are saying this to praise us.  Should I praise you too?   No no, praise you too?   No no, praise you too?   No no, I did not say that. I did not say that. I did not say that. Brother, should I praise you? Brother, should I praise you? Brother, should I praise you? No.   Okay, No.   Okay, No.   Okay, fine.  I will praise you.  wait.   Yes, please do it. fine.  I will praise you.  wait.   Yes, please do it. fine.  I will praise you.  wait.   Yes, please do it. Sing a song, sing a song for us too. Sing a song, sing a song for us too. Sing a song, sing a song for us too. Before singing the song, other guys praise each other. Before singing the song, other guys praise each other. Oh my God, your body [laughs] friend, what a compliment friend [laughs] friend, I praised you, sorry Bhabhi, sorry, sorry, it's just a joke, should I sorry Bhabhi, sorry, sorry, it's just a joke, should I sorry Bhabhi, sorry, sorry, it's just a joke, should I sing a song for you, the one you were sing a song for you, the one you were sing a song for you, the one you were singing right now, singing right now, singing right now, Ae Gori, hum Mithila mein Atoot to Ghuman shehar Ae Gori, hum Mithila mein Atoot to Ghuman shehar Ae Gori, hum Mithila mein Atoot to Ghuman shehar Sajila mein Bhaji ke bahiya chhod tora humra se Sajila mein Bhaji ke bahiya chhod tora humra se nahi na mila, sing the song Je humra se pregnant Bhajo se, brother, I want to sing a song for both of them, we are number one, both of us are stupefied, come on, thank you, we have a charm, friend, if you got hurt, press it harder, press it harder, it hurts more than it should, friend, it's nahi na mila, sing the song Je humra se pregnant Bhajo se, brother, I want to sing a song for both of them, we are number one, both of us are stupefied, come on, thank you, we have a charm, friend, if you got hurt, press it harder, press it harder, it hurts more than it should, friend, it's paining friend paining friend paining friend [laughs] on love, guys, love, guys, love, guys, Bhabhi has got another sister. Bhabhi has got another sister. Bhabhi has got another sister. Sorry sorry sorry sorry, there was a Sorry sorry sorry sorry, there was a Sorry sorry sorry sorry, there was a problem.   I don't have a problem.   I don't have a problem.   I don't have a sister. sister. sister. Hey, no, no, Hey, no, no, Hey, no, no, I thought she was beautiful.  Thank you. I thought she was beautiful.  Thank you. I thought she was beautiful.  Thank you. So guys, it was raining here.  Ok. So guys, it was raining here.  Ok. So guys, it was raining here.  Ok. Rain water was coming.  Bhabhi is saying, Rain water was coming.  Bhabhi is saying, Rain water was coming.  Bhabhi is saying, I told Bhabhi, Bhabhi, don't come.  Your I told Bhabhi, Bhabhi, don't come.  Your I told Bhabhi, Bhabhi, don't come.  Your makeup will wash off. makeup will wash off. makeup will wash off. So you are saying that I just apply lipstick. So you are saying that I just apply lipstick. So you are saying that I just apply lipstick. Yes.  So brother, you know you have come to your brother-in-law. Yes.  So brother, you know you have come to your brother-in-law. Yes.  So brother, you know you have come to your brother-in-law. So if possible, your lipstick will also be erased. So if possible, your lipstick will also be erased. So if possible, your lipstick will also be erased. Okay, Okay, Okay, yes, do you yes, do you yes, do you understand?   Do you know?  Thank you brother.  But friend, you know?  Thank you brother.  But friend, you know?  Thank you brother.  But friend, you take your girlfriend out. take your girlfriend out. take your girlfriend out. I didn't like it, friend.  [laughter] Come on, brother. I didn't like it, friend.  [laughter] Come on, brother. I didn't like it, friend.  [laughter] Come on, brother. Yes I am Guddu Blog. Yes I am Guddu Blog. Yes I am Guddu Blog. Yes brother.   That's why I am Yes brother.   That's why I am Yes brother.   That's why I am stopping. stopping. stopping. So brother, sister-in-law's lipstick will fade away in a short time. So brother, sister-in-law's lipstick will fade away in a short time. So brother, sister-in-law's lipstick will fade away in a short time. Baji ho Baji ho Baji ho keli baap re baap re baap re arre dada re [Music] baap re baap re bhaiya sahab the way her waist swayed listen listen baap re baap re bhaiya sahab the way her waist swayed listen listen baap re baap re bhaiya sahab the way her waist swayed listen listen listen [Laughter] just listen [Laughter] just listen [Laughter] just look at yourselves one second her waist swayed looks look at yourselves one second her waist swayed looks look at yourselves one second her waist swayed looks awesome come on come on come on come on awesome come on come on come on come on but sit comfortably it is okay but sit comfortably it is okay but sit comfortably it is okay maybe the dholli will be seen then which maybe the dholli will be seen then which maybe the dholli will be seen then which song is this?  Dhori wala hai, song is this?  Dhori wala hai, song is this?  Dhori wala hai, we will become it.  You become my sister-in-law.  I am we will become it.  You become my sister-in-law.  I am we will become it.  You become my sister-in-law.  I am not listening to you brother-in-law.  She is ignoring it. not listening to you brother-in-law.  She is ignoring it. not listening to you brother-in-law.  She is ignoring it. Now she is slowly ignoring it.  No problem.  She Now she is slowly ignoring it.  No problem.  She Now she is slowly ignoring it.  No problem.  She is my sister-in-law.  Oh Bhabhi [laughs] she is is my sister-in-law.  Oh Bhabhi [laughs] she is is my sister-in-law.  Oh Bhabhi [laughs] she is my Bhabhi, isn't she brother?  Let me ignore it. my Bhabhi, isn't she brother?  Let me ignore it. my Bhabhi, isn't she brother?  Let me ignore it. All the brothers who are Aai's daughters, ignore them and All the brothers who are Aai's daughters, ignore them and All the brothers who are Aai's daughters, ignore them and spit on them. So guys, just dance and say sorry sorry So guys, just dance and say sorry sorry So guys, just dance and say sorry sorry once, slow down your dance steps, slowly. once, slow down your dance steps, slowly. once, slow down your dance steps, slowly. Sorry [laughs] sorry since Sorry [laughs] sorry since Sorry [laughs] sorry since then brother I mean it was shaking in the body then brother I mean it was shaking in the body then brother I mean it was shaking in the body shut up shut up shut up hey friend listen if you ask me what was hey friend listen if you ask me what was hey friend listen if you ask me what was your t-shirt shaking look the t-shirt is your t-shirt shaking look the t-shirt is peeling off [music] how will he say show me show me the peeling off [music] how will he say show me show me the peeling off [music] how will he say show me show me the video ok show me the video ok show me the video ok show me the video show me video show me video show me who is this dhala who is this dhala who is this dhala so brother both of them are shooting ok so brother both of them are shooting ok so brother both of them are shooting ok this girl is ignoring me.  Ok. this girl is ignoring me.  Ok. this girl is ignoring me.  Ok. Never mind.  I have a sister-in-law. [Music] I'll manage [Music] I'll manage [Music] I'll manage with Bhabhi, brother. with Bhabhi, brother. with Bhabhi, brother. No, sister-in- No, sister-in- No, sister-in- law also has a friend, you can check with her also.   Look, law also has a friend, you can check with her also.   Look, law also has a friend, you can check with her also.   Look, she was hugging just now.  Come on brother.  [laughs] she was hugging just now.  Come on brother.  [laughs] she was hugging just now.  Come on brother.  [laughs] [ __ ], man. [ __ ], man. [ __ ], man. Let me bring water.   There is Let me bring water.   There is Let me bring water.   There is no water, friend. no water, friend. no water, friend. I am bringing it. I am bringing it. I am bringing it. Take it quickly, quickly.   Take me Take it quickly, quickly.   Take me Take it quickly, quickly.   Take me sitting in it.  In the pump. sitting in it.  In the pump. sitting in it.  In the pump. No, it is grass, it is grass No, it is grass, it is grass No, it is grass, it is grass brother, it is a joke, come on brother, it is a joke, come on brother, it is a joke, come on brother, come on, sorry, sorry, you want to brother, come on, sorry, sorry, you want to brother, come on, sorry, sorry, you want to drink water, I will bring it for you, wait, if you want to drink water then come, I will drink water, I will bring it for you, wait, if you want to drink water then come, I will drink water, I will bring it for you, wait, if you want to drink water then come, I will pee next to you pee next to you [laughs] no, it should not be so dirty, it should not be deleted, it should not happen, nothing, I am his friend brother, it is okay, I have become his friend in Lucknow, today slowly it is enough today only [laughs] [laughs] no, it should not be so dirty, it should not be deleted, it should not happen, nothing, I am his friend brother, it is okay, I have become his friend in Lucknow, today slowly it is enough today only [laughs] [laughs] no, it should not be so dirty, it should not be deleted, it should not happen, nothing, I am his friend brother, it is okay, I have become his friend in Lucknow, today slowly it is enough today only [laughs] tomorrow, then tomorrow everything will be over, tomorrow, then tomorrow everything will be over, tomorrow, then tomorrow everything will be over, brother, today today we are leaving brother, we are leaving forever brother, today today we are leaving brother, we are leaving forever brother, today today we are leaving brother, we are leaving forever brother. brother. brother. No brother, don't go forever.  Take them away.   We will No brother, don't go forever.  Take them away.   We will No brother, don't go forever.  Take them away.   We will not take them with us.  I can't take you with me.   Okay, not take them with us.  I can't take you with me.   Okay, I will go. I will go. I will go. But I will take this also. But I will take this also. But I will take this also. You seem like a nice guy, friend. You seem like a nice guy, friend. You seem like a nice guy, friend. Oh, run away Oh, run away Oh, run away [laughs] I liked [laughs] I liked [laughs] I liked this too.  Shake hands.   I this too.  Shake hands.   I this too.  Shake hands.   I will mix it up.   You are will mix it up.   You are will mix it up.   You are betraying me. A hello A hello A hello you hello.   Do you you hello.   Do you you hello.   Do you know what if I kill you?  You will become straight Gabin.  I will tell you. know what if I kill you?  You will become straight Gabin.  I will tell you. I will say this again and again [laughter].  So never hit I will say this again and again [laughter].  So never hit I will say this again and again [laughter].  So never hit me.  Ok. me.  Ok. me.  Ok. Show me how you hit me the way I did.  Hit yeah one Show me how you hit me the way I did.  Hit yeah one Show me how you hit me the way I did.  Hit yeah one second second explain to your friend, bro, she's killing me. explain to your friend, bro, she's killing me. Okay [laughs] Okay [laughs] Okay [laughs] So guys, I'm thirsty.  Ok.  I So guys, I'm thirsty.  Ok.  I So guys, I'm thirsty.  Ok.  I want Bhabhi to give me want Bhabhi to give me want Bhabhi to give me water to drink with your lips.  Yes.   No no, I didn't say this, I was going to say this water to drink with your lips.  Yes.   No no, I didn't say this, I was going to say this brother. brother. brother. Pya Dil Mera [Music] Pya Dil Mera [Music] Pya Dil Mera [Music] Bhabhi, I want to Bhabhi, I want to Bhabhi, I want to drink this [laughs] No No No brother, you get a bottle there for ₹300, sorry it brother, you get a bottle there for ₹300, sorry it brother, you get a bottle there for ₹300, sorry it slipped out of my mouth [laughs] I slipped out of my mouth [laughs] I slipped out of my mouth [laughs] I mean, let me mean, let me mean, let me tell you one thing for ₹20, let's tell you one thing for ₹20, let's tell you one thing for ₹20, let's go and eat biryani, we will eat go and eat biryani, we will eat go and eat biryani, we will eat biryani for ₹370, biryani for ₹370, biryani for ₹370, okay, will you eat it or okay, will you eat it or okay, will you eat it or not, I will eat it, I will pay for it. not, I will eat it, I will pay for it. not, I will eat it, I will pay for it. You will drop me home.   It cost You will drop me home.   It cost You will drop me home.   It cost ₹70 but I will recover it. Hey Hey Hey brother, this happens, I am joking.  Ok. brother, this happens, I am joking.  Ok. brother, this happens, I am joking.  Ok. This is my friend.  You are joking.  Sorry This is my friend.  You are joking.  Sorry This is my friend.  You are joking.  Sorry friend. friend. friend. How did you say it?  How? How did you say it?  How? How did you say it?  How? It's okay friend. It's okay friend. It's okay friend. Sister-in-law, where are you feeling pain?   I have a Sister-in-law, where are you feeling pain?   I have a Sister-in-law, where are you feeling pain?   I have a headache.   Should I headache.   Should I headache.   Should I massage your head?   Yes massage your head?   Yes massage your head?   Yes definitely.  No brother, definitely.  No brother, definitely.  No brother, this is Amma, you just choked me, you just choked me, you just choked me, why did you choke me brother, she why did you choke me brother, she why did you choke me brother, she said choke me, said choke me, said choke me, then choke me, I will make a sound, hey then choke me, I will make a sound, hey then choke me, I will make a sound, hey why did you do it brother why did you do it brother why did you do it brother ch [ ch [ ch [ laughter] I liked this fear. I liked this fear. I liked this fear. Why do you abuse me, brother?  Sorry, my ass got torn. Why do you abuse me, brother?  Sorry, my ass got torn. Why do you abuse me, brother?  Sorry, my ass got torn. It's already torn, brother. It's already torn, brother. It's already torn, brother. Guys, there's a swing here.  Ok.  Sister-in-law, come and Guys, there's a swing here.  Ok.  Sister-in-law, come and Guys, there's a swing here.  Ok.  Sister-in-law, come and sit.  So guys, Bhabhi is very overweight.  How much do sit.  So guys, Bhabhi is very overweight.  How much do sit.  So guys, Bhabhi is very overweight.  How much do you weigh? you weigh? you weigh? Why should I tell?   Come. Why should I tell?   Come. Why should I tell?   Come. Come on, come on.   Come on. Come on, come on.   Come on. Come on, come on.   Come on. This is what is fun. This is what is fun. This is what is fun. Hey, I am [laughs] No, hey, I am, I will Hey, I am [laughs] No, hey, I am, I will Hey, I am [laughs] No, hey, I am, I will pick you up. pick you up. pick you up. I am yours very good you get up.   I will pick it up I am yours very good you get up.   I will pick it up I am yours very good you get up.   I will pick it up slowly, you will enjoy it. slowly, you will enjoy it. slowly, you will enjoy it. You get up, get up from above.   I will You get up, get up from above.   I will You get up, get up from above.   I will enjoy it. enjoy it. enjoy it. You get up and move away. You get up and move away. You get up and move away. Now I will do it.  Get up, get up, sit down Now I will do it.  Get up, get up, sit down Now I will do it.  Get up, get up, sit down [laughter].   Sit, sit. [laughter].   Sit, sit. I will not sit on the swing. I will not sit on the swing. I will not sit on the swing. Hey, sit down, sit down. Hey, sit down, sit down. Hey, sit down, sit down. Brother please. Brother please. Brother please. No, you will get hurt.  I will get No, you will get hurt.  I will get No, you will get hurt.  I will get hurt. hurt. hurt. I am here. I am here. I am here. My clothes will get dirty. My clothes will get dirty. My clothes will get dirty. Sit comfortably and you will enjoy it. Sit comfortably and you will enjoy it. Sit comfortably and you will enjoy it. No problem.  Is sister-in-law mine or yours?  Be No problem.  Is sister-in-law mine or yours?  Be No problem.  Is sister-in-law mine or yours?  Be quiet. quiet. quiet. Read. Read. Read. No.  brother sit sit No.  brother sit sit No.  brother sit sit sit [laughter] nothing will happen sit [laughter] nothing will happen sit [laughter] nothing will happen look I am look I am look I am not wearing it not wearing it not wearing it you sit come on you sit come on you sit come on I will not wear these I will not wear these I will not wear these sit sit do sit sit do n't come and sit [laughter] n't come and sit [laughter] n't come and sit [laughter] not with them she is the one who started misbehaving not with them she is the one who started misbehaving not with them she is the one who started misbehaving so brother the so brother the so brother the girl is starting to misbehave girl is starting to misbehave girl is starting to misbehave and let's do this with love [laughter] and let's do this with love [laughter] and let's do this with love [laughter] let's do it with love let's do it with love we will call out let's do it with love we will call out let's do it with love we will call out brother don't get too excited come do it do it brother don't get too excited come do it do it mine will burst [laughter] everyone is bad man everyone is bad man everyone is bad man god god god so brother Sunny bhai got hurt he got dizzy so brother Sunny bhai got hurt he got dizzy so brother Sunny bhai got hurt he got dizzy look brother Sunny bhai what happened who did he look brother Sunny bhai what happened who did he look brother Sunny bhai what happened who did he fainted fainted fainted [laughter] don't act stupid okay [laughter] don't act stupid okay [laughter] don't act stupid okay who did it who did it who did it who did it who did it who did it brother Sunny bhai got hurt friend who did it a brother Sunny bhai got hurt friend who did it a brother Sunny bhai got hurt friend who did it a lot lot lot brother brother brother who did it brother who did it brother who did it brother brother tell me tell me who did it I am brother tell me tell me who did it I am brother tell me tell me who did it I am saying did he saying did he saying did he break the game tell me who did it break the game tell me who did it break the game tell me who did it [laughter] I did [laughter] I did [laughter] I did not do it I not do it I not do it I made a video made a video made a video who did it tell me who did it tell me who did it tell me break the bastard break the bastard break the bastard brother look he hit him a lot okay look he brother look he hit him a lot okay look he brother look he hit him a lot okay look he hit Sunny bhai a lot friend who hit him who hit hit Sunny bhai a lot friend who hit him who hit you tell me friend you tell me you tell me friend you tell me so guys here  Aunty fell down, I do so guys here  Aunty fell down, I do so guys here  Aunty fell down, I do n't know where she is crying, she was laughing, n't know where she is crying, she was laughing, n't know where she is crying, she was laughing, you were laughing [laughs] I was going to swing me. swing me. swing me. Bhabhi, it is not your turn. Bhabhi, it is not your turn. Bhabhi, it is not your turn. If you do this to me, I am telling you, I will If you do this to me, I am telling you, I will If you do this to me, I am telling you, I will beat you very badly. I will catch you all and beat you very badly. I will catch you all and beat you very badly. I will catch you all and bite you. bite you. bite you. Hey [screaming] Hey [screaming] Hey [screaming] So, bro, we just came to the bathroom.  Ok So, bro, we just came to the bathroom.  Ok So, bro, we just came to the bathroom.  Ok ?  Grandma had fallen at that time.  Understood?  We went ?  Grandma had fallen at that time.  Understood?  We went ?  Grandma had fallen at that time.  Understood?  We went first to pick up the confusion.  Is she laughing first to pick up the confusion.  Is she laughing first to pick up the confusion.  Is she laughing or crying?  When I found out that she was or crying?  When I found out that she was or crying?  When I found out that she was laughing, then the video started [laughter] meaning one eye was closed like that.  Ok.   The meaning one eye was closed like that.  Ok.   The meaning one eye was closed like that.  Ok.   The mouth was out. mouth was out. mouth was out. Everyone thought she was crying.  What Everyone thought she was crying.  What Everyone thought she was crying.  What happened to the eye?   She is happened to the eye?   She is happened to the eye?   She is laughing and crying.  I can't figure it out. laughing and crying.  I can't figure it out. laughing and crying.  I can't figure it out. Come on, Guys. Come on, Guys. Come on, Guys. We just finished hugging and peeing.  There is urine in it. We just finished hugging and peeing.  There is urine in it. We just finished hugging and peeing.  There is urine in it. Ok.  [laughs] Ok.  [laughs] Ok.  [laughs] So guys, Bhabhi just called me crazy. So guys, Bhabhi just called me crazy. So guys, Bhabhi just called me crazy. Corrected.  Do you know what?  I have gone crazy, crazy since then Corrected.  Do you know what?  I have gone crazy, crazy since then Corrected.  Do you know what?  I have gone crazy, crazy since then I am in your love I am in your love I am in your love No no no no No no no no No no no no Holi happened brother Holi happened brother Holi happened brother Holi so brother Bhabhi how did you like Holi so brother Bhabhi how did you like Holi so brother Bhabhi how did you like Holi I don't like Holi I do I don't like Holi I do I don't like Holi I do n't like Holi with this brother in law I do n't like Holi with this brother in law I do n't like Holi with this brother in law I do n't like playing Holi with anyone I do n't like playing Holi with anyone I do n't like playing Holi with anyone I do n't like Holi n't like Holi n't like Holi hey I will apply colours to you you hey I will apply colours to you you hey I will apply colours to you you colour me colour me shut up you dog I have shut up you dog I have shut up you dog I have met Babuji here in the guys park. met Babuji here in the guys park. met Babuji here in the guys park. Okay Babuji, please get our number impressed Okay Babuji, please get our number impressed Okay Babuji, please get our number impressed Babuji, go Babuji, go Babuji, go brother, she has almost been impressed in three days, brother, she has almost been impressed in three days, brother, she has almost been impressed in three days, almost 70% impressed, the remaining 30% of which is left brother, you will go to almost 70% impressed, the remaining 30% of which is left brother, you will go to almost 70% impressed, the remaining 30% of which is left brother, you will go to someone else someone else someone else tomorrow, go, you will go tomorrow, right? Yes, tomorrow, go, you will go tomorrow, right? Yes, I am going right now, I am going right now, I am going right now, you will go today, that 70% is over, that was you will go today, that 70% is over, that was you will go today, that 70% is over, that was 70%, don't know 70%, don't know 70%, don't know how to express your love to her brother, songs [music], I know how to express your love to her brother, songs [music], I know how to express your love to her brother, songs [music], I know how to sing, it was how to sing, it was how to sing, it was from your side, right? So I am telling you from your side, from from your side, right? So I am telling you from your side, from from your side, right? So I am telling you from your side, from my side my side my side you go to this girl [laughs] you go to this girl [laughs] you go to this girl [laughs] okay okay okay, I am making a vlog.  Who cares for his own interests I am making a vlog.  Who cares for his own interests I am making a vlog.  Who cares for his own interests ? ? ? I am hitting the blog.   With this I am hitting the blog.   With this I am hitting the blog.   With this look look look in your eyes, in your eyes, in your eyes, I want to go to my home. I want to go to my home. I want to go to my home. So finally guys, we have come back after shooting the video So finally guys, we have come back after shooting the video So finally guys, we have come back after shooting the video and now it is about to be 10:00. and now it is about to be 10:00. and now it is about to be 10:00. Ok?  And I am leaving for Delhi. Ok?  And I am leaving for Delhi. Ok?  And I am leaving for Delhi. Ok?  Although we are in Sunny Bhai's Ok?  Although we are in Sunny Bhai's Ok?  Although we are in Sunny Bhai's room, look here, room, look here, room, look here, brother Sunny Bhai, brother Sunny Bhai, brother Sunny Bhai, brother I have done as much as I could, we don't have our own house brother I have done as much as I could, we don't have our own house brother I have done as much as I could, we don't have our own house and it is good to cook food. and it is good to cook food. and it is good to cook food. Then someday we will have our own house, then Guddu Bhai will be Then someday we will have our own house, then Guddu Bhai will be Then someday we will have our own house, then Guddu Bhai will be served well. Okay brother, no served well. Okay brother, no served well. Okay brother, no problem, there is no lack in service, no problem, there is no lack in service, no problem, there is no lack in service, no problem brother, brother, everyone lives together like this, problem brother, brother, everyone lives together like this, problem brother, brother, everyone lives together like this, every time I have a different thing [laughs] every time I have a different thing [laughs] every time I have a different thing [laughs] Okay, okay, there was no lack of anything brother, Okay, okay, there was no lack of anything brother, Okay, okay, there was no lack of anything brother, okay okay okay Okay brother, how did you like this blog, please tell me by commenting with love. Okay brother, how did you like this blog, please tell me by commenting with love. Okay brother, how did you like this blog, please tell me by commenting with love. Okay, see you in the next vlog, then Okay, see you in the next vlog, then Okay, see you in the next vlog, then love you, bye, take care.