Dear children, today is 15th August. Dear children, today is 15th August. Dear children, today is 15th August. Our country became independent on this day.  So the national anthem should be started on this occasion. Our country became independent on this day.  So the national anthem should be started on this occasion. Jana Gana Mana Adhinayak Jana Gana Mana Adhinayak Jana Gana Mana Adhinayak Jai Hey Bharat. Hey brother, what happens by offering water? Hey brother, what happens by offering water? Hey brother, what happens by offering water? Hey brother, the more water one offers in the month of Sawan, the Hey brother, the more water one offers in the month of Sawan, the Hey brother, the more water one offers in the month of Sawan, the more beautiful wife Mahadev becomes pleased with him. more beautiful wife Mahadev becomes pleased with him. more beautiful wife Mahadev becomes pleased with him. [Music] I got a glimpse of you, got a glimpse of you, got a glimpse of you, but what happened? but what happened? but what happened? One One One my [music] one my [music] one my [music] one you're in your right mind.  How did you dare to you're in your right mind.  How did you dare to you're in your right mind.  How did you dare to do this? do this? do this? But Baba, what did I do? But Baba, what did I do? But Baba, what did I do? Why did you unfollow me on Instagram Why did you unfollow me on Instagram Why did you unfollow me on Instagram ? ? ? [laughter] I'll block you right now. [laughter] I'll block you right now. [laughter] I'll block you right now. Baba, please look at my horoscope. Baba, please look at my horoscope. Baba, please look at my horoscope. Son, there is a lot of money in your horoscope. Son, there is a lot of money in your horoscope. Son, there is a lot of money in your horoscope. Brother, please remove ₹00 from my horoscope. Brother, please remove ₹00 from my horoscope. Brother, please remove ₹00 from my horoscope. [laughter] That's me, brother.  [Laughter] Brother, the tricolor or money, wait a minute. Brother, the tricolor or money, wait a minute. Brother, the tricolor or money, wait a minute. Look at this money.  This is Jain ji of our country and Look at this money.  This is Jain ji of our country and Look at this money.  This is Jain ji of our country and this is the youth of our country.  How many people have fallen for this is the youth of our country.  How many people have fallen for this is the youth of our country.  How many people have fallen for money.  Look at this. Mummy, Mummy, Mummy, don't call me Mummy.  We are angry with you. don't call me Mummy.  We are angry with you. don't call me Mummy.  We are angry with you. Ok.  Sir, I know your husband is asking for food. Ok.  Sir, I know your husband is asking for food. Ok.  Sir, I know your husband is asking for food. Go and give it to me.  [laughter] I love you. I love you. I love you. But I am 2 years older than you.  It doesn't matter to me. But I am 2 years older than you.  It doesn't matter to me. But my family will not agree.   If But my family will not agree.   If But my family will not agree.   If the love was true, everyone would agree.   Do you the love was true, everyone would agree.   Do you the love was true, everyone would agree.   Do you love me so much?   I love me so much?   I love me so much?   I love you more than my life.   I love you more than my life.   I love you more than my life.   I swear to Allah, brother, I am a boy.  If swear to Allah, brother, I am a boy.  If swear to Allah, brother, I am a boy.  If I were a girl, I would elope and marry you. I were a girl, I would elope and marry you. I were a girl, I would elope and marry you. Stop stop stop stop. Stop stop stop stop. Stop stop stop stop. Wait, be patient. Oh so sweet thank you, I am Oh so sweet thank you, I am watching your welcome, I am giving it in a box to the masters watching your welcome, I am giving it in a box to the masters watching your welcome, I am giving it in a box to the masters and in our hands that too is just a laddu and wait now and wait now and wait now listen, you all know what is there tomorrow listen, you all know what is there tomorrow listen, you all know what is there tomorrow ?  Yes ma'am it is 15th August. ?  Yes ma'am it is 15th August. ?  Yes ma'am it is 15th August. Okay, then come tomorrow all ready and as Okay, then come tomorrow all ready and as Okay, then come tomorrow all ready and as 15th August is celebrated once a year, 15th August is celebrated once a year, 15th August is celebrated once a year, we have decided to we have decided to we have decided to feed you all to your heart's content and also give you some to take home. feed you all to your heart's content and also give you some to take home. Okay ma'am. Okay ma'am. Okay ma'am. But wait a second he's new in the neighborhood, right?  Oh, is she your brother or sister he's new in the neighborhood, right?  Oh, is she your brother or sister he's new in the neighborhood, right?  Oh, is she your brother or sister ?  Not there.  And people like you shouldn't even have it. ?  Not there.  And people like you shouldn't even have it. ?  Not there.  And people like you shouldn't even have it. Hey brother, tomorrow is Rakshabandhan, that's why I was Hey brother, tomorrow is Rakshabandhan, that's why I was Hey brother, tomorrow is Rakshabandhan, that's why I was telling you, my house is next door, come, my telling you, my house is next door, come, my telling you, my house is next door, come, my sister will wait Uncle, if you permit me, then you can become my son-in-law, Uncle, if you permit me, then you can become my son-in-law, depression, depression, depression, hey, he won't become my son-in-law, I want to become him hey, he won't become my son-in-law, I want to become him hey, he won't become my son-in-law, I want to become him ok uncle, if you permit me, then I will become your daughter uncle, if you permit me, then I will become your daughter uncle, if you permit me, then I will become your daughter 's slave, friend, a 's slave, friend, a 's slave, friend, a slave has to become a slave after marriage.   One has to slave has to become a slave after marriage.   One has to slave has to become a slave after marriage.   One has to become a slave.  Right now I want to become a husband. become a slave.  Right now I want to become a husband. become a slave.  Right now I want to become a husband. Husband [laughs] Uncle, if you permit, I will become your daughter Uncle, if you permit, I will become your daughter Uncle, if you permit, I will become your daughter 's husband. You have spoiled everything, I will do it. Son, you are going to office, so please bring your sister from her Son, you are going to office, so please bring your sister from her Son, you are going to office, so please bring your sister from her in-laws' house in the evening.   I will take in-laws' house in the evening.   I will take in-laws' house in the evening.   I will take this also.  I will drop her at her parents' house. this also.  I will drop her at her parents' house. this also.  I will drop her at her parents' house. And if he takes her away, who will do the household work And if he takes her away, who will do the household work And if he takes her away, who will do the household work ? ? ? If I bring my sister here, If I bring my sister here, If I bring my sister here, who will do the work there? who will do the work there? who will do the work there? His breath will do it. His breath will do it. His breath will do it. So it will breathe here too, right? Bye Bye Tata.  Goodbye. Bye Bye Tata.  Goodbye. Bye Bye Tata.  Goodbye. Hey brother, Hey brother, Hey brother, yes, I just yes, I just messaged the girl you used to flirt with in school.  [laughter] messaged the girl you used to flirt with in school.  [laughter] messaged the girl you used to flirt with in school.  [laughter] Hey brother, what happened to 1 minute, 1 minute? Hey brother, what happened to 1 minute, 1 minute? Hey brother, what happened to 1 minute, 1 minute? Look brother, the girl who is destined to get it is the one who gets it. Look brother, the girl who is destined to get it is the one who gets it. Look brother, the girl who is destined to get it is the one who gets it. Hey brother, the Hey brother, the Hey brother, the girl will come and go but only girl will come and go but only girl will come and go but only mom will bring her own girl.  Congratulations But what is this guy doing here?   The climax is yet to come. I'm brother I'm brother I'm brother picked up the leaf.  [laughter] Hello, yes, say that.   Is it Hello, yes, say that.   Is it Hello, yes, say that.   Is it ₹100?   Yes it is. ₹100?   Yes it is. Brother, it's okay. Brother, it's okay. Brother, it's okay. And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come. And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come. And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come. Looks like it's been sent. That's a story too.  Fish is the queen of water. That's a story too.  Fish is the queen of water. That's a story too.  Fish is the queen of water. Life is its water.  Isn't it Life is its water.  Isn't it Life is its water.  Isn't it uninvited to go to his wedding?   There is uninvited to go to his wedding?   There is uninvited to go to his wedding?   There is no seed in peanuts, we are not your grandfather.  He no seed in peanuts, we are not your grandfather.  He no seed in peanuts, we are not your grandfather.  He said, I cannot live said, I cannot live said, I cannot live without you.  Today his two children came and that too without me. without you.  Today his two children came and that too without me. without you.  Today his two children came and that too without me. Brother, give me a plate of tea. Brother, give me a plate of tea. Brother, give me a plate of tea. What is this?  Now you see, now you take it, What is this?  Now you see, now you take it, What is this?  Now you see, now you take it, hey, when should I put it, hey, when should I put it, hey, when should I put it, hey, I told you one plate of tea, so take it, take one hey, I told you one plate of tea, so take it, take one hey, I told you one plate of tea, so take it, take one plate of tea, plate of tea, plate of tea, hey, give me one plate and one tea, both hey, give me one plate and one tea, both hey, give me one plate and one tea, both separately separately separately [laughs] take it, take it [laughs] take it, take it [laughs] take it, take it separately [screaming sound] you bastard, hey, [screaming sound] you bastard, hey, [screaming sound] you bastard, hey, bring a biscuit also, bring a biscuit also, bring a biscuit also, yes I am bringing it, yes I am bringing it, yes I am bringing it, hey [screaming sound] this is breaking.  Give me hey [screaming sound] this is breaking.  Give me hey [screaming sound] this is breaking.  Give me another one. another one. another one. You're gone, son.   I laughed. You're gone, son.   I laughed. And if the government And if the government And if the government allows girls to put their favorite photo on their Aadhaar card, then allows girls to put their favorite photo on their Aadhaar card, then allows girls to put their favorite photo on their Aadhaar card, then girls' Aadhaar cards will look something like this. girls' Aadhaar cards will look something like this. How?  [screaming] What happened to me?   I have What happened to me?   I have What happened to me?   I have not met my wife and children for 20 years. not met my wife and children for 20 years. not met my wife and children for 20 years. Because the marriage did not happen. Because the marriage did not happen. Because the marriage did not happen. America [laughs] America [laughs] America [laughs] Today we would say, what are you? Today we would say, what are you? Today we would say, what are you? Baby, if you truly love me, Baby, if you truly love me, Baby, if you truly love me, you will leave your marriage and you will leave your marriage and you will leave your marriage and come to me.  If you truly love me, you will come to me.  If you truly love me, you will come to me.  If you truly love me, you will leave this marriage and come to me.  If you leave this marriage and come to me.  If you leave this marriage and come to me.  If you really love me then really love me then really love me then you will leave your marriage and come to me. you will leave your marriage and come to me. you will leave your marriage and come to me. Brother, you called all your three girlfriends.  What Brother, you called all your three girlfriends.  What Brother, you called all your three girlfriends.  What if even one of the three doesn't come? if even one of the three doesn't come? if even one of the three doesn't come? Brother called three.  One of the three will Brother called three.  One of the three will Brother called three.  One of the three will come. come. come. Bhai Bhai Bhai le [music] here it is. le [music] here it is. le [music] here it is. Leaving the whole world behind, I came to your bond. Leaving the whole world behind, I came to your bond. Leaving the whole world behind, I came to your bond. Leaving all the bonds. Leaving all the bonds. Leaving all the bonds. I have come to you.   The whole world came and thought, your whole world came and thought, your whole world came and thought, your brother, I wanted to join the gym, how much would the fee be, it is brother, I wanted to join the gym, how much would the fee be, it is brother, I wanted to join the gym, how much would the fee be, it is ₹500 brother, ₹500 brother, ₹500 brother, brother, can two of us do it for ₹500, oh brother, can two of us do it for ₹500, oh brother, can two of us do it for ₹500, oh no brother, you guys will not be able to adjust, no brother, you guys will not be able to adjust, no brother, you guys will not be able to adjust, oh brother, there is no problem, we will do it, we will do it oh brother, there is no problem, we will do it, we will do it I am here brother.  [laughter] Wait a minute Wait a minute Wait a minute my love, look at this, how is it? No, not my love, look at this, how is it? No, not my love, look at this, how is it? No, not good. [screaming sound] And how is this one? And how is this one? And how is this one? How are you picking mangoes?  Will How are you picking mangoes?  Will How are you picking mangoes?  Will you buy vegetables?  [laughter] Okay, and tell me this one. Okay, and tell me this one. Okay, and tell me this one. This is also useless, your ruin. Hey, Hey, Hey, you're gone now, son, you're gone now, look, you're gone now, son, you're gone now, look, you're gone now, son, you're gone now, look, I'm here [laughter] brother, someone has died in the village. someone has died in the village. someone has died in the village. And wait for now. And wait for now. And wait for now. Now I will eat the whole vegetable with great force. Now I will eat the whole vegetable with great force. Now I will eat the whole vegetable with great force. I will eat Puri and Bundi after pressing it.  Have I will eat Puri and Bundi after pressing it.  Have I will eat Puri and Bundi after pressing it.  Have n't met him for a long time. n't met him for a long time. n't met him for a long time. Brother, your father is no more. Hey son, I have come. Hey son, I have come. Hey son, I have come. Hey Aunt, hello.  Hey come on aunty, sit down. Hey Aunt, hello.  Hey come on aunty, sit down. Hey Aunt, hello.  Hey come on aunty, sit down. Come come come quickly.  Aunt, sit down.  Come, come, give me the bag Come come come quickly.  Aunt, sit down.  Come, come, give me the bag Come come come quickly.  Aunt, sit down.  Come, come, give me the bag , give me the bag. , give me the bag. , give me the bag. And wait for now. And wait for now. And wait for now. Sit, sit.   The Sit, sit.   The Sit, sit.   The climax is yet to come. climax is yet to come. climax is yet to come. Aunty, drink white tea. Aunty, drink white tea. Aunty, drink white tea. Look, son, Mother's Day is coming. Look, son, Mother's Day is coming. Look, son, Mother's Day is coming. Yes, Aunt Yes, Aunt Yes, Aunt and Papa's Father's Day comes. and Papa's Father's Day comes. and Papa's Father's Day comes. Yes aunty. Yes aunty. Yes aunty. And see son, your Valentine's Day also And see son, your Valentine's Day also And see son, your Valentine's Day also comes.   Yes, no, Aunty. comes.   Yes, no, Aunty. But see son, no day of our aunts But see son, no day of our aunts But see son, no day of our aunts comes. comes. comes. Hey aunt, who said your day doesn't come? Hey aunt, who said your day doesn't come? Hey aunt, who said your day doesn't come? Your day is coming. Your day is coming. Your day is coming. Which one, son? Which one, son? Which one, son? Nag Panchami is the day of the serpent. Nag Panchami is the day of the serpent. Nag Panchami is the day of the serpent. This guy has started talking too much.  He is This guy has started talking too much.  He is This guy has started talking too much.  He is asking more questions.  One day she will have to asking more questions.  One day she will have to asking more questions.  One day she will have to show her snake form.  He will have to bite. show her snake form.  He will have to bite. show her snake form.  He will have to bite. Is there a stove?  Yes, Is there a stove?  Yes, Is there a stove?  Yes, then bake the roti, you then bake the roti, you then bake the roti, you fool, fool, fool, how did you bake the roti, I do how did you bake the roti, I do how did you bake the roti, I do n't want to take the cylinder, I will get angry n't want to take the cylinder, I will get angry n't want to take the cylinder, I will get angry papa, look this man has again chewed my dupatta, papa, look this man has again chewed my dupatta, every day someone or the other spoils some clothes, every day someone or the other spoils some clothes, every day someone or the other spoils some clothes, oh will you put a cage for these humans or oh will you put a cage for these humans or oh will you put a cage for these humans or not, I am fed up, not, I am fed up, not, I am fed up, just keep watching, today he will not escape, oh this man turned out to be very clever, he lost the oh this man turned out to be very clever, he lost the oh this man turned out to be very clever, he lost the bread without getting caught, bread without getting caught, bread without getting caught, why is 15th August celebrated? why is 15th August celebrated? why is 15th August celebrated? Gandhiji gave birth to Modiji. Gandhiji gave birth to Modiji. Gandhiji gave birth to Modiji. Attention travelers.  There is a gate on the right.   The Attention travelers.  There is a gate on the right.   The Attention travelers.  There is a gate on the right.   The train is two hours late from its scheduled time.   Will train is two hours late from its scheduled time.   Will train is two hours late from its scheduled time.   Will take it down from top.  Your mouth and ears will take it down from top.  Your mouth and ears will take it down from top.  Your mouth and ears will be torn apart.  Without a ticket, they will chase you and beat you on the platform. be torn apart.  Without a ticket, they will chase you and beat you on the platform. Oh my god.   I have Oh my god.   I have Oh my god.   I have applied redness on my lips.  Your sister-in-law is also with me.  Don't applied redness on my lips.  Your sister-in-law is also with me.  Don't applied redness on my lips.  Your sister-in-law is also with me.  Don't push.  The entire car is empty.   Well, I had push.  The entire car is empty.   Well, I had push.  The entire car is empty.   Well, I had left this much behind.   She left this much behind.   She left this much behind.   She will arrive two-three minutes late.  TT will come to check the ticket. will arrive two-three minutes late.  TT will come to check the ticket. will arrive two-three minutes late.  TT will come to check the ticket. 23 12 train will arrive at platform number one. 23 12 train will arrive at platform number one. Injustice was done.   Will Injustice was done.   Will Injustice was done.   Will take it down from top.  The evil eye will be removed from you.   If you move it take it down from top.  The evil eye will be removed from you.   If you move it take it down from top.  The evil eye will be removed from you.   If you move it here and there, she will beat you like a roller. here and there, she will beat you like a roller. here and there, she will beat you like a roller. Our mom and dad knew it. Our mom and dad knew it. Our mom and dad knew it. So sir, I am making a map of your house. So sir, I am making a map of your house. So sir, I am making a map of your house. Yes. Yes. Yes. As there will be entry at the entrance, I am As there will be entry at the entrance, I am As there will be entry at the entrance, I am providing a latrine here.  [laughter] providing a latrine here.  [laughter] providing a latrine here.  [laughter] I'm from the latrine, the kidnapped latrine?  If I'm from the latrine, the kidnapped latrine?  If I'm from the latrine, the kidnapped latrine?  If your guests come from outside, they will freshen up here only. your guests come from outside, they will freshen up here only. your guests come from outside, they will freshen up here only. Yes, that is probably right. Yes, that is probably right. Yes, that is probably right. A room next door. A room next door. A room next door. Ok.  And here I am giving you a Ok.  And here I am giving you a Ok.  And here I am giving you a toilet. toilet. toilet. So you will have a kitchen here. So you will have a kitchen here. So you will have a kitchen here. Yes. Yes. Yes. And there will be a small toilet inside the kitchen. And there will be a small toilet inside the kitchen. And there will be a small toilet inside the kitchen. Build a house and make a toilet. Build a house and make a toilet. Build a house and make a toilet. Like the hall.  TV is also installed. Like the hall.  TV is also installed. Like the hall.  TV is also installed. Some lakhs gap long number short number.  So Some lakhs gap long number short number.  So Some lakhs gap long number short number.  So where is the where is the where is the lighting, I lighting, I lighting, I saw it like this, so sir, your saw it like this, so sir, your saw it like this, so sir, your map is completely ready, map is completely ready, map is completely ready, your signature is required for the agreement, if you do your signature is required for the agreement, if you do your signature is required for the agreement, if you do n't give your signature, I like it very much, I n't give your signature, I like it very much, I n't give your signature, I like it very much, I eat and drink alone, cancel it, oh ignorant eat and drink alone, cancel it, oh ignorant eat and drink alone, cancel it, oh ignorant illiterate, illiterate, illiterate, okay, but I put my thumb impression okay, but I put my thumb impression okay, but I put my thumb impression brother, should I give my earnings to my wife or not, should I not give it, brother, should I give my earnings to my wife or not, should I not give it, brother, because in the old times, brother, because in the old times, brother, because in the old times, elders used to say that if you elders used to say that if you elders used to say that if you give your earnings to your wife, there will be prosperity in the house.  And if you give your give your earnings to your wife, there will be prosperity in the house.  And if you give your give your earnings to your wife, there will be prosperity in the house.  And if you give your earnings to your wife in today's times, earnings to your wife in today's times, earnings to your wife in today's times, parcels will come to your house.  Sometimes parcels will come to your house.  Sometimes parcels will come to your house.  Sometimes from Flipkart, sometimes from Zomato, sometimes from Meesho.  [laughter] When did our country become independent? When did our country become independent? When did our country become independent? Who knows sir, we were not there.  Had gone to her parents' house. Who knows sir, we were not there.  Had gone to her parents' house. Who knows sir, we were not there.  Had gone to her parents' house. Okay Babu, why do we hoist the flag Okay Babu, why do we hoist the flag Okay Babu, why do we hoist the flag ?   To ?   To ?   To eat laddus. eat laddus. eat laddus. Okay Babu, do you recognize him?  What were these? Okay Babu, do you recognize him?  What were these? Okay Babu, do you recognize him?  What were these? Bald. Bald. Bald. Gave them freedom.  [laughter] And wait a minute.  The climax is yet to come. Oh dear, Oh dear, Oh dear, how much is it? It's how much is it? It's how much is it? It's ₹10. ₹10. ₹10. How much is it costing you?   It is How much is it costing you?   It is How much is it costing you?   It is costing me ₹8. costing me ₹8. costing me ₹8. Then why are you selling it for Rs 10? Then why are you selling it for Rs 10? Then why are you selling it for Rs 10? Hey, I will earn ₹2. Hey, I will earn ₹2. Hey, I will earn ₹2. So God has given us hands and legs to earn money. So God has given us hands and legs to earn money. So God has given us hands and legs to earn money. Work, work hard.  Why are you being dishonest about Work, work hard.  Why are you being dishonest about Work, work hard.  Why are you being dishonest about ₹2? ₹2? ₹2? I have opened this shop to earn money and I have opened this shop to earn money and I have opened this shop to earn money and what else am I doing? what else am I doing? what else am I doing? Yes, yes, this is some work, it is Yes, yes, this is some work, it is Yes, yes, this is some work, it is not completely dishonest for ₹2. not completely dishonest for ₹2. not completely dishonest for ₹2. Hey [laughter] brother, what are you looking for?  Get me married. Hey [laughter] brother, what are you looking for?  Get me married. Why should I get you married? Why should I get you married? Why should I get you married? Then why are you asking what do you want? Then why are you asking what do you want? Then why are you asking what do you want? Hey brother, I am asking you Hey brother, I am asking you Hey brother, I am asking you what do you want from the shop?  [laughs] what do you want from the shop?  [laughs] what do you want from the shop?  [laughs] So brother, give me one chip but without any dishonesty for So brother, give me one chip but without any dishonesty for So brother, give me one chip but without any dishonesty for ₹8. ₹8. ₹8. Oh brother, no chips for ₹8.  It is worth ₹10.  If you want to take it, Oh brother, no chips for ₹8.  It is worth ₹10.  If you want to take it, Oh brother, no chips for ₹8.  It is worth ₹10.  If you want to take it, take it, otherwise go away from here.  Don't eat my brain.   Okay, I am take it, otherwise go away from here.  Don't eat my brain.   Okay, I am not bothering you.  Give me the chips.  I will not bothering you.  Give me the chips.  I will not bothering you.  Give me the chips.  I will eat chips. eat chips. eat chips. But I strongly hate those who love dishonestly for ₹1. I strongly hate those who love dishonestly for ₹1. I strongly hate those who love dishonestly for ₹1. Why?  What happened sister?  Is it some Why?  What happened sister?  Is it some Why?  What happened sister?  Is it some old thing? old thing? old thing? Hey sister, will your hair be cut now? Hey sister, will your hair be cut now? Hey sister, will your hair be cut now? Yes, they will be cut.  Sit now for 15-20 minutes.   I Yes, they will be cut.  Sit now for 15-20 minutes.   I Yes, they will be cut.  Sit now for 15-20 minutes.   I will sit, sister, but I will get bored.   Can will sit, sister, but I will get bored.   Can will sit, sister, but I will get bored.   Can I play your sound? I play your sound? I play your sound? Yes, yes, this is definitely something worth asking. Yes, yes, this is definitely something worth asking. Yes, yes, this is definitely something worth asking. And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come, I have no And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come, I have no And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come, I have no doubt [Music] doubt [Music] doubt [Music] Hey, what song did you play? Play a song from our times. The Hey, what song did you play? Play a song from our times. The Hey, what song did you play? Play a song from our times. The wife should match the vibe. Hey friend, wife should match the vibe. Hey friend, wife should match the vibe. Hey friend, sister, you should have told me earlier. I would have played a good song. Here, sister, you should have told me earlier. I would have played a good song. Here, sister, you should have told me earlier. I would have played a good song. Here, listen to this after cutting the hair cutting the hair cutting the hair Brother, Brother, Brother, tell me, do you like the boy? tell me, do you like the boy? tell me, do you like the boy? Look, whatever I say, I will say it openly that I do Look, whatever I say, I will say it openly that I do Look, whatever I say, I will say it openly that I do n't like the boy at all. n't like the boy at all. n't like the boy at all. How can you not like this?  And whoever comes, goes away after How can you not like this?  And whoever comes, goes away after How can you not like this?  And whoever comes, goes away after consuming drugs.  At least you consuming drugs.  At least you consuming drugs.  At least you like it. like it. like it. Hey, if you don't like it then it's not there. Hey, if you don't like it then it's not there. Hey, if you don't like it then it's not there. But why not?  Firstly, it looks But why not?  Firstly, it looks But why not?  Firstly, it looks black.  He is thin from above. black.  He is thin from above. black.  He is thin from above. How will our girl adjust? How will our girl adjust? How will our girl adjust? And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come.   I was And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come.   I was And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come.   I was insulted. insulted. insulted. Wait, be patient. Wait, be patient. Wait, be patient. Wait, we will give the dowry instead. Wait, we will give the dowry instead. Wait, we will give the dowry instead. Wait, be patient. Wait, be patient. Wait, be patient. [Music] If you do n't like it [laughter] then you don't like it brother, you can hit me more, hit me more, brother, you are a brother, you can hit me more, hit me more, brother, you are a brother, you can hit me more, hit me more, brother, you are a lion, a lioness, lion, a lioness, lion, a lioness, you are a Hijra, a Hijri, a you are a Hijra, a Hijri, a you are a Hijra, a Hijri, a Hijra, what are you thinking, [ __ ], it's not right for you to say it, just what are you thinking, [ __ ], it's not right for you to say it, just say it [laughter] say it [laughter] say it [laughter] friend Fatima, my voice is not good, you can play it, friend Fatima, my voice is not good, you can play it, friend Fatima, my voice is not good, you can play it, wait, I am putting it on speaker, wait, I am putting it on speaker, wait, I am putting it on speaker, and wait, the climax is still left, and and wait, the climax is still left, and and wait, the climax is still left, and you are saying this you are saying this you are saying this [laughter] what is this brother, welcome to the program to attract money.  The very first step is to welcome to the program to attract money.  The very first step is to welcome to the program to attract money.  The very first step is to light a candle. light a candle. light a candle. Good. Good. Good. Remember to light the candle with a matchstick. Remember to light the candle with a matchstick. But if you have lit it with a lighter then But if you have lit it with a lighter then But if you have lit it with a lighter then you cannot extinguish it. you cannot extinguish it. you cannot extinguish it. [laughter] Don't relight a candle that's been extinguished. [laughter] Don't relight a candle that's been extinguished. [laughter] Don't relight a candle that's been extinguished. This will have the opposite effect. This will have the opposite effect. This will have the opposite effect. If you have lit the candle and then extinguished it again, If you have lit the candle and then extinguished it again, If you have lit the candle and then extinguished it again, it will have an even worse effect. it will have an even worse effect. it will have an even worse effect. Take another chance.  Light the candle again. Take another chance.  Light the candle again. Take another chance.  Light the candle again. Remember to light the candle with a lighter this time. Remember to light the candle with a lighter this time. Don't blow out the candle and then light it again with a lighter, Don't blow out the candle and then light it again with a lighter, Don't blow out the candle and then light it again with a lighter, or you'll become even poorer. or you'll become even poorer. or you'll become even poorer. If you have blown out the candle again this time, then it If you have blown out the candle again this time, then it If you have blown out the candle again this time, then it proves proves proves that you are not worthy of becoming rich. Hey, if you want to do something big in life, then Hey, if you want to do something big in life, then Hey, if you want to do something big in life, then listen to your heart and your mind, kick away those listen to your heart and your mind, kick away those listen to your heart and your mind, kick away those people who give you advice.  I felt a people who give you advice.  I felt a people who give you advice.  I felt a strong shock.   Getting strong shock.   Getting strong shock.   Getting ready like a groom.  Where are you planning to go ready like a groom.  Where are you planning to go ready like a groom.  Where are you planning to go ?  He will eat food first and then go somewhere. ?  He will eat food first and then go somewhere. ?  He will eat food first and then go somewhere. Listen sister, will you go like a storm or will you Listen sister, will you go like a storm or will you Listen sister, will you go like a storm or will you come like a hurricane? come like a hurricane? come like a hurricane? Good. Good. Good. Coming in 5 minutes now.  We will eat food later.   He Coming in 5 minutes now.  We will eat food later.   He Coming in 5 minutes now.  We will eat food later.   He says it will take 5 minutes and then takes 5 hours.  Wait, let me says it will take 5 minutes and then takes 5 hours.  Wait, let me says it will take 5 minutes and then takes 5 hours.  Wait, let me tell dad now.   If tell dad now.   If tell dad now.   If we say 5 minutes, we come back in 5 minutes. we say 5 minutes, we come back in 5 minutes. we say 5 minutes, we come back in 5 minutes. Like you, I don't spend 10 hours speaking for 10 minutes. Like you, I don't spend 10 hours speaking for 10 minutes. Like you, I don't spend 10 hours speaking for 10 minutes. How is it going to take 10 hours anyway?  There should How is it going to take 10 hours anyway?  There should How is it going to take 10 hours anyway?  There should also be a 10-hour face. also be a 10-hour face. also be a 10-hour face. We are boys, we don't take leave without any reason. We are boys, we don't take leave without any reason. We are boys, we don't take leave without any reason. And how will it take 10 hours?   I do And how will it take 10 hours?   I do And how will it take 10 hours?   I do n't put putty on my face like you. n't put putty on my face like you. n't put putty on my face like you. First of all, it's called a makeup kit, not a putty. First of all, it's called a makeup kit, not a putty. You will always remain an idiot. You will always remain an idiot. You will always remain an idiot. My body scent is more expensive than your makeup kit. My body scent is more expensive than your makeup kit. My body scent is more expensive than your makeup kit. And I have seen my face. And I have seen my face. And I have seen my face. Asian paint for walls is better than you. Asian paint for walls is better than you. Asian paint for walls is better than you. Listen, listen, write down what I am saying Listen, listen, write down what I am saying Listen, listen, write down what I am saying quickly.  Wait a minute.  Yes, just a minute. quickly.  Wait a minute.  Yes, just a minute. quickly.  Wait a minute.  Yes, just a minute. Yes yes, speak, speak, speak. Yes yes, speak, speak, speak. Yes yes, speak, speak, speak. Nine what?  Are there eight Nine what?  Are there eight Nine what?  Are there eight ?  What are you saying?   Wait a minute. ?  What are you saying?   Wait a minute. Four Four Four patience. patience. patience. Five what? Five what? Five what? Okay, Okay, Okay, three to three to three to hi? hi? hi? Hi. Hi. Hi. Okay to 7 to thank you, thank you.   Wait a minute. Okay to 7 to thank you, thank you.   Wait a minute. Thank you so much.  The climax is yet to come.   What are you saying, what are Thank you so much.  The climax is yet to come.   What are you saying, what are Thank you so much.  The climax is yet to come.   What are you saying, what are we we we saying, nine or five?  four saying, nine or five?  four saying, nine or five?  four [laughs] five what good [laughs] five what good [laughs] five what good three to five good to three to five good to three to five good to thank you thank you. thank you thank you. thank you thank you. [laughter] Can [laughter] Can [laughter] Can you even pluck the moon and stars for me you even pluck the moon and stars for me you even pluck the moon and stars for me ? ? ? Hey, I don't know what all I might break for you. Hey, I don't know what all I might break for you. Hey, I don't know what all I might break for you. Hey brother, Hey brother, Hey brother, your husband is so romantic. your husband is so romantic. your husband is so romantic. And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come. And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come. And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come. If you love me, then If you love me, then If you love me, then bring me the moon and stars tonight.   I will not bring me the moon and stars tonight.   I will not bring me the moon and stars tonight.   I will not wait till night for you.  I wait till night for you.  I wait till night for you.  I can still bring the moon and stars. can still bring the moon and stars. can still bring the moon and stars. How is it? Why did you break me? Why did you break me? Why did you break me? You are my silver.  [laughs] You are my silver.  [laughs] You are my silver.  [laughs] So guys, let So guys, let So guys, let me know in the comments which part of this you enjoyed the most. me know in the comments which part of this you enjoyed the most. me know in the comments which part of this you enjoyed the most. And yes, don't forget to like Guy's video And yes, don't forget to like Guy's video And yes, don't forget to like Guy's video and subscribe to Guy's channel.  Hey, please and subscribe to Guy's channel.  Hey, please and subscribe to Guy's channel.  Hey, please comment, comment, comment, you guys please comment, you guys please comment, you guys please comment, I work so hard for you.  Do you I work so hard for you.  Do you I work so hard for you.  Do you even know what time it is now?  It's so late at night even know what time it is now?  It's so late at night even know what time it is now?  It's so late at night I'm shooting for you guys so I'm shooting for you guys so I'm shooting for you guys so I can upload the video.  Please comment, I can upload the video.  Please comment, I can upload the video.  Please comment, friend.  Like it, comment on it and friend.  Like it, comment on it and friend.  Like it, comment on it and a hype option will appear on the side.  Click on that too a hype option will appear on the side.  Click on that too a hype option will appear on the side.  Click on that too and if you haven't subscribed then it's a and if you haven't subscribed then it's a and if you haven't subscribed then it's a must.  Don't must.  Don't must.  Don't forget to subscribe.  Friends, let's meet forget to subscribe.  Friends, let's meet forget to subscribe.  Friends, let's meet in the next video.  Till then, in the next video.  Till then, in the next video.  Till then, bye-bye.