Come on, let me talk to you for a minute, Pintya, hello, hello, hello, Come on, let me talk to you for a minute, Pintya, hello, hello, hello, Come on, let me talk to you for a minute, Pintya, hello, hello, hello, say, hey, friend, I have say, hey, friend, I have say, hey, friend, I have good news for you. Tell me, good news for you. Tell me, good news for you. Tell me, your neighbor has come to me your neighbor has come to me your neighbor has come to me and is ready to run away with you. Yes, and is ready to run away with you. Yes, and is ready to run away with you. Yes, but there is a problem. Just but there is a problem. Just but there is a problem. Just tell me what happened. Can I send the boy? Oh, it's not like that. tell me what happened. Can I send the boy? Oh, it's not like that. tell me what happened. Can I send the boy? Oh, it's not like that. Your sister-in-law is in the house. I ca Your sister-in-law is in the house. I ca Your sister-in-law is in the house. I ca n't come out. You come or I'll judge you. Come n't come out. You come or I'll judge you. Come n't come out. You come or I'll judge you. Come quickly, sister-in-law. You stay here. quickly, sister-in-law. You stay here. quickly, sister-in-law. You stay here. I'll bring him in five minutes. I'll bring him in five minutes. I'll bring him in five minutes. Where are you going? Oh, that's Pintya's job. Where are you going? Oh, that's Pintya's job. Where are you going? Oh, that's Pintya's job. Pintya has come down to judge you. I'll go and see you. Right away, Pintya has come down to judge you. I'll go and see you. Right away, Pintya has come down to judge you. I'll go and see you. Right away, Pintya is waiting for you. Pintya is waiting for you. Pintya is waiting for you. Dad, in the gallery, yes, Dad, in the gallery, yes, Dad, in the gallery, yes, Pintya. Oh, Dad, sister-in-law has found out everything. Pintya. Oh, Dad, sister-in-law has found out everything. Pintya. Oh, Dad, sister-in-law has found out everything.