Hi all, it's me Fas Pony.
Look at the front where it says Ames
real big.
Hi everybody. Wally B26 coming at you
from the Pine Barons here in New Jersey.
And I'm here today to tell you about
this awesome new ebike I got from Apis
Bikes. And I'm going to tell you all the
specs about it and how you can get
yourself one at a discount through this
video. Come along with me and let's
check this bike out and go for a ride.
So this is the Apis M2 Pro. It's one of
Apas' top-of-the-line ebikes. It's a
26-in eBike with seven-speed gears and
an 18,800 W motor capable of speeds of
up to 36 mph. And with the 26-in x 4in
fat tires, this bike is designed for the
trails like the one I'm on here, or for
the street or anywhere in between. It
has the standard soft and cushiony bike
seat on here. It's very comfy. They do
offer an upgraded larger padded seat for
if you want something even more
comfortable. But for what comes with
this bike, this seat is very comfy. And
with full suspension on the front and on
the rear, you'll have a very nice,
comfortable ride no matter where you go.
And as I'd mentioned, this is a
seven-speed bike. It features Shimano
gears and Shimano gear shifter to
upshift and downshift with just the use
of your thumb. It features disc brakes
on both the front wheel and the back
wheel for smooth braking. It features
these fenders on both the front wheel
and the back wheel, and they bolt right
up to the bike itself and the fork, so
if you do go out in wet terrain, you'll
stay a little bit drier. The M2 Pro
comes standard with this metal bike rack
for carrying luggage around. And if you
want to upgrade, like I did, you can
even get yourself this saddle bag, which
bolts directly to the top of the rack,
or you can get carrying baskets where
you can mount one here on the back of
the bike and another right here on the
front of the bike. The 1800 watt motor
is built directly into the rear wheel
which features five levels of pedal
assist which can be controlled through
these pedals here or through the hand
control the throttle right here on the
right handlebar. Power is supplied to
the M2 Pro through this large 48vt 17.5
amp hour rechargeable lithium ion
battery that just clips right into the
bottom of the bike like that. To turn on
the bike, you have this weatherproof
cover over the power switch right here
where you can also plug in the charger
to charge your battery if you don't
remove it from the bike. But if you're
like me, I take the battery inside and
charge it inside the house.
Now, in order to remove the battery,
either for storage or if you wish to
charge it in your home like I do, uh you
do see this little key slot right here.
And the M2 Pro does come with a pair of
keys that you put in here to unlock the
battery. Like that. You just saw it
slide out. And you'll actually see that
there is a lever here that you have to
turn in order to remove the battery.
Now, when you do so, I do recommend you
turn the front wheel because if you
don't, when you remove the battery,
it'll hit off of the fender, and you
don't want that. But when you turn the
the knob here, you'll see it releases
the battery, and you can carefully slide
it out just like that. And to put the
battery back in, you don't need the key
for it. Just start at the bottom and
work your way up and snap it right in.
Now, if you're like me, I prefer to keep
the battery inside of the house when I
put the bike away in our shed. If you're
going to be keeping your bike in an
element that is prone to extreme heat or
humidity, such as a shed or maybe a
garage, it's not wise to keep the
battery in the bike because it can
damage it and it can shorten the battery
life overall. So, you don't want that.
So, what I do is I keep it inside of the
house and I normally keep it at a 50%
charge when I'm not using it because it
helps extend it in the long run. When I
do want to use it though, I will charge
it right before I go out for a ride. And
it takes about maybe 3 hours or so to
charge it depending on how low the
battery is too. The more charge that's
already on it, the less time it'll take.
But once it's ready to go, you can get
up to 85 miles of range on this. Now,
when you have it at pedal assist level
five, it's going to chew up the battery
a heck of a lot faster. I've known this.
I've taken this out for a couple of test
rides. Apis has been very wonderful and
letting me get familiar with this bike
and getting the hang of it because this
is my first ebike. I've never had one
before. And I will say the higher the
pedal assist level, the shorter your
battery life is. But if you are pedaling
and you're at pedal assist level one,
you can definitely reach 85 miles on one
charge. Now, you've seen me turn the
power to the battery on, but to actually
turn the mechanisms on the bike on, you
have this little keypad right here with
a power button right in the center,
which will illuminate this screen here,
which gives you all of your information
and data. Up here, you have your battery
indicator. You can see I have a full
charge. This is your speedometer, which
you can change to kilome/h if you'd
like. This is your pedal assist level
here. It goes through one through five.
And then down here you have your
odometer, which you can also change to a
trip meter and your average uh speed and
amp hours and how much battery life you
have in there as well. But you can also
go by this indicator up here. And it
gives you a lot more options to unlock
other features like the 36 mph speed
limit because this comes standard at 20
mph. Now, to achieve that maximum speed
of 20 miles per hour, if you don't pedal
that fast, you can set the pedal assist
here by hitting this plus button as you
see, which is increasing the number for
the pedal assist level. Now, I'm at
level five, but unlocked like I have it,
I can reach speeds of 36 mph. And if you
go online, Apus has a video to show you
how to unlock that feature. And to lower
it, you just hit this button down here,
the minus sign, or where it has a foot
on it. And you can lower it back down to
one or to zero, which is preferred if
you're going to be walking with the bike
and pushing it. This button here is your
info button. It'll actually change the
things on here like miles an hour, that
sort of thing, your average, and how
many volts your battery has, amps that
you're using, which I'm not using any
right now. And right now, you can see
I've put 63.4 four miles on this bike
since I got it. This button here changes
the brightness level on your screen. You
can see it makes it a little bit dimmer.
It's better for night riding. This does
not control the headlight on the actual
bike. That's what this button does here.
And when we push this button right here,
it'll actually illuminate the headlight
on the front of the bike and the tail
light on the rear of the bike. It does
feature an LED projector light which
illuminates very nicely at night and
really lights up the road and trails.
And the rear LED brake light lets people
behind you know that you're there and
makes you more visible. But that's not
all this light does. If you were
wondering what this button was here in
the center, this is actually your turn
signal indicator. When we slide it over
to the left, it illuminates the left
turn signal right here in the brake
light. You can see it flashing there.
And when we switch it all the way over
to the right, it illuminates the right
turn signal, indicating that you're
making a right turn. And to shut off the
turn signal, just slide this right over
back into the middle, and it'll turn off
your turn signals, but your brake light
will still be illuminated as long as the
headlight is pressed on. Press that once
more to turn it off, and both your
headlight and tail lights are turned
off.
This green button down here is your
horn. And believe me when I tell you,
this little thing is loud.
And the speaker for the horn is actually
built directly into your headlight right
here. The Apus M2 Pro comes with a
little tool kit and tool bag, which you
can keep right in a saddle bag like I
do. And it comes with all the necessary
tools you need to assemble the bike and
if you need to make any adjustments or
repairs. It even came with some extra
parts like some extra lug nuts here. Uh
zip ties for the cables that go
throughout the bike and the wires, the
keys so you can unlock your battery, a
screwdriver to make adjustments on the
gears or the brakes themselves. So
everything you need to keep your bike in
perfect working order is right here in
this tool kit that comes with your M2
Pro. And as I'd mentioned, I upgraded
and got this saddle bag which mounts
right to the rear rack on here. And it
is made out of a very sturdy and thick
canvas material. And the bags on it are
very spacious. You have your large bag
here. You can see my car keys in there.
And you can put all kinds of things in
there. I have drinks and my tripods for
this video in this bag here. And it has
a smaller pouch on each side too for
smaller items or things that you want to
keep extra protected. But this bag is
very durable. It won't rip and it does
clamp shut with these clasps on each
side. And one of the little conveniences
about this saddle bag is it has these
straps on it to keep it from flapping
around in the wind whether you have
anything in here or not. It has Velcro
straps that go around the frame of the
luggage rack itself. And it keeps this
nice and steady and sturdy. And you may
have noticed the cables and wires coming
out of the front of the bike. They are
all twined together here. They do
provide the power for the electronics on
here and the cables for the brakes and
the gear shifters. And they all channel
through here. You can unplug the
electric wires through connectors like
that as they do funnel into the frame of
the bike, go through here where the
battery pack goes. And power is supplied
to the rear motor through the wire right
here that you can unplug as well. And
another nice feature about this bike,
uh, as opposed to most traditional
mountain bikes, the kickstand on here is
further back on here. It's a very sturdy
kickstand, too. And it doesn't get in
the way of your pedals. Most bikes they
get in the way of the pedal when you
back pedal, but the not this one. It's
right out of reach and it flips up real
nice and easy and out of the way. And
when I received this bike, Apus was kind
enough to send me this helmet which is
very sturdy and solid and it's actually
very nice and features this visor on the
front for bright sunny days. And it does
flip down. It just screws right or clips
in to the side of the helmet or screws
in rather. And it does go up and down to
shield your eyes a little bit more. And
I forgot it at home because I always
wear sunglasses. But there is also a
little windshield that is magnetic and
it just clips right onto the front of
the helmet to protect your eyes. Now, it
is tinted, so it's best to use during
the daylight hours because if you use it
at night, you're not going to see very
well. So, I do recommend you wear eye
protection so you don't get the wind or
potentially bugs in your eyes going at
36 miles per hour. But anyway, this is a
wonderful helmet and it is very
adjustable. Soft straps on here. It's
very comfy and it features a little
light right here on the back that has
three mode settings including solid like
that,
hyper flash like that, and then another
little flash that goes up and down. And
then you can shut it off and you can
even turn it too like that. So different
options on there. And it runs on a
little watch battery. And uh it's
another little tiny thing to keep you
safer and more visible to motorists and
other people on the road. So thank you
Apis. This is very nice too. When I
received this bike, it showed up in a
large, and I mean large bicycle box with
a picture of a TV screen on each side to
indicate that this thing is fragile. Now
don't let that fool you. This thing is
very durable and wellb built and it is
also very heavy too. There's nothing
really fragile about it. I mean
obviously you don't want to go and throw
it around because you will damage your
bike and who wants to do that? You want
to enjoy it and ride it, right? I know I
do. But anyway, when I received it, it
showed up through FedEx in a very large
box and it was quite heavy. This bike
alone weighs nearly 100 pounds and even
with the battery removed, it's still
approximately 80 to 85 pounds. So, I do
recommend you have somebody help you
bring the box into your home or garage
or wherever you plan to assemble it. And
that's another thing. Assembly on this
was very easy. Even if you've never
built a bike before or have no
experience with it, there is a detailed
instruction booklet that comes with it
and shows you how to put this together.
And for the most part, majority of the
bike is already assembled. I mainly just
had to put the pedals on the front
wheel, adjust the brakes and the gear a
little bit and twist the handlebars cuz
they have them twisted to fit it into
the box. And it is also very secure when
it's in the box. Get a trash bag ready
because you're going to need it. When
they have this in the box, there is an
overload of packing materials and
insulation to keep it safe and to keep
it from getting damaged in transport,
which I admire and I appreciate because
when I got this, it was flawless. So,
get a trash bag ready because there's a
lot of packing materials you will need
to remove and dispose of properly. But I
admire and I appreciate that Apus goes
the extra step to put that extra packing
material in there to ensure that the
bike arrives in perfect shape like mine
did. So again, assembly is not too hard,
even if you've never done it before and
you don't have tools. You saw the tool
kit that came with the bike. Those are
all the tools you will need to assemble
this bike. And if you need to make any
adjustments to the brakes or the gears,
which every bike you have to do that on
at first and as it breaks in, you have
to adjust accordingly. Everything you
need comes with that little tool kit and
you can either store it right into a
saddle bag if you get one or at home. Uh
but when you're riding, I do recommend
bringing it cuz you never know. But
anyway, now that I showed you all the
specs about this bike and went over the
details about it, let me show you how it
rides and uh enjoy some action here on
the trails here in the Pine Barons.
Come along with me. Let's go for an
ebike ride.
Sunshine
[music] Sunshine
[music] Sunshine.
Sunshine [music]
Sunshine
Sunshine.
Sunshine
side
running
side. [music]
The one thing I've noticed about the M2
is that if you use just the throttle
control on the right handlebar, it
accelerates very, very quickly. And even
when you're pedaling, uh, with the pedal
assist, it activates pretty quickly and
the response is very strong on it. It
accelerates very quickly. And uh if you
have it all the way up to pedal assist
level five, this thing will be going so
fast, you won't even need to pedal
because it'll just be going too fast for
you to keep up. But it does have a great
response time. I I do really like it. I
have it set to pedal assist 2 right now
because I'm going on a pretty rough
trail right now. And uh but still
overall very stable, very comfy ride.
And uh I mean I'm taking it on a pretty
extreme trail right now with the amount
of ruts in here, but overall a nice
smooth ride, especially on a trail like
this one that has a lot of ups and downs
in it as you can tell.
But yeah, I really like this bike a lot.
It It feels great. The seat's very
comfy, and going over some of these ruts
and bumps, I don't really feel a thing.
It's it the seat is very soft and
cushiony and uh very nice ride. And the
shocks definitely help support uh my
rideability on this thing. Now I'm
coming up on a mud puddle. Uh-oh.
See how we get through here.
The M2 just did it did just fine. So,
but yeah, very nice smooth ride even on
a rougher trail like the one I'm on
right now.
That had a little bit of a bump to it,
but overall not bad at all. I'm just
solely using the pedals with the level
two pedal assist right now. helps get me
over some of these big hills on this
trail.
But even one-handed, which I don't
recommend you doing, I'm capable of
doing this pretty easily.
Now, the trail kind of smooths out.
And just look at some of the sights you
can see out here. That big field out
there.
And when you're out here in the pine
barren like I am, this is what you see
every day. The forest.
Now, I certainly You know what? I'm
going to go for it.
We were able to do it just fine. And the
fenders kept me dry. Thank you, Apus.
I love this bike.
Yeah, this bike is a lot of fun.
I mean, an absolute blast to ride.
Such a thrill here on the trails deep
here in the Pine Barons and even on the
roadways. This bike rides like a
Cadillac for bicycles.
So, now I'm on the pavement
and much like on the trails, this thing
rides like a dream. It's such it's such
a smooth ride even on here.
And believe me, when you live in New
Jersey, our roads are not that great.
But I have a nice smooth ride. Very
comfortable on this. I could definitely
ride this for the full 85 mile battery
range if I ever make it that far. But
here I am just pedaling along. I'm at
pedal assist level three moving at about
16 mph
and it's just a nice comfortable ride
out here in the Pine Barons.
Very enjoyable ride overall.
I have zero complaints about this bike
except for one. Why didn't I get one
sooner? That is my only complaint.
As you can see, this bike is really
wellbuilt, especially for off-road
conditions with these fat, knobbyby
tires on it. And being out here in the
Pine Barons, a lot of the trails that we
have are sand. We don't have dirt like
you have maybe at your home or
elsewhere. A lot of this is sand. So,
these trails are very, very soft. But
with these large knobbyby tires on it
and the pedal assist, I'm able to
navigate through here quite well. Now,
it is a little bit of a challenge, but
once you get the hang of it, it's not so
bad. And learning how to ride this ebike
was not hard at all. I mean, it's just
like a regular bicycle, but it does pack
a punch with that 1800 W motor on there.
So, if you're not used to it and you put
it up to level five pedal assist and hit
the throttle, it's going to take off on
you and you don't want to fall. So, just
be careful the first time you get on it.
But this is a fun bike and it provides a
very comfortable ride with that cushion
seat and the full suspension, which is
adjustable, by the way. You can adjust
the firmness or uh looseness of the
suspension for a stiffer ride or a like
more comfy, bouncy ride on there,
whatever you prefer. This is just stock
how it came out of the box. I didn't
adjust the suspension on it at all
because I like it. It's comfortable and
that's what I prefer. So anyway, all in
all, a wonderful bike on a budget. It
does not cost a lot of money whatsoever
compared to some ebikes. So, what you're
getting is fantastic. And if you are
interested in this bike or you want to
buy one, I have the link for the M2 Pro
in the video description below. And when
you order through my affiliate link and
use the keyword Wally B, you'll actually
save $50 on this bike here. So, go out,
get yourself an ebike if you want to
explore the outdoors and not have to put
in as much effort as you would on a
traditional mountain bike. this would be
a great uh replacement for that. And uh
go out and enjoy nature. It's just so
beautiful out here. And uh you'll really
be amazed at what you can discover and
ride with the Apus M2 Pro. I want to
thank Apus for their generosity and
sending me this to show this off to you,
showcase it, and tell you all about this
bike and the wonderful features that it
has and just the durability and how I'm
able to take this everywhere, whether
it's on the roads here in the Pine
Barons or off the beaten path like I am
right now. Thank you very much, Apis,
for your generosity, for the helmet, for
the bike, and for allowing me to do this
video for you guys and get this awesome
bike. I love this thing. This thing is
fantastic. I've had zero problems with
it. And I mean, just like any bike, at
some point, I'm sure I'm going to have
to replace an inner tube or the tires or
the brakes as they age. That's every
bike, though. But for what this is and
for the cost of this thing is normally I
say this is a really good deal, and you
ought to go out and get yourself that,
too. But thank you so much, Apus. Thank
you everybody for watching this video. I
hope you enjoyed. And if you did, hit
that thumbs up for me. Hit it for uh
Apis Bikes cuz they've been a pleasure
to work with and they're great people
with me and I appreciate them very very
much. But with that said, I'm signing
off because I want to hit the trails and
put some more miles on this thing. And
uh with that, I'm signing off. So,
thanks for watching everybody. Take care
and stay awesome. And I will see you
next time wherever that might be. It'll
probably be on here too for all we know.
But anyway, thanks again for watching.
See you next time. Bye-bye.
I'm sorry.
