Hi all, it's me Fas Pony. Hi all, it's me Fas Pony. Hi all, it's me Fas Pony. >> Look at the front where it says Ames >> Look at the front where it says Ames >> Look at the front where it says Ames real big. real big. real big. Hi everybody. Wally B26 coming at you Hi everybody. Wally B26 coming at you Hi everybody. Wally B26 coming at you from the Pine Barons here in New Jersey. from the Pine Barons here in New Jersey. from the Pine Barons here in New Jersey. And I'm here today to tell you about And I'm here today to tell you about And I'm here today to tell you about this awesome new ebike I got from Apis this awesome new ebike I got from Apis this awesome new ebike I got from Apis Bikes. And I'm going to tell you all the Bikes. And I'm going to tell you all the Bikes. And I'm going to tell you all the specs about it and how you can get specs about it and how you can get specs about it and how you can get yourself one at a discount through this yourself one at a discount through this yourself one at a discount through this video. Come along with me and let's video. Come along with me and let's video. Come along with me and let's check this bike out and go for a ride. check this bike out and go for a ride. check this bike out and go for a ride. So this is the Apis M2 Pro. It's one of So this is the Apis M2 Pro. It's one of So this is the Apis M2 Pro. It's one of Apas' top-of-the-line ebikes. It's a Apas' top-of-the-line ebikes. It's a Apas' top-of-the-line ebikes. It's a 26-in eBike with seven-speed gears and 26-in eBike with seven-speed gears and 26-in eBike with seven-speed gears and an 18,800 W motor capable of speeds of an 18,800 W motor capable of speeds of an 18,800 W motor capable of speeds of up to 36 mph. And with the 26-in x 4in up to 36 mph. And with the 26-in x 4in up to 36 mph. And with the 26-in x 4in fat tires, this bike is designed for the fat tires, this bike is designed for the fat tires, this bike is designed for the trails like the one I'm on here, or for trails like the one I'm on here, or for trails like the one I'm on here, or for the street or anywhere in between. It the street or anywhere in between. It the street or anywhere in between. It has the standard soft and cushiony bike has the standard soft and cushiony bike has the standard soft and cushiony bike seat on here. It's very comfy. They do seat on here. It's very comfy. They do seat on here. It's very comfy. They do offer an upgraded larger padded seat for offer an upgraded larger padded seat for offer an upgraded larger padded seat for if you want something even more if you want something even more if you want something even more comfortable. But for what comes with comfortable. But for what comes with comfortable. But for what comes with this bike, this seat is very comfy. And this bike, this seat is very comfy. And this bike, this seat is very comfy. And with full suspension on the front and on with full suspension on the front and on with full suspension on the front and on the rear, you'll have a very nice, the rear, you'll have a very nice, the rear, you'll have a very nice, comfortable ride no matter where you go. comfortable ride no matter where you go. comfortable ride no matter where you go. And as I'd mentioned, this is a And as I'd mentioned, this is a And as I'd mentioned, this is a seven-speed bike. It features Shimano seven-speed bike. It features Shimano seven-speed bike. It features Shimano gears and Shimano gear shifter to gears and Shimano gear shifter to gears and Shimano gear shifter to upshift and downshift with just the use upshift and downshift with just the use upshift and downshift with just the use of your thumb. It features disc brakes of your thumb. It features disc brakes of your thumb. It features disc brakes on both the front wheel and the back on both the front wheel and the back on both the front wheel and the back wheel for smooth braking. It features wheel for smooth braking. It features wheel for smooth braking. It features these fenders on both the front wheel these fenders on both the front wheel these fenders on both the front wheel and the back wheel, and they bolt right and the back wheel, and they bolt right and the back wheel, and they bolt right up to the bike itself and the fork, so up to the bike itself and the fork, so up to the bike itself and the fork, so if you do go out in wet terrain, you'll if you do go out in wet terrain, you'll if you do go out in wet terrain, you'll stay a little bit drier. The M2 Pro stay a little bit drier. The M2 Pro stay a little bit drier. The M2 Pro comes standard with this metal bike rack comes standard with this metal bike rack comes standard with this metal bike rack for carrying luggage around. And if you for carrying luggage around. And if you for carrying luggage around. And if you want to upgrade, like I did, you can want to upgrade, like I did, you can want to upgrade, like I did, you can even get yourself this saddle bag, which even get yourself this saddle bag, which even get yourself this saddle bag, which bolts directly to the top of the rack, bolts directly to the top of the rack, bolts directly to the top of the rack, or you can get carrying baskets where or you can get carrying baskets where or you can get carrying baskets where you can mount one here on the back of you can mount one here on the back of you can mount one here on the back of the bike and another right here on the the bike and another right here on the the bike and another right here on the front of the bike. The 1800 watt motor front of the bike. The 1800 watt motor front of the bike. The 1800 watt motor is built directly into the rear wheel is built directly into the rear wheel is built directly into the rear wheel which features five levels of pedal which features five levels of pedal which features five levels of pedal assist which can be controlled through assist which can be controlled through assist which can be controlled through these pedals here or through the hand these pedals here or through the hand these pedals here or through the hand control the throttle right here on the control the throttle right here on the control the throttle right here on the right handlebar. Power is supplied to right handlebar. Power is supplied to right handlebar. Power is supplied to the M2 Pro through this large 48vt 17.5 the M2 Pro through this large 48vt 17.5 the M2 Pro through this large 48vt 17.5 amp hour rechargeable lithium ion amp hour rechargeable lithium ion amp hour rechargeable lithium ion battery that just clips right into the battery that just clips right into the battery that just clips right into the bottom of the bike like that. To turn on bottom of the bike like that. To turn on bottom of the bike like that. To turn on the bike, you have this weatherproof the bike, you have this weatherproof the bike, you have this weatherproof cover over the power switch right here cover over the power switch right here cover over the power switch right here where you can also plug in the charger where you can also plug in the charger where you can also plug in the charger to charge your battery if you don't to charge your battery if you don't to charge your battery if you don't remove it from the bike. But if you're remove it from the bike. But if you're remove it from the bike. But if you're like me, I take the battery inside and like me, I take the battery inside and like me, I take the battery inside and charge it inside the house. Now, in order to remove the battery, Now, in order to remove the battery, Now, in order to remove the battery, either for storage or if you wish to either for storage or if you wish to either for storage or if you wish to charge it in your home like I do, uh you charge it in your home like I do, uh you charge it in your home like I do, uh you do see this little key slot right here. do see this little key slot right here. do see this little key slot right here. And the M2 Pro does come with a pair of And the M2 Pro does come with a pair of And the M2 Pro does come with a pair of keys that you put in here to unlock the keys that you put in here to unlock the keys that you put in here to unlock the battery. Like that. You just saw it battery. Like that. You just saw it battery. Like that. You just saw it slide out. And you'll actually see that slide out. And you'll actually see that slide out. And you'll actually see that there is a lever here that you have to there is a lever here that you have to there is a lever here that you have to turn in order to remove the battery. turn in order to remove the battery. turn in order to remove the battery. Now, when you do so, I do recommend you Now, when you do so, I do recommend you Now, when you do so, I do recommend you turn the front wheel because if you turn the front wheel because if you turn the front wheel because if you don't, when you remove the battery, don't, when you remove the battery, don't, when you remove the battery, it'll hit off of the fender, and you it'll hit off of the fender, and you it'll hit off of the fender, and you don't want that. But when you turn the don't want that. But when you turn the don't want that. But when you turn the the knob here, you'll see it releases the knob here, you'll see it releases the knob here, you'll see it releases the battery, and you can carefully slide the battery, and you can carefully slide the battery, and you can carefully slide it out just like that. And to put the it out just like that. And to put the it out just like that. And to put the battery back in, you don't need the key battery back in, you don't need the key battery back in, you don't need the key for it. Just start at the bottom and for it. Just start at the bottom and for it. Just start at the bottom and work your way up and snap it right in. work your way up and snap it right in. work your way up and snap it right in. Now, if you're like me, I prefer to keep Now, if you're like me, I prefer to keep Now, if you're like me, I prefer to keep the battery inside of the house when I the battery inside of the house when I the battery inside of the house when I put the bike away in our shed. If you're put the bike away in our shed. If you're put the bike away in our shed. If you're going to be keeping your bike in an going to be keeping your bike in an going to be keeping your bike in an element that is prone to extreme heat or element that is prone to extreme heat or element that is prone to extreme heat or humidity, such as a shed or maybe a humidity, such as a shed or maybe a humidity, such as a shed or maybe a garage, it's not wise to keep the garage, it's not wise to keep the garage, it's not wise to keep the battery in the bike because it can battery in the bike because it can battery in the bike because it can damage it and it can shorten the battery damage it and it can shorten the battery damage it and it can shorten the battery life overall. So, you don't want that. life overall. So, you don't want that. life overall. So, you don't want that. So, what I do is I keep it inside of the So, what I do is I keep it inside of the So, what I do is I keep it inside of the house and I normally keep it at a 50% house and I normally keep it at a 50% house and I normally keep it at a 50% charge when I'm not using it because it charge when I'm not using it because it charge when I'm not using it because it helps extend it in the long run. When I helps extend it in the long run. When I helps extend it in the long run. When I do want to use it though, I will charge do want to use it though, I will charge do want to use it though, I will charge it right before I go out for a ride. And it right before I go out for a ride. And it right before I go out for a ride. And it takes about maybe 3 hours or so to it takes about maybe 3 hours or so to it takes about maybe 3 hours or so to charge it depending on how low the charge it depending on how low the charge it depending on how low the battery is too. The more charge that's battery is too. The more charge that's battery is too. The more charge that's already on it, the less time it'll take. already on it, the less time it'll take. already on it, the less time it'll take. But once it's ready to go, you can get But once it's ready to go, you can get But once it's ready to go, you can get up to 85 miles of range on this. Now, up to 85 miles of range on this. Now, up to 85 miles of range on this. Now, when you have it at pedal assist level when you have it at pedal assist level when you have it at pedal assist level five, it's going to chew up the battery five, it's going to chew up the battery five, it's going to chew up the battery a heck of a lot faster. I've known this. a heck of a lot faster. I've known this. a heck of a lot faster. I've known this. I've taken this out for a couple of test I've taken this out for a couple of test I've taken this out for a couple of test rides. Apis has been very wonderful and rides. Apis has been very wonderful and rides. Apis has been very wonderful and letting me get familiar with this bike letting me get familiar with this bike letting me get familiar with this bike and getting the hang of it because this and getting the hang of it because this and getting the hang of it because this is my first ebike. I've never had one is my first ebike. I've never had one is my first ebike. I've never had one before. And I will say the higher the before. And I will say the higher the before. And I will say the higher the pedal assist level, the shorter your pedal assist level, the shorter your pedal assist level, the shorter your battery life is. But if you are pedaling battery life is. But if you are pedaling battery life is. But if you are pedaling and you're at pedal assist level one, and you're at pedal assist level one, and you're at pedal assist level one, you can definitely reach 85 miles on one you can definitely reach 85 miles on one you can definitely reach 85 miles on one charge. Now, you've seen me turn the charge. Now, you've seen me turn the charge. Now, you've seen me turn the power to the battery on, but to actually power to the battery on, but to actually power to the battery on, but to actually turn the mechanisms on the bike on, you turn the mechanisms on the bike on, you turn the mechanisms on the bike on, you have this little keypad right here with have this little keypad right here with have this little keypad right here with a power button right in the center, a power button right in the center, a power button right in the center, which will illuminate this screen here, which will illuminate this screen here, which will illuminate this screen here, which gives you all of your information which gives you all of your information which gives you all of your information and data. Up here, you have your battery and data. Up here, you have your battery and data. Up here, you have your battery indicator. You can see I have a full indicator. You can see I have a full indicator. You can see I have a full charge. This is your speedometer, which charge. This is your speedometer, which charge. This is your speedometer, which you can change to kilome/h if you'd you can change to kilome/h if you'd you can change to kilome/h if you'd like. This is your pedal assist level like. This is your pedal assist level like. This is your pedal assist level here. It goes through one through five. here. It goes through one through five. here. It goes through one through five. And then down here you have your And then down here you have your And then down here you have your odometer, which you can also change to a odometer, which you can also change to a odometer, which you can also change to a trip meter and your average uh speed and trip meter and your average uh speed and trip meter and your average uh speed and amp hours and how much battery life you amp hours and how much battery life you amp hours and how much battery life you have in there as well. But you can also have in there as well. But you can also have in there as well. But you can also go by this indicator up here. And it go by this indicator up here. And it go by this indicator up here. And it gives you a lot more options to unlock gives you a lot more options to unlock gives you a lot more options to unlock other features like the 36 mph speed other features like the 36 mph speed other features like the 36 mph speed limit because this comes standard at 20 limit because this comes standard at 20 limit because this comes standard at 20 mph. Now, to achieve that maximum speed mph. Now, to achieve that maximum speed mph. Now, to achieve that maximum speed of 20 miles per hour, if you don't pedal of 20 miles per hour, if you don't pedal of 20 miles per hour, if you don't pedal that fast, you can set the pedal assist that fast, you can set the pedal assist that fast, you can set the pedal assist here by hitting this plus button as you here by hitting this plus button as you here by hitting this plus button as you see, which is increasing the number for see, which is increasing the number for see, which is increasing the number for the pedal assist level. Now, I'm at the pedal assist level. Now, I'm at the pedal assist level. Now, I'm at level five, but unlocked like I have it, level five, but unlocked like I have it, level five, but unlocked like I have it, I can reach speeds of 36 mph. And if you I can reach speeds of 36 mph. And if you I can reach speeds of 36 mph. And if you go online, Apus has a video to show you go online, Apus has a video to show you go online, Apus has a video to show you how to unlock that feature. And to lower how to unlock that feature. And to lower how to unlock that feature. And to lower it, you just hit this button down here, it, you just hit this button down here, it, you just hit this button down here, the minus sign, or where it has a foot the minus sign, or where it has a foot the minus sign, or where it has a foot on it. And you can lower it back down to on it. And you can lower it back down to on it. And you can lower it back down to one or to zero, which is preferred if one or to zero, which is preferred if one or to zero, which is preferred if you're going to be walking with the bike you're going to be walking with the bike you're going to be walking with the bike and pushing it. This button here is your and pushing it. This button here is your and pushing it. This button here is your info button. It'll actually change the info button. It'll actually change the info button. It'll actually change the things on here like miles an hour, that things on here like miles an hour, that things on here like miles an hour, that sort of thing, your average, and how sort of thing, your average, and how sort of thing, your average, and how many volts your battery has, amps that many volts your battery has, amps that many volts your battery has, amps that you're using, which I'm not using any you're using, which I'm not using any you're using, which I'm not using any right now. And right now, you can see right now. And right now, you can see right now. And right now, you can see I've put 63.4 four miles on this bike I've put 63.4 four miles on this bike I've put 63.4 four miles on this bike since I got it. This button here changes since I got it. This button here changes since I got it. This button here changes the brightness level on your screen. You the brightness level on your screen. You the brightness level on your screen. You can see it makes it a little bit dimmer. can see it makes it a little bit dimmer. can see it makes it a little bit dimmer. It's better for night riding. This does It's better for night riding. This does It's better for night riding. This does not control the headlight on the actual not control the headlight on the actual not control the headlight on the actual bike. That's what this button does here. bike. That's what this button does here. bike. That's what this button does here. And when we push this button right here, And when we push this button right here, And when we push this button right here, it'll actually illuminate the headlight it'll actually illuminate the headlight it'll actually illuminate the headlight on the front of the bike and the tail on the front of the bike and the tail on the front of the bike and the tail light on the rear of the bike. It does light on the rear of the bike. It does light on the rear of the bike. It does feature an LED projector light which feature an LED projector light which feature an LED projector light which illuminates very nicely at night and illuminates very nicely at night and illuminates very nicely at night and really lights up the road and trails. really lights up the road and trails. really lights up the road and trails. And the rear LED brake light lets people And the rear LED brake light lets people And the rear LED brake light lets people behind you know that you're there and behind you know that you're there and behind you know that you're there and makes you more visible. But that's not makes you more visible. But that's not makes you more visible. But that's not all this light does. If you were all this light does. If you were all this light does. If you were wondering what this button was here in wondering what this button was here in wondering what this button was here in the center, this is actually your turn the center, this is actually your turn the center, this is actually your turn signal indicator. When we slide it over signal indicator. When we slide it over signal indicator. When we slide it over to the left, it illuminates the left to the left, it illuminates the left to the left, it illuminates the left turn signal right here in the brake turn signal right here in the brake turn signal right here in the brake light. You can see it flashing there. light. You can see it flashing there. light. You can see it flashing there. And when we switch it all the way over And when we switch it all the way over And when we switch it all the way over to the right, it illuminates the right to the right, it illuminates the right to the right, it illuminates the right turn signal, indicating that you're turn signal, indicating that you're turn signal, indicating that you're making a right turn. And to shut off the making a right turn. And to shut off the making a right turn. And to shut off the turn signal, just slide this right over turn signal, just slide this right over turn signal, just slide this right over back into the middle, and it'll turn off back into the middle, and it'll turn off back into the middle, and it'll turn off your turn signals, but your brake light your turn signals, but your brake light your turn signals, but your brake light will still be illuminated as long as the will still be illuminated as long as the will still be illuminated as long as the headlight is pressed on. Press that once headlight is pressed on. Press that once headlight is pressed on. Press that once more to turn it off, and both your more to turn it off, and both your more to turn it off, and both your headlight and tail lights are turned headlight and tail lights are turned headlight and tail lights are turned off. This green button down here is your This green button down here is your This green button down here is your horn. And believe me when I tell you, horn. And believe me when I tell you, horn. And believe me when I tell you, this little thing is loud. this little thing is loud. this little thing is loud. And the speaker for the horn is actually And the speaker for the horn is actually And the speaker for the horn is actually built directly into your headlight right built directly into your headlight right built directly into your headlight right here. The Apus M2 Pro comes with a here. The Apus M2 Pro comes with a here. The Apus M2 Pro comes with a little tool kit and tool bag, which you little tool kit and tool bag, which you little tool kit and tool bag, which you can keep right in a saddle bag like I can keep right in a saddle bag like I can keep right in a saddle bag like I do. And it comes with all the necessary do. And it comes with all the necessary do. And it comes with all the necessary tools you need to assemble the bike and tools you need to assemble the bike and tools you need to assemble the bike and if you need to make any adjustments or if you need to make any adjustments or if you need to make any adjustments or repairs. It even came with some extra repairs. It even came with some extra repairs. It even came with some extra parts like some extra lug nuts here. Uh parts like some extra lug nuts here. Uh parts like some extra lug nuts here. Uh zip ties for the cables that go zip ties for the cables that go zip ties for the cables that go throughout the bike and the wires, the throughout the bike and the wires, the throughout the bike and the wires, the keys so you can unlock your battery, a keys so you can unlock your battery, a keys so you can unlock your battery, a screwdriver to make adjustments on the screwdriver to make adjustments on the screwdriver to make adjustments on the gears or the brakes themselves. So gears or the brakes themselves. So gears or the brakes themselves. So everything you need to keep your bike in everything you need to keep your bike in everything you need to keep your bike in perfect working order is right here in perfect working order is right here in perfect working order is right here in this tool kit that comes with your M2 this tool kit that comes with your M2 this tool kit that comes with your M2 Pro. And as I'd mentioned, I upgraded Pro. And as I'd mentioned, I upgraded Pro. And as I'd mentioned, I upgraded and got this saddle bag which mounts and got this saddle bag which mounts and got this saddle bag which mounts right to the rear rack on here. And it right to the rear rack on here. And it right to the rear rack on here. And it is made out of a very sturdy and thick is made out of a very sturdy and thick is made out of a very sturdy and thick canvas material. And the bags on it are canvas material. And the bags on it are canvas material. And the bags on it are very spacious. You have your large bag very spacious. You have your large bag very spacious. You have your large bag here. You can see my car keys in there. here. You can see my car keys in there. here. You can see my car keys in there. And you can put all kinds of things in And you can put all kinds of things in And you can put all kinds of things in there. I have drinks and my tripods for there. I have drinks and my tripods for there. I have drinks and my tripods for this video in this bag here. And it has this video in this bag here. And it has this video in this bag here. And it has a smaller pouch on each side too for a smaller pouch on each side too for a smaller pouch on each side too for smaller items or things that you want to smaller items or things that you want to smaller items or things that you want to keep extra protected. But this bag is keep extra protected. But this bag is keep extra protected. But this bag is very durable. It won't rip and it does very durable. It won't rip and it does very durable. It won't rip and it does clamp shut with these clasps on each clamp shut with these clasps on each clamp shut with these clasps on each side. And one of the little conveniences side. And one of the little conveniences side. And one of the little conveniences about this saddle bag is it has these about this saddle bag is it has these about this saddle bag is it has these straps on it to keep it from flapping straps on it to keep it from flapping straps on it to keep it from flapping around in the wind whether you have around in the wind whether you have around in the wind whether you have anything in here or not. It has Velcro anything in here or not. It has Velcro anything in here or not. It has Velcro straps that go around the frame of the straps that go around the frame of the straps that go around the frame of the luggage rack itself. And it keeps this luggage rack itself. And it keeps this luggage rack itself. And it keeps this nice and steady and sturdy. And you may nice and steady and sturdy. And you may nice and steady and sturdy. And you may have noticed the cables and wires coming have noticed the cables and wires coming have noticed the cables and wires coming out of the front of the bike. They are out of the front of the bike. They are out of the front of the bike. They are all twined together here. They do all twined together here. They do all twined together here. They do provide the power for the electronics on provide the power for the electronics on provide the power for the electronics on here and the cables for the brakes and here and the cables for the brakes and here and the cables for the brakes and the gear shifters. And they all channel the gear shifters. And they all channel the gear shifters. And they all channel through here. You can unplug the through here. You can unplug the through here. You can unplug the electric wires through connectors like electric wires through connectors like electric wires through connectors like that as they do funnel into the frame of that as they do funnel into the frame of that as they do funnel into the frame of the bike, go through here where the the bike, go through here where the the bike, go through here where the battery pack goes. And power is supplied battery pack goes. And power is supplied battery pack goes. And power is supplied to the rear motor through the wire right to the rear motor through the wire right to the rear motor through the wire right here that you can unplug as well. And here that you can unplug as well. And here that you can unplug as well. And another nice feature about this bike, another nice feature about this bike, another nice feature about this bike, uh, as opposed to most traditional uh, as opposed to most traditional uh, as opposed to most traditional mountain bikes, the kickstand on here is mountain bikes, the kickstand on here is mountain bikes, the kickstand on here is further back on here. It's a very sturdy further back on here. It's a very sturdy further back on here. It's a very sturdy kickstand, too. And it doesn't get in kickstand, too. And it doesn't get in kickstand, too. And it doesn't get in the way of your pedals. Most bikes they the way of your pedals. Most bikes they the way of your pedals. Most bikes they get in the way of the pedal when you get in the way of the pedal when you get in the way of the pedal when you back pedal, but the not this one. It's back pedal, but the not this one. It's back pedal, but the not this one. It's right out of reach and it flips up real right out of reach and it flips up real right out of reach and it flips up real nice and easy and out of the way. And nice and easy and out of the way. And nice and easy and out of the way. And when I received this bike, Apus was kind when I received this bike, Apus was kind when I received this bike, Apus was kind enough to send me this helmet which is enough to send me this helmet which is enough to send me this helmet which is very sturdy and solid and it's actually very sturdy and solid and it's actually very sturdy and solid and it's actually very nice and features this visor on the very nice and features this visor on the very nice and features this visor on the front for bright sunny days. And it does front for bright sunny days. And it does front for bright sunny days. And it does flip down. It just screws right or clips flip down. It just screws right or clips flip down. It just screws right or clips in to the side of the helmet or screws in to the side of the helmet or screws in to the side of the helmet or screws in rather. And it does go up and down to in rather. And it does go up and down to in rather. And it does go up and down to shield your eyes a little bit more. And shield your eyes a little bit more. And shield your eyes a little bit more. And I forgot it at home because I always I forgot it at home because I always I forgot it at home because I always wear sunglasses. But there is also a wear sunglasses. But there is also a wear sunglasses. But there is also a little windshield that is magnetic and little windshield that is magnetic and little windshield that is magnetic and it just clips right onto the front of it just clips right onto the front of it just clips right onto the front of the helmet to protect your eyes. Now, it the helmet to protect your eyes. Now, it the helmet to protect your eyes. Now, it is tinted, so it's best to use during is tinted, so it's best to use during is tinted, so it's best to use during the daylight hours because if you use it the daylight hours because if you use it the daylight hours because if you use it at night, you're not going to see very at night, you're not going to see very at night, you're not going to see very well. So, I do recommend you wear eye well. So, I do recommend you wear eye well. So, I do recommend you wear eye protection so you don't get the wind or protection so you don't get the wind or protection so you don't get the wind or potentially bugs in your eyes going at potentially bugs in your eyes going at potentially bugs in your eyes going at 36 miles per hour. But anyway, this is a 36 miles per hour. But anyway, this is a 36 miles per hour. But anyway, this is a wonderful helmet and it is very wonderful helmet and it is very wonderful helmet and it is very adjustable. Soft straps on here. It's adjustable. Soft straps on here. It's adjustable. Soft straps on here. It's very comfy and it features a little very comfy and it features a little very comfy and it features a little light right here on the back that has light right here on the back that has light right here on the back that has three mode settings including solid like three mode settings including solid like three mode settings including solid like that, that, that, hyper flash like that, and then another hyper flash like that, and then another hyper flash like that, and then another little flash that goes up and down. And little flash that goes up and down. And little flash that goes up and down. And then you can shut it off and you can then you can shut it off and you can then you can shut it off and you can even turn it too like that. So different even turn it too like that. So different even turn it too like that. So different options on there. And it runs on a options on there. And it runs on a options on there. And it runs on a little watch battery. And uh it's little watch battery. And uh it's little watch battery. And uh it's another little tiny thing to keep you another little tiny thing to keep you another little tiny thing to keep you safer and more visible to motorists and safer and more visible to motorists and safer and more visible to motorists and other people on the road. So thank you other people on the road. So thank you other people on the road. So thank you Apis. This is very nice too. When I Apis. This is very nice too. When I Apis. This is very nice too. When I received this bike, it showed up in a received this bike, it showed up in a received this bike, it showed up in a large, and I mean large bicycle box with large, and I mean large bicycle box with large, and I mean large bicycle box with a picture of a TV screen on each side to a picture of a TV screen on each side to a picture of a TV screen on each side to indicate that this thing is fragile. Now indicate that this thing is fragile. Now indicate that this thing is fragile. Now don't let that fool you. This thing is don't let that fool you. This thing is don't let that fool you. This thing is very durable and wellb built and it is very durable and wellb built and it is very durable and wellb built and it is also very heavy too. There's nothing also very heavy too. There's nothing also very heavy too. There's nothing really fragile about it. I mean really fragile about it. I mean really fragile about it. I mean obviously you don't want to go and throw obviously you don't want to go and throw obviously you don't want to go and throw it around because you will damage your it around because you will damage your it around because you will damage your bike and who wants to do that? You want bike and who wants to do that? You want bike and who wants to do that? You want to enjoy it and ride it, right? I know I to enjoy it and ride it, right? I know I to enjoy it and ride it, right? I know I do. But anyway, when I received it, it do. But anyway, when I received it, it do. But anyway, when I received it, it showed up through FedEx in a very large showed up through FedEx in a very large showed up through FedEx in a very large box and it was quite heavy. This bike box and it was quite heavy. This bike box and it was quite heavy. This bike alone weighs nearly 100 pounds and even alone weighs nearly 100 pounds and even alone weighs nearly 100 pounds and even with the battery removed, it's still with the battery removed, it's still with the battery removed, it's still approximately 80 to 85 pounds. So, I do approximately 80 to 85 pounds. So, I do approximately 80 to 85 pounds. So, I do recommend you have somebody help you recommend you have somebody help you recommend you have somebody help you bring the box into your home or garage bring the box into your home or garage bring the box into your home or garage or wherever you plan to assemble it. And or wherever you plan to assemble it. And or wherever you plan to assemble it. And that's another thing. Assembly on this that's another thing. Assembly on this that's another thing. Assembly on this was very easy. Even if you've never was very easy. Even if you've never was very easy. Even if you've never built a bike before or have no built a bike before or have no built a bike before or have no experience with it, there is a detailed experience with it, there is a detailed experience with it, there is a detailed instruction booklet that comes with it instruction booklet that comes with it instruction booklet that comes with it and shows you how to put this together. and shows you how to put this together. and shows you how to put this together. And for the most part, majority of the And for the most part, majority of the And for the most part, majority of the bike is already assembled. I mainly just bike is already assembled. I mainly just bike is already assembled. I mainly just had to put the pedals on the front had to put the pedals on the front had to put the pedals on the front wheel, adjust the brakes and the gear a wheel, adjust the brakes and the gear a wheel, adjust the brakes and the gear a little bit and twist the handlebars cuz little bit and twist the handlebars cuz little bit and twist the handlebars cuz they have them twisted to fit it into they have them twisted to fit it into they have them twisted to fit it into the box. And it is also very secure when the box. And it is also very secure when the box. And it is also very secure when it's in the box. Get a trash bag ready it's in the box. Get a trash bag ready it's in the box. Get a trash bag ready because you're going to need it. When because you're going to need it. When because you're going to need it. When they have this in the box, there is an they have this in the box, there is an they have this in the box, there is an overload of packing materials and overload of packing materials and overload of packing materials and insulation to keep it safe and to keep insulation to keep it safe and to keep insulation to keep it safe and to keep it from getting damaged in transport, it from getting damaged in transport, it from getting damaged in transport, which I admire and I appreciate because which I admire and I appreciate because which I admire and I appreciate because when I got this, it was flawless. So, when I got this, it was flawless. So, when I got this, it was flawless. So, get a trash bag ready because there's a get a trash bag ready because there's a get a trash bag ready because there's a lot of packing materials you will need lot of packing materials you will need lot of packing materials you will need to remove and dispose of properly. But I to remove and dispose of properly. But I to remove and dispose of properly. But I admire and I appreciate that Apus goes admire and I appreciate that Apus goes admire and I appreciate that Apus goes the extra step to put that extra packing the extra step to put that extra packing the extra step to put that extra packing material in there to ensure that the material in there to ensure that the material in there to ensure that the bike arrives in perfect shape like mine bike arrives in perfect shape like mine bike arrives in perfect shape like mine did. So again, assembly is not too hard, did. So again, assembly is not too hard, did. So again, assembly is not too hard, even if you've never done it before and even if you've never done it before and even if you've never done it before and you don't have tools. You saw the tool you don't have tools. You saw the tool you don't have tools. You saw the tool kit that came with the bike. Those are kit that came with the bike. Those are kit that came with the bike. Those are all the tools you will need to assemble all the tools you will need to assemble all the tools you will need to assemble this bike. And if you need to make any this bike. And if you need to make any this bike. And if you need to make any adjustments to the brakes or the gears, adjustments to the brakes or the gears, adjustments to the brakes or the gears, which every bike you have to do that on which every bike you have to do that on which every bike you have to do that on at first and as it breaks in, you have at first and as it breaks in, you have at first and as it breaks in, you have to adjust accordingly. Everything you to adjust accordingly. Everything you to adjust accordingly. Everything you need comes with that little tool kit and need comes with that little tool kit and need comes with that little tool kit and you can either store it right into a you can either store it right into a you can either store it right into a saddle bag if you get one or at home. Uh saddle bag if you get one or at home. Uh saddle bag if you get one or at home. Uh but when you're riding, I do recommend but when you're riding, I do recommend but when you're riding, I do recommend bringing it cuz you never know. But bringing it cuz you never know. But bringing it cuz you never know. But anyway, now that I showed you all the anyway, now that I showed you all the anyway, now that I showed you all the specs about this bike and went over the specs about this bike and went over the specs about this bike and went over the details about it, let me show you how it details about it, let me show you how it details about it, let me show you how it rides and uh enjoy some action here on rides and uh enjoy some action here on rides and uh enjoy some action here on the trails here in the Pine Barons. Come along with me. Let's go for an Come along with me. Let's go for an Come along with me. Let's go for an ebike ride. Sunshine Sunshine [music] Sunshine Sunshine Sunshine Sunshine Sunshine Sunshine Sunshine [music] Sunshine. Sunshine. >> [music] >> Sunshine [music] Sunshine Sunshine. Sunshine. Sunshine. >> [music] >> Sunshine side side side running side. [music] >> [music] >> The one thing I've noticed about the M2 >> The one thing I've noticed about the M2 >> The one thing I've noticed about the M2 is that if you use just the throttle is that if you use just the throttle is that if you use just the throttle control on the right handlebar, it control on the right handlebar, it control on the right handlebar, it accelerates very, very quickly. And even accelerates very, very quickly. And even accelerates very, very quickly. And even when you're pedaling, uh, with the pedal when you're pedaling, uh, with the pedal when you're pedaling, uh, with the pedal assist, it activates pretty quickly and assist, it activates pretty quickly and assist, it activates pretty quickly and the response is very strong on it. It the response is very strong on it. It the response is very strong on it. It accelerates very quickly. And uh if you accelerates very quickly. And uh if you accelerates very quickly. And uh if you have it all the way up to pedal assist have it all the way up to pedal assist have it all the way up to pedal assist level five, this thing will be going so level five, this thing will be going so level five, this thing will be going so fast, you won't even need to pedal fast, you won't even need to pedal fast, you won't even need to pedal because it'll just be going too fast for because it'll just be going too fast for because it'll just be going too fast for you to keep up. But it does have a great you to keep up. But it does have a great you to keep up. But it does have a great response time. I I do really like it. I response time. I I do really like it. I response time. I I do really like it. I have it set to pedal assist 2 right now have it set to pedal assist 2 right now have it set to pedal assist 2 right now because I'm going on a pretty rough because I'm going on a pretty rough because I'm going on a pretty rough trail right now. And uh but still trail right now. And uh but still trail right now. And uh but still overall very stable, very comfy ride. overall very stable, very comfy ride. overall very stable, very comfy ride. And uh I mean I'm taking it on a pretty And uh I mean I'm taking it on a pretty And uh I mean I'm taking it on a pretty extreme trail right now with the amount extreme trail right now with the amount extreme trail right now with the amount of ruts in here, but overall a nice of ruts in here, but overall a nice of ruts in here, but overall a nice smooth ride, especially on a trail like smooth ride, especially on a trail like smooth ride, especially on a trail like this one that has a lot of ups and downs this one that has a lot of ups and downs this one that has a lot of ups and downs in it as you can tell. in it as you can tell. in it as you can tell. But yeah, I really like this bike a lot. But yeah, I really like this bike a lot. But yeah, I really like this bike a lot. It It feels great. The seat's very It It feels great. The seat's very It It feels great. The seat's very comfy, and going over some of these ruts comfy, and going over some of these ruts comfy, and going over some of these ruts and bumps, I don't really feel a thing. and bumps, I don't really feel a thing. and bumps, I don't really feel a thing. It's it the seat is very soft and It's it the seat is very soft and It's it the seat is very soft and cushiony and uh very nice ride. And the cushiony and uh very nice ride. And the cushiony and uh very nice ride. And the shocks definitely help support uh my shocks definitely help support uh my shocks definitely help support uh my rideability on this thing. Now I'm rideability on this thing. Now I'm rideability on this thing. Now I'm coming up on a mud puddle. Uh-oh. coming up on a mud puddle. Uh-oh. coming up on a mud puddle. Uh-oh. See how we get through here. See how we get through here. See how we get through here. The M2 just did it did just fine. So, The M2 just did it did just fine. So, The M2 just did it did just fine. So, but yeah, very nice smooth ride even on but yeah, very nice smooth ride even on but yeah, very nice smooth ride even on a rougher trail like the one I'm on a rougher trail like the one I'm on a rougher trail like the one I'm on right now. That had a little bit of a bump to it, That had a little bit of a bump to it, That had a little bit of a bump to it, but overall not bad at all. I'm just but overall not bad at all. I'm just but overall not bad at all. I'm just solely using the pedals with the level solely using the pedals with the level solely using the pedals with the level two pedal assist right now. helps get me two pedal assist right now. helps get me two pedal assist right now. helps get me over some of these big hills on this over some of these big hills on this over some of these big hills on this trail. trail. trail. But even one-handed, which I don't But even one-handed, which I don't But even one-handed, which I don't recommend you doing, I'm capable of recommend you doing, I'm capable of recommend you doing, I'm capable of doing this pretty easily. Now, the trail kind of smooths out. Now, the trail kind of smooths out. Now, the trail kind of smooths out. And just look at some of the sights you And just look at some of the sights you And just look at some of the sights you can see out here. That big field out can see out here. That big field out can see out here. That big field out there. there. there. And when you're out here in the pine And when you're out here in the pine And when you're out here in the pine barren like I am, this is what you see barren like I am, this is what you see barren like I am, this is what you see every day. The forest. every day. The forest. every day. The forest. Now, I certainly You know what? I'm Now, I certainly You know what? I'm Now, I certainly You know what? I'm going to go for it. going to go for it. going to go for it. We were able to do it just fine. And the We were able to do it just fine. And the We were able to do it just fine. And the fenders kept me dry. Thank you, Apus. fenders kept me dry. Thank you, Apus. fenders kept me dry. Thank you, Apus. I love this bike. Yeah, this bike is a lot of fun. Yeah, this bike is a lot of fun. Yeah, this bike is a lot of fun. I mean, an absolute blast to ride. I mean, an absolute blast to ride. I mean, an absolute blast to ride. Such a thrill here on the trails deep Such a thrill here on the trails deep Such a thrill here on the trails deep here in the Pine Barons and even on the here in the Pine Barons and even on the here in the Pine Barons and even on the roadways. This bike rides like a roadways. This bike rides like a roadways. This bike rides like a Cadillac for bicycles. So, now I'm on the pavement So, now I'm on the pavement So, now I'm on the pavement and much like on the trails, this thing and much like on the trails, this thing and much like on the trails, this thing rides like a dream. It's such it's such rides like a dream. It's such it's such rides like a dream. It's such it's such a smooth ride even on here. a smooth ride even on here. a smooth ride even on here. And believe me, when you live in New And believe me, when you live in New And believe me, when you live in New Jersey, our roads are not that great. Jersey, our roads are not that great. Jersey, our roads are not that great. But I have a nice smooth ride. Very But I have a nice smooth ride. Very But I have a nice smooth ride. Very comfortable on this. I could definitely comfortable on this. I could definitely comfortable on this. I could definitely ride this for the full 85 mile battery ride this for the full 85 mile battery ride this for the full 85 mile battery range if I ever make it that far. But range if I ever make it that far. But range if I ever make it that far. But here I am just pedaling along. I'm at here I am just pedaling along. I'm at here I am just pedaling along. I'm at pedal assist level three moving at about pedal assist level three moving at about pedal assist level three moving at about 16 mph 16 mph 16 mph and it's just a nice comfortable ride and it's just a nice comfortable ride and it's just a nice comfortable ride out here in the Pine Barons. Very enjoyable ride overall. Very enjoyable ride overall. Very enjoyable ride overall. I have zero complaints about this bike I have zero complaints about this bike I have zero complaints about this bike except for one. Why didn't I get one except for one. Why didn't I get one except for one. Why didn't I get one sooner? That is my only complaint. As you can see, this bike is really As you can see, this bike is really As you can see, this bike is really wellbuilt, especially for off-road wellbuilt, especially for off-road wellbuilt, especially for off-road conditions with these fat, knobbyby conditions with these fat, knobbyby conditions with these fat, knobbyby tires on it. And being out here in the tires on it. And being out here in the tires on it. And being out here in the Pine Barons, a lot of the trails that we Pine Barons, a lot of the trails that we Pine Barons, a lot of the trails that we have are sand. We don't have dirt like have are sand. We don't have dirt like have are sand. We don't have dirt like you have maybe at your home or you have maybe at your home or you have maybe at your home or elsewhere. A lot of this is sand. So, elsewhere. A lot of this is sand. So, elsewhere. A lot of this is sand. So, these trails are very, very soft. But these trails are very, very soft. But these trails are very, very soft. But with these large knobbyby tires on it with these large knobbyby tires on it with these large knobbyby tires on it and the pedal assist, I'm able to and the pedal assist, I'm able to and the pedal assist, I'm able to navigate through here quite well. Now, navigate through here quite well. Now, navigate through here quite well. Now, it is a little bit of a challenge, but it is a little bit of a challenge, but it is a little bit of a challenge, but once you get the hang of it, it's not so once you get the hang of it, it's not so once you get the hang of it, it's not so bad. And learning how to ride this ebike bad. And learning how to ride this ebike bad. And learning how to ride this ebike was not hard at all. I mean, it's just was not hard at all. I mean, it's just was not hard at all. I mean, it's just like a regular bicycle, but it does pack like a regular bicycle, but it does pack like a regular bicycle, but it does pack a punch with that 1800 W motor on there. a punch with that 1800 W motor on there. a punch with that 1800 W motor on there. So, if you're not used to it and you put So, if you're not used to it and you put So, if you're not used to it and you put it up to level five pedal assist and hit it up to level five pedal assist and hit it up to level five pedal assist and hit the throttle, it's going to take off on the throttle, it's going to take off on the throttle, it's going to take off on you and you don't want to fall. So, just you and you don't want to fall. So, just you and you don't want to fall. So, just be careful the first time you get on it. be careful the first time you get on it. be careful the first time you get on it. But this is a fun bike and it provides a But this is a fun bike and it provides a But this is a fun bike and it provides a very comfortable ride with that cushion very comfortable ride with that cushion very comfortable ride with that cushion seat and the full suspension, which is seat and the full suspension, which is seat and the full suspension, which is adjustable, by the way. You can adjust adjustable, by the way. You can adjust adjustable, by the way. You can adjust the firmness or uh looseness of the the firmness or uh looseness of the the firmness or uh looseness of the suspension for a stiffer ride or a like suspension for a stiffer ride or a like suspension for a stiffer ride or a like more comfy, bouncy ride on there, more comfy, bouncy ride on there, more comfy, bouncy ride on there, whatever you prefer. This is just stock whatever you prefer. This is just stock whatever you prefer. This is just stock how it came out of the box. I didn't how it came out of the box. I didn't how it came out of the box. I didn't adjust the suspension on it at all adjust the suspension on it at all adjust the suspension on it at all because I like it. It's comfortable and because I like it. It's comfortable and because I like it. It's comfortable and that's what I prefer. So anyway, all in that's what I prefer. So anyway, all in that's what I prefer. So anyway, all in all, a wonderful bike on a budget. It all, a wonderful bike on a budget. It all, a wonderful bike on a budget. It does not cost a lot of money whatsoever does not cost a lot of money whatsoever does not cost a lot of money whatsoever compared to some ebikes. So, what you're compared to some ebikes. So, what you're compared to some ebikes. So, what you're getting is fantastic. And if you are getting is fantastic. And if you are getting is fantastic. And if you are interested in this bike or you want to interested in this bike or you want to interested in this bike or you want to buy one, I have the link for the M2 Pro buy one, I have the link for the M2 Pro buy one, I have the link for the M2 Pro in the video description below. And when in the video description below. And when in the video description below. And when you order through my affiliate link and you order through my affiliate link and you order through my affiliate link and use the keyword Wally B, you'll actually use the keyword Wally B, you'll actually use the keyword Wally B, you'll actually save $50 on this bike here. So, go out, save $50 on this bike here. So, go out, save $50 on this bike here. So, go out, get yourself an ebike if you want to get yourself an ebike if you want to get yourself an ebike if you want to explore the outdoors and not have to put explore the outdoors and not have to put explore the outdoors and not have to put in as much effort as you would on a in as much effort as you would on a in as much effort as you would on a traditional mountain bike. this would be traditional mountain bike. this would be traditional mountain bike. this would be a great uh replacement for that. And uh a great uh replacement for that. And uh a great uh replacement for that. And uh go out and enjoy nature. It's just so go out and enjoy nature. It's just so go out and enjoy nature. It's just so beautiful out here. And uh you'll really beautiful out here. And uh you'll really beautiful out here. And uh you'll really be amazed at what you can discover and be amazed at what you can discover and be amazed at what you can discover and ride with the Apus M2 Pro. I want to ride with the Apus M2 Pro. I want to ride with the Apus M2 Pro. I want to thank Apus for their generosity and thank Apus for their generosity and thank Apus for their generosity and sending me this to show this off to you, sending me this to show this off to you, sending me this to show this off to you, showcase it, and tell you all about this showcase it, and tell you all about this showcase it, and tell you all about this bike and the wonderful features that it bike and the wonderful features that it bike and the wonderful features that it has and just the durability and how I'm has and just the durability and how I'm has and just the durability and how I'm able to take this everywhere, whether able to take this everywhere, whether able to take this everywhere, whether it's on the roads here in the Pine it's on the roads here in the Pine it's on the roads here in the Pine Barons or off the beaten path like I am Barons or off the beaten path like I am Barons or off the beaten path like I am right now. Thank you very much, Apis, right now. Thank you very much, Apis, right now. Thank you very much, Apis, for your generosity, for the helmet, for for your generosity, for the helmet, for for your generosity, for the helmet, for the bike, and for allowing me to do this the bike, and for allowing me to do this the bike, and for allowing me to do this video for you guys and get this awesome video for you guys and get this awesome video for you guys and get this awesome bike. I love this thing. This thing is bike. I love this thing. This thing is bike. I love this thing. This thing is fantastic. I've had zero problems with fantastic. I've had zero problems with fantastic. I've had zero problems with it. And I mean, just like any bike, at it. And I mean, just like any bike, at it. And I mean, just like any bike, at some point, I'm sure I'm going to have some point, I'm sure I'm going to have some point, I'm sure I'm going to have to replace an inner tube or the tires or to replace an inner tube or the tires or to replace an inner tube or the tires or the brakes as they age. That's every the brakes as they age. That's every the brakes as they age. That's every bike, though. But for what this is and bike, though. But for what this is and bike, though. But for what this is and for the cost of this thing is normally I for the cost of this thing is normally I for the cost of this thing is normally I say this is a really good deal, and you say this is a really good deal, and you say this is a really good deal, and you ought to go out and get yourself that, ought to go out and get yourself that, ought to go out and get yourself that, too. But thank you so much, Apus. Thank too. But thank you so much, Apus. Thank too. But thank you so much, Apus. Thank you everybody for watching this video. I you everybody for watching this video. I you everybody for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed. And if you did, hit hope you enjoyed. And if you did, hit hope you enjoyed. And if you did, hit that thumbs up for me. Hit it for uh that thumbs up for me. Hit it for uh that thumbs up for me. Hit it for uh Apis Bikes cuz they've been a pleasure Apis Bikes cuz they've been a pleasure Apis Bikes cuz they've been a pleasure to work with and they're great people to work with and they're great people to work with and they're great people with me and I appreciate them very very with me and I appreciate them very very with me and I appreciate them very very much. But with that said, I'm signing much. But with that said, I'm signing much. But with that said, I'm signing off because I want to hit the trails and off because I want to hit the trails and off because I want to hit the trails and put some more miles on this thing. And put some more miles on this thing. And put some more miles on this thing. And uh with that, I'm signing off. So, uh with that, I'm signing off. So, uh with that, I'm signing off. So, thanks for watching everybody. Take care thanks for watching everybody. Take care thanks for watching everybody. Take care and stay awesome. And I will see you and stay awesome. And I will see you and stay awesome. And I will see you next time wherever that might be. It'll next time wherever that might be. It'll next time wherever that might be. It'll probably be on here too for all we know. probably be on here too for all we know. probably be on here too for all we know. But anyway, thanks again for watching. But anyway, thanks again for watching. But anyway, thanks again for watching. See you next time. Bye-bye. >> [music] >> I'm sorry. >> I'm sorry. >> I'm sorry. I'm sorry.