The most popular method for anatomy or
figure drawing is by simplifying the
body into 3D shapes. You got the box,
you got the cylinder, box again, another
cylinder, and whatever this is. I have
the brain of an anchovy, hence why I
cannot visualize 3D. I assume anchovies
cannot visualize 3D. If I use 3D for
figure drawing, I will end up stressing
on the 3D shapes instead of the anatomy.
So, this method is a no for me. In the
trash you go. Anyway, thank heavens for
this tutorial by Po Ah Huai Hua on
Xiaohongshu. This looks so much easier
than using the 3D, so let's try it out.
First, let's talk brush. The tutorial is
using a slightly transparent [music]
round brush, so you can see the joints
clearly. In Ibis Paint, I'm using this
brush called felt tip pen
hard. In lower opacity, it behaves
similarly with the brush in the original
tutorial. You can use any brush you
like, but make sure there's an
overlapping color here, kind of like a
Venn diagram, so you can create the
joints easier. Okay, let's move on to
the drawing. Start by making three main
circles, small for the head, medium for
the torso, and big for the hips. Then
add a tiny circle for the waist and a
line for the neck. Then add a straight
line, this will be the shoulders. Now,
draw the arms and remember to split them
into two sections because elbows exist.
On the hips, I will add two extra
circles for the base of the thighs, then
extend them to make the legs. Remember
to also split them because knees exist.
Knees are basically like elbows, you
know? There we go, our beautiful blobs
of limbs, ready to be molded into a
human body. Make some adjustments with
liquefy, and this is optional, but you
can add a squiggly rectangle for the
torso. Also, if you're a complete
beginner in figure drawing, you can
trace the references for guidelines
only. Sometimes it's hard to determine
where to place the shoulders, how long
is the arm, you know, things like that.
Especially when some parts of the limbs
are hidden, like this one because he's
[music] in a sitting position. Okay,
well, obviously the traced one is better
and this one looks uh garbage now, but
please try to draw the guidelines
yourself as a practice. Now, you might
be wondering, is that it? We just
learned anatomy.
Oh, I wish it was, but no. We are going
to sketch something based on these
blobs. If you can immediately draw a
body, go for it, but I have an anchovy
brain, remember? So, I'm going to draw
some sticks and balls as additional
guidelines, as well as changing anything
I want to change. For example, I think
the left arm could bend more and I want
the waist to curve more. The balls are
for the joints and I simplify the crotch
into a triangle. Then I made another
layer and started drawing the body. By
the way, if you can't see the sketch
underneath, I don't really know what
happened. I think my editing software is
broken or something. It's been doing
that for three times in a row, where you
can't see a very light sketch. Anyway,
if you can't immediately draw the body,
you can draw some simple shapes first.
Some people say limbs shouldn't be drawn
straight because there's muscles and
stuff. Well, they are maybe right, but
we do need basic shapes before turning
it into curves and such. So, we have
three guidelines so far. The blobs for
the silhouette, sticks and balls for the
skeleton, and the basic shapes for
volume. The last one is optional. If
you're already used to it, you can
immediately draw the body after the
sticks and balls, or even after the
blobs if you're feeling like a badass or
bad ass. That's another way to write
badass. Now, I will focus on the
simplification and some details. I
usually simplify the muscles into sweet
potatoes. However, parts like forearms
have longer and smaller muscles, so draw
them more
more straight more straight seriously
straighter English come on. Don't make
them all sweet potatoes. They're
delicious, but don't. Now this is
something I've seen a lot of beginners
overlook including me when I first
learned anatomy. It's the traps or the
trapezius muscles. You can also add that
guidelines so you don't forget. Let's
move on to the second reference. Let's
try one with a bit of perspective. As
you can see the camera angle is lower or
frog view. You know I got peed on by a
frog once. I was a child minding my own
business and this little bastard peed on
me. Anyway, the blouse measurement is
still the same as before. Small
forehead, medium for torso, big for
hips, then add the waist and make the
limbs just like we did a few minutes
ago. By the way, yes, I don't have any
exact measurements for the guidelines. I
have a tiny fish brain. You think it's
wise to get math involved? That's why
again, if it's too hard, trace the
reference for guidelines. After you get
a sense of how big and how long things
generally are, try to draw the
guidelines by yourself. I think I will
draw the body right away. I want to feel
like a badass for once in a while. One
of the things I'm struggling with is the
boobs. Hehehe, she said [screaming]
boobs. Are you freaking 12? I'm drawing
a cross to help me with the angle.
[music] You can use the cross to
determine the middle of the body and
also the curve of the body. Bodies tend
to curve upwards in frog view and curve
downwards in eagle view or the higher
angle. Clothes are also affected by
angles and perspective, so from the frog
view, her bra and her shorts will be
curving upwards. I know this has nothing
to do with anatomy, but if you're not
drawing naked bodies, you should pay
attention to the clothes as well. And
remember, these guidelines are just
guidelines. You don't have to follow
them religiously or whatever. People
have different bodies with details that
cannot be captured by a mere guideline.
For example, this model has a bit of hip
dips and it wasn't captured by the blobs
because they're blobs. They only focus
on the whole figure. They're not very
detailed individuals. Of course, you can
modify the blobs, but I prefer to add
these details during the rough sketch.
Now, let me show you how to dramatize
dramatize the angle. Click Liquefy and
choose Expand. With a big brush, make
the lower half of the body bigger. Then
choose Shrink and make the upper half
smaller. This is the comparison with the
undramatized version. Doesn't look like
much, but this one looks more dramatic.
Now, let's try the eagle view. I will
just trace [music] to save time and to
be honest, this angle is quite
challenging for me. I don't think I can
nail this. Anyway, from this angle, I
don't think the hips will be as big as
the front and frog view. So, I will use
a smaller circle for that. By the way,
since the limbs are overlapping in this
one, you can use different colors so
it's easier to see. And now, I will
quickly draw the rough sketch. [music] I
made a mistake in the blobs though. The
head should be much bigger. I think in
eagle view, the size should be reversed.
And remember, the body curves downwards.
You know what? Let's give him some
clothes to spare his decency. As I
mentioned, clothes are affected by the
angle, especially the holes. You know,
like the pant hole and the shirt hole
and all kinds of holes. Afterwards,
adjust the whole thing with Liquefy.
Sometimes, even with the best
guidelines, the drawing can still look
weird. So, just use Liquefy. It's free.
It's amazing. It's my best friend. Okay,
now I want to yap a bit about muscles.
If you want to hear me yap a lot about
muscles, the muscle study video for
members is in the making. It's in the
oven. Become a member if you're
interested, but even if you don't,
that's okay. I still love you.
Anyway, let's do a simple pose for this
segment. I will draw the blobs real
quick. It's just a hand crossing pose,
nothing too fancy. The guy in the
reference though,
fancy. Let's move on to the rough sketch
and draw the face and neck really
simply. Don't forget to draw the traps
and draw the shoulders. And for the
biceps, I simplify them into barrels.
You know what? Let's give him bigger
barrels because I'm drawing Farka and he
loves huge barrels. Okay, now draw a
cleaner sketch so it looks more like
Farka. At this stage, I added more
volumes and curves to the drawing. For
example, if you look at his forearm,
there's this piece of meat Hold on,
meat, really? What am I, a butcher?
Piece of uh flesh, muscle, which kind of
squished because he's crossing his arm
and I tried to capture that in the clean
sketch. More ripples of muscles like in
the triceps, forearm, and also in the
elbows, I simplify them into angular
lines. I also do this for the whole body
actually. For example, the shoulder is
round and I break it down into angular
shapes. Sometimes I make the lines
thinner and more angular. The elbow is
not fully sharp like a knife, by the
way. It's curved, but I like to make it
[music] kind of rectangular. This is all
optional, obviously. If you like it
curved, just make it curved. Okay, so I
didn't really like the sketch, so I made
another clean sketch. I see clean
sketches as an opportunity to make my
drawing better. I will not go into
detail about how I draw the face and
hair, obviously, but the shirt is
inspired by Farka official animation.
But anyway, I made the shirt sleeveless,
so it looks like the reference. [music]
I added more volume, just a little bit.
Okay, I made sure I didn't go overboard,
even though I really wanted to. And I
also added a few more details like the
arm veins. I actually focused too much
on the veins that I forgot to draw his
scars. Kind of disappointed in myself,
but well, I can always add them later in
the rendering stage. Yes, I will color
and render this in the membership video
as part of the muscle study. I will add
a little sneak peek as a marketing
effort for my channel membership, but
you know, again, no fresh. Whatever you
want. And thank you guys so much for
watching, and I will see you guys in the
next one. Bye.
