The most popular method for anatomy or The most popular method for anatomy or The most popular method for anatomy or figure drawing is by simplifying the figure drawing is by simplifying the figure drawing is by simplifying the body into 3D shapes. You got the box, body into 3D shapes. You got the box, body into 3D shapes. You got the box, you got the cylinder, box again, another you got the cylinder, box again, another you got the cylinder, box again, another cylinder, and whatever this is. I have cylinder, and whatever this is. I have cylinder, and whatever this is. I have the brain of an anchovy, hence why I the brain of an anchovy, hence why I the brain of an anchovy, hence why I cannot visualize 3D. I assume anchovies cannot visualize 3D. I assume anchovies cannot visualize 3D. I assume anchovies cannot visualize 3D. If I use 3D for cannot visualize 3D. If I use 3D for cannot visualize 3D. If I use 3D for figure drawing, I will end up stressing figure drawing, I will end up stressing figure drawing, I will end up stressing on the 3D shapes instead of the anatomy. on the 3D shapes instead of the anatomy. on the 3D shapes instead of the anatomy. So, this method is a no for me. In the So, this method is a no for me. In the So, this method is a no for me. In the trash you go. Anyway, thank heavens for trash you go. Anyway, thank heavens for trash you go. Anyway, thank heavens for this tutorial by Po Ah Huai Hua on this tutorial by Po Ah Huai Hua on this tutorial by Po Ah Huai Hua on Xiaohongshu. This looks so much easier Xiaohongshu. This looks so much easier Xiaohongshu. This looks so much easier than using the 3D, so let's try it out. than using the 3D, so let's try it out. than using the 3D, so let's try it out. First, let's talk brush. The tutorial is First, let's talk brush. The tutorial is First, let's talk brush. The tutorial is using a slightly transparent [music] using a slightly transparent [music] using a slightly transparent [music] round brush, so you can see the joints round brush, so you can see the joints round brush, so you can see the joints clearly. In Ibis Paint, I'm using this clearly. In Ibis Paint, I'm using this clearly. In Ibis Paint, I'm using this brush called felt tip pen brush called felt tip pen brush called felt tip pen hard. In lower opacity, it behaves hard. In lower opacity, it behaves hard. In lower opacity, it behaves similarly with the brush in the original similarly with the brush in the original similarly with the brush in the original tutorial. You can use any brush you tutorial. You can use any brush you tutorial. You can use any brush you like, but make sure there's an like, but make sure there's an like, but make sure there's an overlapping color here, kind of like a overlapping color here, kind of like a overlapping color here, kind of like a Venn diagram, so you can create the Venn diagram, so you can create the Venn diagram, so you can create the joints easier. Okay, let's move on to joints easier. Okay, let's move on to joints easier. Okay, let's move on to the drawing. Start by making three main the drawing. Start by making three main the drawing. Start by making three main circles, small for the head, medium for circles, small for the head, medium for circles, small for the head, medium for the torso, and big for the hips. Then the torso, and big for the hips. Then the torso, and big for the hips. Then add a tiny circle for the waist and a add a tiny circle for the waist and a add a tiny circle for the waist and a line for the neck. Then add a straight line for the neck. Then add a straight line for the neck. Then add a straight line, this will be the shoulders. Now, line, this will be the shoulders. Now, line, this will be the shoulders. Now, draw the arms and remember to split them draw the arms and remember to split them draw the arms and remember to split them into two sections because elbows exist. into two sections because elbows exist. into two sections because elbows exist. On the hips, I will add two extra On the hips, I will add two extra On the hips, I will add two extra circles for the base of the thighs, then circles for the base of the thighs, then circles for the base of the thighs, then extend them to make the legs. Remember extend them to make the legs. Remember extend them to make the legs. Remember to also split them because knees exist. to also split them because knees exist. to also split them because knees exist. Knees are basically like elbows, you Knees are basically like elbows, you Knees are basically like elbows, you know? There we go, our beautiful blobs know? There we go, our beautiful blobs know? There we go, our beautiful blobs of limbs, ready to be molded into a of limbs, ready to be molded into a of limbs, ready to be molded into a human body. Make some adjustments with human body. Make some adjustments with human body. Make some adjustments with liquefy, and this is optional, but you liquefy, and this is optional, but you liquefy, and this is optional, but you can add a squiggly rectangle for the can add a squiggly rectangle for the can add a squiggly rectangle for the torso. Also, if you're a complete torso. Also, if you're a complete torso. Also, if you're a complete beginner in figure drawing, you can beginner in figure drawing, you can beginner in figure drawing, you can trace the references for guidelines trace the references for guidelines trace the references for guidelines only. Sometimes it's hard to determine only. Sometimes it's hard to determine only. Sometimes it's hard to determine where to place the shoulders, how long where to place the shoulders, how long where to place the shoulders, how long is the arm, you know, things like that. is the arm, you know, things like that. is the arm, you know, things like that. Especially when some parts of the limbs Especially when some parts of the limbs Especially when some parts of the limbs are hidden, like this one because he's are hidden, like this one because he's are hidden, like this one because he's [music] in a sitting position. Okay, [music] in a sitting position. Okay, [music] in a sitting position. Okay, well, obviously the traced one is better well, obviously the traced one is better well, obviously the traced one is better and this one looks uh garbage now, but and this one looks uh garbage now, but and this one looks uh garbage now, but please try to draw the guidelines please try to draw the guidelines please try to draw the guidelines yourself as a practice. Now, you might yourself as a practice. Now, you might yourself as a practice. Now, you might be wondering, is that it? We just be wondering, is that it? We just be wondering, is that it? We just learned anatomy. learned anatomy. learned anatomy. Oh, I wish it was, but no. We are going Oh, I wish it was, but no. We are going Oh, I wish it was, but no. We are going to sketch something based on these to sketch something based on these to sketch something based on these blobs. If you can immediately draw a blobs. If you can immediately draw a blobs. If you can immediately draw a body, go for it, but I have an anchovy body, go for it, but I have an anchovy body, go for it, but I have an anchovy brain, remember? So, I'm going to draw brain, remember? So, I'm going to draw brain, remember? So, I'm going to draw some sticks and balls as additional some sticks and balls as additional some sticks and balls as additional guidelines, as well as changing anything guidelines, as well as changing anything guidelines, as well as changing anything I want to change. For example, I think I want to change. For example, I think I want to change. For example, I think the left arm could bend more and I want the left arm could bend more and I want the left arm could bend more and I want the waist to curve more. The balls are the waist to curve more. The balls are the waist to curve more. The balls are for the joints and I simplify the crotch for the joints and I simplify the crotch for the joints and I simplify the crotch into a triangle. Then I made another into a triangle. Then I made another into a triangle. Then I made another layer and started drawing the body. By layer and started drawing the body. By layer and started drawing the body. By the way, if you can't see the sketch the way, if you can't see the sketch the way, if you can't see the sketch underneath, I don't really know what underneath, I don't really know what underneath, I don't really know what happened. I think my editing software is happened. I think my editing software is happened. I think my editing software is broken or something. It's been doing broken or something. It's been doing broken or something. It's been doing that for three times in a row, where you that for three times in a row, where you that for three times in a row, where you can't see a very light sketch. Anyway, can't see a very light sketch. Anyway, can't see a very light sketch. Anyway, if you can't immediately draw the body, if you can't immediately draw the body, if you can't immediately draw the body, you can draw some simple shapes first. you can draw some simple shapes first. you can draw some simple shapes first. Some people say limbs shouldn't be drawn Some people say limbs shouldn't be drawn Some people say limbs shouldn't be drawn straight because there's muscles and straight because there's muscles and straight because there's muscles and stuff. Well, they are maybe right, but stuff. Well, they are maybe right, but stuff. Well, they are maybe right, but we do need basic shapes before turning we do need basic shapes before turning we do need basic shapes before turning it into curves and such. So, we have it into curves and such. So, we have it into curves and such. So, we have three guidelines so far. The blobs for three guidelines so far. The blobs for three guidelines so far. The blobs for the silhouette, sticks and balls for the the silhouette, sticks and balls for the the silhouette, sticks and balls for the skeleton, and the basic shapes for skeleton, and the basic shapes for skeleton, and the basic shapes for volume. The last one is optional. If volume. The last one is optional. If volume. The last one is optional. If you're already used to it, you can you're already used to it, you can you're already used to it, you can immediately draw the body after the immediately draw the body after the immediately draw the body after the sticks and balls, or even after the sticks and balls, or even after the sticks and balls, or even after the blobs if you're feeling like a badass or blobs if you're feeling like a badass or blobs if you're feeling like a badass or bad ass. That's another way to write bad ass. That's another way to write bad ass. That's another way to write badass. Now, I will focus on the badass. Now, I will focus on the badass. Now, I will focus on the simplification and some details. I simplification and some details. I simplification and some details. I usually simplify the muscles into sweet usually simplify the muscles into sweet usually simplify the muscles into sweet potatoes. However, parts like forearms potatoes. However, parts like forearms potatoes. However, parts like forearms have longer and smaller muscles, so draw have longer and smaller muscles, so draw have longer and smaller muscles, so draw them more them more them more more straight more straight seriously more straight more straight seriously more straight more straight seriously straighter English come on. Don't make straighter English come on. Don't make straighter English come on. Don't make them all sweet potatoes. They're them all sweet potatoes. They're them all sweet potatoes. They're delicious, but don't. Now this is delicious, but don't. Now this is delicious, but don't. Now this is something I've seen a lot of beginners something I've seen a lot of beginners something I've seen a lot of beginners overlook including me when I first overlook including me when I first overlook including me when I first learned anatomy. It's the traps or the learned anatomy. It's the traps or the learned anatomy. It's the traps or the trapezius muscles. You can also add that trapezius muscles. You can also add that trapezius muscles. You can also add that guidelines so you don't forget. Let's guidelines so you don't forget. Let's guidelines so you don't forget. Let's move on to the second reference. Let's move on to the second reference. Let's move on to the second reference. Let's try one with a bit of perspective. As try one with a bit of perspective. As try one with a bit of perspective. As you can see the camera angle is lower or you can see the camera angle is lower or you can see the camera angle is lower or frog view. You know I got peed on by a frog view. You know I got peed on by a frog view. You know I got peed on by a frog once. I was a child minding my own frog once. I was a child minding my own frog once. I was a child minding my own business and this little bastard peed on business and this little bastard peed on business and this little bastard peed on me. Anyway, the blouse measurement is me. Anyway, the blouse measurement is me. Anyway, the blouse measurement is still the same as before. Small still the same as before. Small still the same as before. Small forehead, medium for torso, big for forehead, medium for torso, big for forehead, medium for torso, big for hips, then add the waist and make the hips, then add the waist and make the hips, then add the waist and make the limbs just like we did a few minutes limbs just like we did a few minutes limbs just like we did a few minutes ago. By the way, yes, I don't have any ago. By the way, yes, I don't have any ago. By the way, yes, I don't have any exact measurements for the guidelines. I exact measurements for the guidelines. I exact measurements for the guidelines. I have a tiny fish brain. You think it's have a tiny fish brain. You think it's have a tiny fish brain. You think it's wise to get math involved? That's why wise to get math involved? That's why wise to get math involved? That's why again, if it's too hard, trace the again, if it's too hard, trace the again, if it's too hard, trace the reference for guidelines. After you get reference for guidelines. After you get reference for guidelines. After you get a sense of how big and how long things a sense of how big and how long things a sense of how big and how long things generally are, try to draw the generally are, try to draw the generally are, try to draw the guidelines by yourself. I think I will guidelines by yourself. I think I will guidelines by yourself. I think I will draw the body right away. I want to feel draw the body right away. I want to feel draw the body right away. I want to feel like a badass for once in a while. One like a badass for once in a while. One like a badass for once in a while. One of the things I'm struggling with is the of the things I'm struggling with is the of the things I'm struggling with is the boobs. Hehehe, she said [screaming] boobs. Hehehe, she said [screaming] boobs. Hehehe, she said [screaming] boobs. Are you freaking 12? I'm drawing boobs. Are you freaking 12? I'm drawing boobs. Are you freaking 12? I'm drawing a cross to help me with the angle. a cross to help me with the angle. a cross to help me with the angle. [music] You can use the cross to [music] You can use the cross to [music] You can use the cross to determine the middle of the body and determine the middle of the body and determine the middle of the body and also the curve of the body. Bodies tend also the curve of the body. Bodies tend also the curve of the body. Bodies tend to curve upwards in frog view and curve to curve upwards in frog view and curve to curve upwards in frog view and curve downwards in eagle view or the higher downwards in eagle view or the higher downwards in eagle view or the higher angle. Clothes are also affected by angle. Clothes are also affected by angle. Clothes are also affected by angles and perspective, so from the frog angles and perspective, so from the frog angles and perspective, so from the frog view, her bra and her shorts will be view, her bra and her shorts will be view, her bra and her shorts will be curving upwards. I know this has nothing curving upwards. I know this has nothing curving upwards. I know this has nothing to do with anatomy, but if you're not to do with anatomy, but if you're not to do with anatomy, but if you're not drawing naked bodies, you should pay drawing naked bodies, you should pay drawing naked bodies, you should pay attention to the clothes as well. And attention to the clothes as well. And attention to the clothes as well. And remember, these guidelines are just remember, these guidelines are just remember, these guidelines are just guidelines. You don't have to follow guidelines. You don't have to follow guidelines. You don't have to follow them religiously or whatever. People them religiously or whatever. People them religiously or whatever. People have different bodies with details that have different bodies with details that have different bodies with details that cannot be captured by a mere guideline. cannot be captured by a mere guideline. cannot be captured by a mere guideline. For example, this model has a bit of hip For example, this model has a bit of hip For example, this model has a bit of hip dips and it wasn't captured by the blobs dips and it wasn't captured by the blobs dips and it wasn't captured by the blobs because they're blobs. They only focus because they're blobs. They only focus because they're blobs. They only focus on the whole figure. They're not very on the whole figure. They're not very on the whole figure. They're not very detailed individuals. Of course, you can detailed individuals. Of course, you can detailed individuals. Of course, you can modify the blobs, but I prefer to add modify the blobs, but I prefer to add modify the blobs, but I prefer to add these details during the rough sketch. these details during the rough sketch. these details during the rough sketch. Now, let me show you how to dramatize Now, let me show you how to dramatize Now, let me show you how to dramatize dramatize the angle. Click Liquefy and dramatize the angle. Click Liquefy and dramatize the angle. Click Liquefy and choose Expand. With a big brush, make choose Expand. With a big brush, make choose Expand. With a big brush, make the lower half of the body bigger. Then the lower half of the body bigger. Then the lower half of the body bigger. Then choose Shrink and make the upper half choose Shrink and make the upper half choose Shrink and make the upper half smaller. This is the comparison with the smaller. This is the comparison with the smaller. This is the comparison with the undramatized version. Doesn't look like undramatized version. Doesn't look like undramatized version. Doesn't look like much, but this one looks more dramatic. much, but this one looks more dramatic. much, but this one looks more dramatic. Now, let's try the eagle view. I will Now, let's try the eagle view. I will Now, let's try the eagle view. I will just trace [music] to save time and to just trace [music] to save time and to just trace [music] to save time and to be honest, this angle is quite be honest, this angle is quite be honest, this angle is quite challenging for me. I don't think I can challenging for me. I don't think I can challenging for me. I don't think I can nail this. Anyway, from this angle, I nail this. Anyway, from this angle, I nail this. Anyway, from this angle, I don't think the hips will be as big as don't think the hips will be as big as don't think the hips will be as big as the front and frog view. So, I will use the front and frog view. So, I will use the front and frog view. So, I will use a smaller circle for that. By the way, a smaller circle for that. By the way, a smaller circle for that. By the way, since the limbs are overlapping in this since the limbs are overlapping in this since the limbs are overlapping in this one, you can use different colors so one, you can use different colors so one, you can use different colors so it's easier to see. And now, I will it's easier to see. And now, I will it's easier to see. And now, I will quickly draw the rough sketch. [music] I quickly draw the rough sketch. [music] I quickly draw the rough sketch. [music] I made a mistake in the blobs though. The made a mistake in the blobs though. The made a mistake in the blobs though. The head should be much bigger. I think in head should be much bigger. I think in head should be much bigger. I think in eagle view, the size should be reversed. eagle view, the size should be reversed. eagle view, the size should be reversed. And remember, the body curves downwards. And remember, the body curves downwards. And remember, the body curves downwards. You know what? Let's give him some You know what? Let's give him some You know what? Let's give him some clothes to spare his decency. As I clothes to spare his decency. As I clothes to spare his decency. As I mentioned, clothes are affected by the mentioned, clothes are affected by the mentioned, clothes are affected by the angle, especially the holes. You know, angle, especially the holes. You know, angle, especially the holes. You know, like the pant hole and the shirt hole like the pant hole and the shirt hole like the pant hole and the shirt hole and all kinds of holes. Afterwards, and all kinds of holes. Afterwards, and all kinds of holes. Afterwards, adjust the whole thing with Liquefy. adjust the whole thing with Liquefy. adjust the whole thing with Liquefy. Sometimes, even with the best Sometimes, even with the best Sometimes, even with the best guidelines, the drawing can still look guidelines, the drawing can still look guidelines, the drawing can still look weird. So, just use Liquefy. It's free. weird. So, just use Liquefy. It's free. weird. So, just use Liquefy. It's free. It's amazing. It's my best friend. Okay, It's amazing. It's my best friend. Okay, It's amazing. It's my best friend. Okay, now I want to yap a bit about muscles. now I want to yap a bit about muscles. now I want to yap a bit about muscles. If you want to hear me yap a lot about If you want to hear me yap a lot about If you want to hear me yap a lot about muscles, the muscle study video for muscles, the muscle study video for muscles, the muscle study video for members is in the making. It's in the members is in the making. It's in the members is in the making. It's in the oven. Become a member if you're oven. Become a member if you're oven. Become a member if you're interested, but even if you don't, interested, but even if you don't, interested, but even if you don't, that's okay. I still love you. that's okay. I still love you. that's okay. I still love you. Anyway, let's do a simple pose for this Anyway, let's do a simple pose for this Anyway, let's do a simple pose for this segment. I will draw the blobs real segment. I will draw the blobs real segment. I will draw the blobs real quick. It's just a hand crossing pose, quick. It's just a hand crossing pose, quick. It's just a hand crossing pose, nothing too fancy. The guy in the nothing too fancy. The guy in the nothing too fancy. The guy in the reference though, reference though, reference though, fancy. Let's move on to the rough sketch fancy. Let's move on to the rough sketch fancy. Let's move on to the rough sketch and draw the face and neck really and draw the face and neck really and draw the face and neck really simply. Don't forget to draw the traps simply. Don't forget to draw the traps simply. Don't forget to draw the traps and draw the shoulders. And for the and draw the shoulders. And for the and draw the shoulders. And for the biceps, I simplify them into barrels. biceps, I simplify them into barrels. biceps, I simplify them into barrels. You know what? Let's give him bigger You know what? Let's give him bigger You know what? Let's give him bigger barrels because I'm drawing Farka and he barrels because I'm drawing Farka and he barrels because I'm drawing Farka and he loves huge barrels. Okay, now draw a loves huge barrels. Okay, now draw a loves huge barrels. Okay, now draw a cleaner sketch so it looks more like cleaner sketch so it looks more like cleaner sketch so it looks more like Farka. At this stage, I added more Farka. At this stage, I added more Farka. At this stage, I added more volumes and curves to the drawing. For volumes and curves to the drawing. For volumes and curves to the drawing. For example, if you look at his forearm, example, if you look at his forearm, example, if you look at his forearm, there's this piece of meat Hold on, there's this piece of meat Hold on, there's this piece of meat Hold on, meat, really? What am I, a butcher? meat, really? What am I, a butcher? meat, really? What am I, a butcher? Piece of uh flesh, muscle, which kind of Piece of uh flesh, muscle, which kind of Piece of uh flesh, muscle, which kind of squished because he's crossing his arm squished because he's crossing his arm squished because he's crossing his arm and I tried to capture that in the clean and I tried to capture that in the clean and I tried to capture that in the clean sketch. More ripples of muscles like in sketch. More ripples of muscles like in sketch. More ripples of muscles like in the triceps, forearm, and also in the the triceps, forearm, and also in the the triceps, forearm, and also in the elbows, I simplify them into angular elbows, I simplify them into angular elbows, I simplify them into angular lines. I also do this for the whole body lines. I also do this for the whole body lines. I also do this for the whole body actually. For example, the shoulder is actually. For example, the shoulder is actually. For example, the shoulder is round and I break it down into angular round and I break it down into angular round and I break it down into angular shapes. Sometimes I make the lines shapes. Sometimes I make the lines shapes. Sometimes I make the lines thinner and more angular. The elbow is thinner and more angular. The elbow is thinner and more angular. The elbow is not fully sharp like a knife, by the not fully sharp like a knife, by the not fully sharp like a knife, by the way. It's curved, but I like to make it way. It's curved, but I like to make it way. It's curved, but I like to make it [music] kind of rectangular. This is all [music] kind of rectangular. This is all [music] kind of rectangular. This is all optional, obviously. If you like it optional, obviously. If you like it optional, obviously. If you like it curved, just make it curved. Okay, so I curved, just make it curved. Okay, so I curved, just make it curved. Okay, so I didn't really like the sketch, so I made didn't really like the sketch, so I made didn't really like the sketch, so I made another clean sketch. I see clean another clean sketch. I see clean another clean sketch. I see clean sketches as an opportunity to make my sketches as an opportunity to make my sketches as an opportunity to make my drawing better. I will not go into drawing better. I will not go into drawing better. I will not go into detail about how I draw the face and detail about how I draw the face and detail about how I draw the face and hair, obviously, but the shirt is hair, obviously, but the shirt is hair, obviously, but the shirt is inspired by Farka official animation. inspired by Farka official animation. inspired by Farka official animation. But anyway, I made the shirt sleeveless, But anyway, I made the shirt sleeveless, But anyway, I made the shirt sleeveless, so it looks like the reference. [music] so it looks like the reference. [music] so it looks like the reference. [music] I added more volume, just a little bit. I added more volume, just a little bit. I added more volume, just a little bit. Okay, I made sure I didn't go overboard, Okay, I made sure I didn't go overboard, Okay, I made sure I didn't go overboard, even though I really wanted to. And I even though I really wanted to. And I even though I really wanted to. And I also added a few more details like the also added a few more details like the also added a few more details like the arm veins. I actually focused too much arm veins. I actually focused too much arm veins. I actually focused too much on the veins that I forgot to draw his on the veins that I forgot to draw his on the veins that I forgot to draw his scars. Kind of disappointed in myself, scars. Kind of disappointed in myself, scars. Kind of disappointed in myself, but well, I can always add them later in but well, I can always add them later in but well, I can always add them later in the rendering stage. Yes, I will color the rendering stage. Yes, I will color the rendering stage. Yes, I will color and render this in the membership video and render this in the membership video and render this in the membership video as part of the muscle study. I will add as part of the muscle study. I will add as part of the muscle study. I will add a little sneak peek as a marketing a little sneak peek as a marketing a little sneak peek as a marketing effort for my channel membership, but effort for my channel membership, but effort for my channel membership, but you know, again, no fresh. Whatever you you know, again, no fresh. Whatever you you know, again, no fresh. Whatever you want. And thank you guys so much for want. And thank you guys so much for want. And thank you guys so much for watching, and I will see you guys in the watching, and I will see you guys in the watching, and I will see you guys in the next one. Bye.