The outfit I'm going to show you today will be The outfit I'm going to show you today will be The outfit I'm going to show you today will be great for festivals. great for festivals. great for festivals. Everyone who loves the color violet will Everyone who loves the color violet will Everyone who loves the color violet will fall in love again.  The neck part fall in love again.  The neck part fall in love again.  The neck part has a three-dimensional design. Look how beautiful it is. I am getting a has a three-dimensional design. Look how beautiful it is. I am getting a has a three-dimensional design. Look how beautiful it is. I am getting a gold-colored leggings. gold-colored leggings. gold-colored leggings. It can It can It can be said to be ankle-cut. The scarf is also be said to be ankle-cut. The scarf is also be said to be ankle-cut. The scarf is also in the same color. The entire border is also gold in the same color. The entire border is also gold in the same color. The entire border is also gold .  In this, we are .  In this, we are .  In this, we are only provided with a top and a skirt. only provided with a top and a skirt. only provided with a top and a skirt. I purchased the leggings separately I purchased the leggings separately I purchased the leggings separately .  Now let's style my hair. .  Now let's style my hair. .  Now let's style my hair. This is a big task. I do This is a big task. I do This is a big task. I do n't know what to choose. I have to n't know what to choose. I have to n't know what to choose. I have to try one or two or three models. So try one or two or three models. So try one or two or three models. So finally, I'm applying moisturizer to my face finally, I'm applying moisturizer to my face finally, I'm applying moisturizer to my face .  The dress has full .  The dress has full .  The dress has full sleeves, which gives it a dignified look. The sleeves, which gives it a dignified look. The sleeves, which gives it a dignified look. The hairstyle also matches well with hairstyle also matches well with hairstyle also matches well with this dress. Now, I this dress. Now, I would say to add a fringe to elevate your eyes. Don't forget to add a blush and would say to add a fringe to elevate your eyes. Don't forget to add a blush and would say to add a fringe to elevate your eyes. Don't forget to add a blush and your favorite lipstick shade your favorite lipstick shade your favorite lipstick shade .  Now, you can get ready in .  Now, you can get ready in .  Now, you can get ready in two different styles, as I'm showing you two different styles, as I'm showing you two different styles, as I'm showing you .  It would be appropriate to wear only .  It would be appropriate to wear only .  It would be appropriate to wear only large earrings, complete with a large earrings, complete with a large earrings, complete with a watch or bracelet, and a watch or bracelet, and a watch or bracelet, and a scarf scarf scarf . . . Those who want to wear gold-colored jewelry should try this as well, Those who want to wear gold-colored jewelry should try this as well, adding simple earrings to a simple neck chain to adding simple earrings to a simple neck chain to adding simple earrings to a simple neck chain to elevate it properly.  Let's elevate it properly.  Let's elevate it properly.  Let's take a look at the final look.  Whatever you take a look at the final look.  Whatever you take a look at the final look.  Whatever you like, you like, you like, you can go directly to Instagram and purchase it. can go directly to Instagram and purchase it. can go directly to Instagram and purchase it. Let's meet tomorrow with a new outfit.