To celebrate Star Trek 60th anniversary, To celebrate Star Trek 60th anniversary, To celebrate Star Trek 60th anniversary, LEGO came up with a shooting way to LEGO came up with a shooting way to LEGO came up with a shooting way to celebrate it. The U.S.S. Enterprise celebrate it. The U.S.S. Enterprise celebrate it. The U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701 NCC-1701 NCC-1701 Bridge, featuring the original crew in Bridge, featuring the original crew in Bridge, featuring the original crew in minifigure form. The main parts of the minifigure form. The main parts of the minifigure form. The main parts of the bridge, plus a few extras, and lots more bridge, plus a few extras, and lots more bridge, plus a few extras, and lots more that fans of the show will surely be that fans of the show will surely be that fans of the show will surely be excited about, but not without some excited about, but not without some excited about, but not without some caveats. So, let's go over everything caveats. So, let's go over everything caveats. So, let's go over everything this set has to offer, and thank you this set has to offer, and thank you this set has to offer, and thank you LEGO for sending the early review copy. LEGO for sending the early review copy. LEGO for sending the early review copy. In your usual fashion, the building In your usual fashion, the building In your usual fashion, the building instruction manual will be a nice instruction manual will be a nice instruction manual will be a nice throwback with a few show stills, the throwback with a few show stills, the throwback with a few show stills, the LEGO characters' names alongside one of LEGO characters' names alongside one of LEGO characters' names alongside one of their quotes, and then the side-by-side their quotes, and then the side-by-side their quotes, and then the side-by-side comparison shots between LEGO model and comparison shots between LEGO model and comparison shots between LEGO model and real set on the last pair of pages that real set on the last pair of pages that real set on the last pair of pages that do help to tell how good of a job was do help to tell how good of a job was do help to tell how good of a job was done in turning the bridge into bricks. done in turning the bridge into bricks. done in turning the bridge into bricks. The minifigure selection does capture The minifigure selection does capture The minifigure selection does capture most of the core crew in a very nice most of the core crew in a very nice most of the core crew in a very nice way, with a total of eight characters way, with a total of eight characters way, with a total of eight characters included. In the science division, we included. In the science division, we included. In the science division, we have Nurse Christine Chapel with her have Nurse Christine Chapel with her have Nurse Christine Chapel with her unique tunic- styled clothing, featuring unique tunic- styled clothing, featuring unique tunic- styled clothing, featuring dual-molded and printed leg element, dual-molded and printed leg element, dual-molded and printed leg element, even packing more detail than the even packing more detail than the even packing more detail than the standard uniforms both Dr. Leonard McCoy standard uniforms both Dr. Leonard McCoy standard uniforms both Dr. Leonard McCoy and Science Officer Spock use. Spock and Science Officer Spock use. Spock and Science Officer Spock use. Spock here does feature a new hairpiece that here does feature a new hairpiece that here does feature a new hairpiece that features his Vulcan origin, making him features his Vulcan origin, making him features his Vulcan origin, making him one of the most recognizable characters one of the most recognizable characters one of the most recognizable characters in the lineup. Onto the operations in the lineup. Onto the operations in the lineup. Onto the operations division, we have Lieutenant Commander division, we have Lieutenant Commander division, we have Lieutenant Commander Montgomery Scott and Communications Montgomery Scott and Communications Montgomery Scott and Communications Officer Lieutenant Nyota Uhura wearing Officer Lieutenant Nyota Uhura wearing Officer Lieutenant Nyota Uhura wearing red. With Uhura having an increased red. With Uhura having an increased red. With Uhura having an increased level of detailing the same way level of detailing the same way level of detailing the same way Christine did, printed dual-molded leg Christine did, printed dual-molded leg Christine did, printed dual-molded leg element, and her communication earpiece element, and her communication earpiece element, and her communication earpiece can also be found on her head print. can also be found on her head print. can also be found on her head print. Finally, on the command division, we Finally, on the command division, we Finally, on the command division, we have Navigator Ensign Pavel Chekov, have Navigator Ensign Pavel Chekov, have Navigator Ensign Pavel Chekov, making use of Stranger Things Will's making use of Stranger Things Will's making use of Stranger Things Will's hairpiece. Then, Helmsman Lieutenant hairpiece. Then, Helmsman Lieutenant hairpiece. Then, Helmsman Lieutenant Hikaru Sulu, and finally Captain James Hikaru Sulu, and finally Captain James Hikaru Sulu, and finally Captain James T. Kirk. Every character, aside from T. Kirk. Every character, aside from T. Kirk. Every character, aside from Uhura and Sulu, have alternate face Uhura and Sulu, have alternate face Uhura and Sulu, have alternate face prints, and some of these have prints, and some of these have prints, and some of these have accompanying objects that fit the accompanying objects that fit the accompanying objects that fit the character, like a canister of the character, like a canister of the character, like a canister of the lithium crystals for Scotty, an apple lithium crystals for Scotty, an apple lithium crystals for Scotty, an apple spray for McCoy making use of the spray for McCoy making use of the spray for McCoy making use of the regular minifigure syringe, Spock as a regular minifigure syringe, Spock as a regular minifigure syringe, Spock as a tricorder and communicator. The next one tricorder and communicator. The next one tricorder and communicator. The next one of those is also included in the set, of those is also included in the set, of those is also included in the set, printed 1 by 2 tiles by the way. printed 1 by 2 tiles by the way. printed 1 by 2 tiles by the way. Christine has a drink that I'm not Christine has a drink that I'm not Christine has a drink that I'm not entirely sure what could be, and the entirely sure what could be, and the entirely sure what could be, and the crew seems to be dealing with tribbles crew seems to be dealing with tribbles crew seems to be dealing with tribbles at the moment, the sweet and furry at the moment, the sweet and furry at the moment, the sweet and furry fast-breeding creatures that I'm kind of fast-breeding creatures that I'm kind of fast-breeding creatures that I'm kind of scared of since my copy of the set has scared of since my copy of the set has scared of since my copy of the set has two extra beside the ones eaten in the two extra beside the ones eaten in the two extra beside the ones eaten in the main build. The uniforms may seem simple main build. The uniforms may seem simple main build. The uniforms may seem simple and low effort, but if you look close and low effort, but if you look close and low effort, but if you look close enough, you'll even be able to find enough, you'll even be able to find enough, you'll even be able to find departmental insignia on the emblems. departmental insignia on the emblems. departmental insignia on the emblems. So, Lego took all of the opportunities So, Lego took all of the opportunities So, Lego took all of the opportunities they could find for detail here. The they could find for detail here. The they could find for detail here. The bridge build is of course where all of bridge build is of course where all of bridge build is of course where all of these characters fit, which makes it all these characters fit, which makes it all these characters fit, which makes it all a lot more interesting than the stand a lot more interesting than the stand a lot more interesting than the stand last year's Enterprise set had. From a last year's Enterprise set had. From a last year's Enterprise set had. From a building standpoint, I was immediately building standpoint, I was immediately building standpoint, I was immediately drawn to how this was built, not a drawn to how this was built, not a drawn to how this was built, not a perfectly circular arrangement, but perfectly circular arrangement, but perfectly circular arrangement, but close enough making use of inched plates close enough making use of inched plates close enough making use of inched plates to create the necessary angles for then to create the necessary angles for then to create the necessary angles for then the sideways floor sections to be the sideways floor sections to be the sideways floor sections to be attached to. It will be a tedious attached to. It will be a tedious attached to. It will be a tedious process, be warned, but with a good process, be warned, but with a good process, be warned, but with a good payoff, I feel. The color scheme feels payoff, I feel. The color scheme feels payoff, I feel. The color scheme feels spot-on with the gray, black, and that spot-on with the gray, black, and that spot-on with the gray, black, and that new shade of orange with splashes of new shade of orange with splashes of new shade of orange with splashes of sand blue on the back screens there. sand blue on the back screens there. sand blue on the back screens there. These, by the way, are stickers, and the These, by the way, are stickers, and the These, by the way, are stickers, and the set does unfortunately have two massive set does unfortunately have two massive set does unfortunately have two massive sheets of them. Still a fair amount of sheets of them. Still a fair amount of sheets of them. Still a fair amount of prints included, mind you, but man, prints included, mind you, but man, prints included, mind you, but man, right out of the bat you need to apply right out of the bat you need to apply right out of the bat you need to apply 13 of them on bag number one alone. That 13 of them on bag number one alone. That 13 of them on bag number one alone. That was tough. Keen eyed fans will probably was tough. Keen eyed fans will probably was tough. Keen eyed fans will probably recognize some of these decorations recognize some of these decorations recognize some of these decorations here, and I I like the one with a gorn here, and I I like the one with a gorn here, and I I like the one with a gorn in there, perhaps a hint at a future in there, perhaps a hint at a future in there, perhaps a hint at a future minifigure. Now, despite these screens minifigure. Now, despite these screens minifigure. Now, despite these screens being stickers, the control panels below being stickers, the control panels below being stickers, the control panels below are all prints, a set of four elements are all prints, a set of four elements are all prints, a set of four elements repeated on every console, which is kind repeated on every console, which is kind repeated on every console, which is kind of great. There is, however, the caveat of great. There is, however, the caveat of great. There is, however, the caveat that all of these represent engineering that all of these represent engineering that all of these represent engineering consoles, which really doesn't make consoles, which really doesn't make consoles, which really doesn't make sense on Spock's or Uhura's sense on Spock's or Uhura's sense on Spock's or Uhura's communications station. It sells the communications station. It sells the communications station. It sells the look, and I'm not complaining about look, and I'm not complaining about look, and I'm not complaining about prints, but for the hardcore fans, this prints, but for the hardcore fans, this prints, but for the hardcore fans, this might be a little bit off-putting. The might be a little bit off-putting. The might be a little bit off-putting. The way these are placed at an angle was fun way these are placed at an angle was fun way these are placed at an angle was fun to put together. The chairs can to put together. The chairs can to put together. The chairs can comfortably seat our characters and comfortably seat our characters and comfortably seat our characters and rotate in place, and I like how the rotate in place, and I like how the rotate in place, and I like how the designer made it so that the anti-studs designer made it so that the anti-studs designer made it so that the anti-studs are always facing away from us if you are always facing away from us if you are always facing away from us if you turn the seats towards their designated turn the seats towards their designated turn the seats towards their designated consoles for a much better look. The consoles for a much better look. The consoles for a much better look. The navigation and helm stations are navigation and helm stations are navigation and helm stations are slightly different than with a couple slightly different than with a couple slightly different than with a couple more stickers this time around, but that more stickers this time around, but that more stickers this time around, but that too faithfully represent what you should too faithfully represent what you should too faithfully represent what you should expect to find here. The helm function expect to find here. The helm function expect to find here. The helm function panel, the astrogator in the middle, and panel, the astrogator in the middle, and panel, the astrogator in the middle, and the navigator controls to the right. For the navigator controls to the right. For the navigator controls to the right. For brick-built details, we do have the brick-built details, we do have the brick-built details, we do have the weapon targeting scope and a transparent weapon targeting scope and a transparent weapon targeting scope and a transparent cheese slope for the alert system that cheese slope for the alert system that cheese slope for the alert system that can be swapped to yellow or red alert can be swapped to yellow or red alert can be swapped to yellow or red alert with the included slopes stored under with the included slopes stored under with the included slopes stored under the astrogator, which is where we can the astrogator, which is where we can the astrogator, which is where we can find one of the hidden tribbles. And of find one of the hidden tribbles. And of find one of the hidden tribbles. And of course, in the middle of it all, Kirk's course, in the middle of it all, Kirk's course, in the middle of it all, Kirk's command chair with a few more stickers command chair with a few more stickers command chair with a few more stickers for details stuck to the base with a for details stuck to the base with a for details stuck to the base with a ball joint so that it can be tilted to ball joint so that it can be tilted to ball joint so that it can be tilted to replicate the way the crew was thrown replicate the way the crew was thrown replicate the way the crew was thrown around during battle scenes in the show. around during battle scenes in the show. around during battle scenes in the show. The way this connects to the upper level The way this connects to the upper level The way this connects to the upper level of the bridge is very flimsy, just two of the bridge is very flimsy, just two of the bridge is very flimsy, just two sideways studs. So, when transporting sideways studs. So, when transporting sideways studs. So, when transporting the model, you'll need to do it in two the model, you'll need to do it in two the model, you'll need to do it in two turns, which I wasn't that big of a fan turns, which I wasn't that big of a fan turns, which I wasn't that big of a fan of. This could have easily been solved of. This could have easily been solved of. This could have easily been solved by actually adding a floor to this by actually adding a floor to this by actually adding a floor to this entire thing, which LEGO decided not to entire thing, which LEGO decided not to entire thing, which LEGO decided not to do for cost-saving reasons, which I can do for cost-saving reasons, which I can do for cost-saving reasons, which I can get behind. This is, after all, a get behind. This is, after all, a get behind. This is, after all, a display model, so once you set it down, display model, so once you set it down, display model, so once you set it down, you probably shouldn't need to move it you probably shouldn't need to move it you probably shouldn't need to move it all that much. So, there's that. At the all that much. So, there's that. At the all that much. So, there's that. At the end of the bridge room, we obviously end of the bridge room, we obviously end of the bridge room, we obviously have the turbo lift that we can actually have the turbo lift that we can actually have the turbo lift that we can actually open and close you to the use of a very open and close you to the use of a very open and close you to the use of a very smart and simple LEGO Technic mechanism. smart and simple LEGO Technic mechanism. smart and simple LEGO Technic mechanism. If you turn all of these around, you'll If you turn all of these around, you'll If you turn all of these around, you'll notice the back wasn't entirely notice the back wasn't entirely notice the back wasn't entirely dismissed as we can see some of the dismissed as we can see some of the dismissed as we can see some of the colorful wall plant on features, Sulu's colorful wall plant on features, Sulu's colorful wall plant on features, Sulu's fencing foil, and a rack that holds four fencing foil, and a rack that holds four fencing foil, and a rack that holds four phasers, yet another all new element phasers, yet another all new element phasers, yet another all new element included in the set. Five, if you count included in the set. Five, if you count included in the set. Five, if you count the extra. This is where some of the the extra. This is where some of the the extra. This is where some of the other side builds of the set come in other side builds of the set come in other side builds of the set come in with the first being the main view with the first being the main view with the first being the main view screen that shows a Klingon warrior. screen that shows a Klingon warrior. screen that shows a Klingon warrior. Another of the set's stickers with two Another of the set's stickers with two Another of the set's stickers with two more on the sides for detailing. No more on the sides for detailing. No more on the sides for detailing. No space was left unused, so in the back of space was left unused, so in the back of space was left unused, so in the back of these, some interesting items can be these, some interesting items can be these, some interesting items can be found too. Two Vulcan lirpas, something found too. Two Vulcan lirpas, something found too. Two Vulcan lirpas, something that's meant to replicate a trident that's meant to replicate a trident that's meant to replicate a trident scanner without much success, I feel, scanner without much success, I feel, scanner without much success, I feel, and Spock's strange-looking harp. Now, and Spock's strange-looking harp. Now, and Spock's strange-looking harp. Now, as you know, these things should be as you know, these things should be as you know, these things should be placed directly in front of the command placed directly in front of the command placed directly in front of the command module, but that kind of gets in the way module, but that kind of gets in the way module, but that kind of gets in the way and doesn't look amazing. So, LEGO and doesn't look amazing. So, LEGO and doesn't look amazing. So, LEGO suggests you use the connection point suggests you use the connection point suggests you use the connection point included and add these to the side of included and add these to the side of included and add these to the side of the bridge, which is a fair compromise. the bridge, which is a fair compromise. the bridge, which is a fair compromise. The final extra is the transporter room, The final extra is the transporter room, The final extra is the transporter room, perhaps the second most used location of perhaps the second most used location of perhaps the second most used location of the show, which warranted a brick the show, which warranted a brick the show, which warranted a brick version in this set. This is the highest version in this set. This is the highest version in this set. This is the highest sticker invested part of the whole sticker invested part of the whole sticker invested part of the whole model, I'm afraid, as every decoration model, I'm afraid, as every decoration model, I'm afraid, as every decoration you see here is a sticker. That includes you see here is a sticker. That includes you see here is a sticker. That includes the transporter console, the sign to the the transporter console, the sign to the the transporter console, the sign to the left, all of the transporter matrix left, all of the transporter matrix left, all of the transporter matrix panels on the back, and the transporter panels on the back, and the transporter panels on the back, and the transporter pads on the floor. I did intentionally pads on the floor. I did intentionally pads on the floor. I did intentionally forget the screen here as behind it, forget the screen here as behind it, forget the screen here as behind it, when you push this lever, the last of when you push this lever, the last of when you push this lever, the last of hidden tribbles can be found. Besides hidden tribbles can be found. Besides hidden tribbles can be found. Besides all of these, there is one last thing all of these, there is one last thing all of these, there is one last thing worth mentioning, which is the way you worth mentioning, which is the way you worth mentioning, which is the way you can place two minifigures in the pads, can place two minifigures in the pads, can place two minifigures in the pads, ask Scotty to beam you up, and at the ask Scotty to beam you up, and at the ask Scotty to beam you up, and at the turn of a crank in the back, your turn of a crank in the back, your turn of a crank in the back, your minifigures are dematerialized. Pretty minifigures are dematerialized. Pretty minifigures are dematerialized. Pretty sweet function if you ask me. Nothing sweet function if you ask me. Nothing sweet function if you ask me. Nothing too crazy on how it all works too crazy on how it all works too crazy on how it all works underneath, but again, still really cool underneath, but again, still really cool underneath, but again, still really cool to see. Due to the connections present, to see. Due to the connections present, to see. Due to the connections present, you can take the turbo lift and place it you can take the turbo lift and place it you can take the turbo lift and place it next to the transporter room as this next to the transporter room as this next to the transporter room as this thing has matching wall colors for that thing has matching wall colors for that thing has matching wall colors for that purpose. Or alternatively, if you want purpose. Or alternatively, if you want purpose. Or alternatively, if you want to keep all of your display in one to keep all of your display in one to keep all of your display in one chunk, you can just place the chunk, you can just place the chunk, you can just place the transporter room to the left of the transporter room to the left of the transporter room to the left of the bridge. Not show accurate as you know, bridge. Not show accurate as you know, bridge. Not show accurate as you know, but a compromise made to have all bridge but a compromise made to have all bridge but a compromise made to have all bridge adjacent builds together for your adjacent builds together for your adjacent builds together for your viewing pleasure. I can't help but feel viewing pleasure. I can't help but feel viewing pleasure. I can't help but feel that the level of care that was taken that the level of care that was taken that the level of care that was taken into consideration when designing this into consideration when designing this into consideration when designing this set was really high. And I'm saying it set was really high. And I'm saying it set was really high. And I'm saying it as someone that has never watched Star as someone that has never watched Star as someone that has never watched Star Trek. My research for this video showed Trek. My research for this video showed Trek. My research for this video showed me that much, and it wouldn't surprise me that much, and it wouldn't surprise me that much, and it wouldn't surprise me that I still missed a lot of details me that I still missed a lot of details me that I still missed a lot of details and references. Sure, the fact that and references. Sure, the fact that and references. Sure, the fact that there's a floor missing and way too many there's a floor missing and way too many there's a floor missing and way too many stickers on a set that should be stickers on a set that should be stickers on a set that should be considered premium isn't that amazing. considered premium isn't that amazing. considered premium isn't that amazing. Or the fact that this doesn't stay Or the fact that this doesn't stay Or the fact that this doesn't stay together if you want to take it together if you want to take it together if you want to take it somewhere. Price-wise, as much as I like somewhere. Price-wise, as much as I like somewhere. Price-wise, as much as I like seeing the piece count being a clever seeing the piece count being a clever seeing the piece count being a clever Easter egg that references the registry Easter egg that references the registry Easter egg that references the registry number of the Enterprise, this will number of the Enterprise, this will number of the Enterprise, this will still retail for $200, which isn't still retail for $200, which isn't still retail for $200, which isn't terrible, mind you. The Harry Potter terrible, mind you. The Harry Potter terrible, mind you. The Harry Potter Ministry of Magic set I reviewed last Ministry of Magic set I reviewed last Ministry of Magic set I reviewed last week was abysmal in that regard, too. week was abysmal in that regard, too. week was abysmal in that regard, too. But, not great, either. Especially for But, not great, either. Especially for But, not great, either. Especially for the amount of stickers it has. Had it the amount of stickers it has. Had it the amount of stickers it has. Had it all been printed, I think I would be all been printed, I think I would be all been printed, I think I would be fine with 200. But, then again, it fine with 200. But, then again, it fine with 200. But, then again, it aligns with the Enterprise pricing. And aligns with the Enterprise pricing. And aligns with the Enterprise pricing. And considering how well it did last year, considering how well it did last year, considering how well it did last year, Star Trek LEGO starved fans won't Star Trek LEGO starved fans won't Star Trek LEGO starved fans won't probably bat an eye at this, right? probably bat an eye at this, right? probably bat an eye at this, right? Seeing how a year after the Enterprise, Seeing how a year after the Enterprise, Seeing how a year after the Enterprise, there's another Star Trek LEGO product there's another Star Trek LEGO product there's another Star Trek LEGO product coming out, I think Trekkies should have coming out, I think Trekkies should have coming out, I think Trekkies should have reasons to believe this is not going to reasons to believe this is not going to reasons to believe this is not going to stop anytime soon. The question is, what stop anytime soon. The question is, what stop anytime soon. The question is, what will we see next? This will be up for will we see next? This will be up for will we see next? This will be up for grabs on September 1st, the month of grabs on September 1st, the month of grabs on September 1st, the month of Star Trek's 60th anniversary. Clever Star Trek's 60th anniversary. Clever Star Trek's 60th anniversary. Clever move by LEGO, and you can already move by LEGO, and you can already move by LEGO, and you can already pre-order it from the website. Links in pre-order it from the website. Links in pre-order it from the website. Links in the description if you wish to support the description if you wish to support the description if you wish to support my work at no extra cost to you. Thanks my work at no extra cost to you. Thanks my work at no extra cost to you. Thanks for watching. Live long and prosper, and for watching. Live long and prosper, and for watching. Live long and prosper, and I'll see you all on the next one.