To celebrate Star Trek 60th anniversary,
LEGO came up with a shooting way to
celebrate it. The U.S.S. Enterprise
NCC-1701
Bridge, featuring the original crew in
minifigure form. The main parts of the
bridge, plus a few extras, and lots more
that fans of the show will surely be
excited about, but not without some
caveats. So, let's go over everything
this set has to offer, and thank you
LEGO for sending the early review copy.
In your usual fashion, the building
instruction manual will be a nice
throwback with a few show stills, the
LEGO characters' names alongside one of
their quotes, and then the side-by-side
comparison shots between LEGO model and
real set on the last pair of pages that
do help to tell how good of a job was
done in turning the bridge into bricks.
The minifigure selection does capture
most of the core crew in a very nice
way, with a total of eight characters
included. In the science division, we
have Nurse Christine Chapel with her
unique tunic- styled clothing, featuring
dual-molded and printed leg element,
even packing more detail than the
standard uniforms both Dr. Leonard McCoy
and Science Officer Spock use. Spock
here does feature a new hairpiece that
features his Vulcan origin, making him
one of the most recognizable characters
in the lineup. Onto the operations
division, we have Lieutenant Commander
Montgomery Scott and Communications
Officer Lieutenant Nyota Uhura wearing
red. With Uhura having an increased
level of detailing the same way
Christine did, printed dual-molded leg
element, and her communication earpiece
can also be found on her head print.
Finally, on the command division, we
have Navigator Ensign Pavel Chekov,
making use of Stranger Things Will's
hairpiece. Then, Helmsman Lieutenant
Hikaru Sulu, and finally Captain James
T. Kirk. Every character, aside from
Uhura and Sulu, have alternate face
prints, and some of these have
accompanying objects that fit the
character, like a canister of the
lithium crystals for Scotty, an apple
spray for McCoy making use of the
regular minifigure syringe, Spock as a
tricorder and communicator. The next one
of those is also included in the set,
printed 1 by 2 tiles by the way.
Christine has a drink that I'm not
entirely sure what could be, and the
crew seems to be dealing with tribbles
at the moment, the sweet and furry
fast-breeding creatures that I'm kind of
scared of since my copy of the set has
two extra beside the ones eaten in the
main build. The uniforms may seem simple
and low effort, but if you look close
enough, you'll even be able to find
departmental insignia on the emblems.
So, Lego took all of the opportunities
they could find for detail here. The
bridge build is of course where all of
these characters fit, which makes it all
a lot more interesting than the stand
last year's Enterprise set had. From a
building standpoint, I was immediately
drawn to how this was built, not a
perfectly circular arrangement, but
close enough making use of inched plates
to create the necessary angles for then
the sideways floor sections to be
attached to. It will be a tedious
process, be warned, but with a good
payoff, I feel. The color scheme feels
spot-on with the gray, black, and that
new shade of orange with splashes of
sand blue on the back screens there.
These, by the way, are stickers, and the
set does unfortunately have two massive
sheets of them. Still a fair amount of
prints included, mind you, but man,
right out of the bat you need to apply
13 of them on bag number one alone. That
was tough. Keen eyed fans will probably
recognize some of these decorations
here, and I I like the one with a gorn
in there, perhaps a hint at a future
minifigure. Now, despite these screens
being stickers, the control panels below
are all prints, a set of four elements
repeated on every console, which is kind
of great. There is, however, the caveat
that all of these represent engineering
consoles, which really doesn't make
sense on Spock's or Uhura's
communications station. It sells the
look, and I'm not complaining about
prints, but for the hardcore fans, this
might be a little bit off-putting. The
way these are placed at an angle was fun
to put together. The chairs can
comfortably seat our characters and
rotate in place, and I like how the
designer made it so that the anti-studs
are always facing away from us if you
turn the seats towards their designated
consoles for a much better look. The
navigation and helm stations are
slightly different than with a couple
more stickers this time around, but that
too faithfully represent what you should
expect to find here. The helm function
panel, the astrogator in the middle, and
the navigator controls to the right. For
brick-built details, we do have the
weapon targeting scope and a transparent
cheese slope for the alert system that
can be swapped to yellow or red alert
with the included slopes stored under
the astrogator, which is where we can
find one of the hidden tribbles. And of
course, in the middle of it all, Kirk's
command chair with a few more stickers
for details stuck to the base with a
ball joint so that it can be tilted to
replicate the way the crew was thrown
around during battle scenes in the show.
The way this connects to the upper level
of the bridge is very flimsy, just two
sideways studs. So, when transporting
the model, you'll need to do it in two
turns, which I wasn't that big of a fan
of. This could have easily been solved
by actually adding a floor to this
entire thing, which LEGO decided not to
do for cost-saving reasons, which I can
get behind. This is, after all, a
display model, so once you set it down,
you probably shouldn't need to move it
all that much. So, there's that. At the
end of the bridge room, we obviously
have the turbo lift that we can actually
open and close you to the use of a very
smart and simple LEGO Technic mechanism.
If you turn all of these around, you'll
notice the back wasn't entirely
dismissed as we can see some of the
colorful wall plant on features, Sulu's
fencing foil, and a rack that holds four
phasers, yet another all new element
included in the set. Five, if you count
the extra. This is where some of the
other side builds of the set come in
with the first being the main view
screen that shows a Klingon warrior.
Another of the set's stickers with two
more on the sides for detailing. No
space was left unused, so in the back of
these, some interesting items can be
found too. Two Vulcan lirpas, something
that's meant to replicate a trident
scanner without much success, I feel,
and Spock's strange-looking harp. Now,
as you know, these things should be
placed directly in front of the command
module, but that kind of gets in the way
and doesn't look amazing. So, LEGO
suggests you use the connection point
included and add these to the side of
the bridge, which is a fair compromise.
The final extra is the transporter room,
perhaps the second most used location of
the show, which warranted a brick
version in this set. This is the highest
sticker invested part of the whole
model, I'm afraid, as every decoration
you see here is a sticker. That includes
the transporter console, the sign to the
left, all of the transporter matrix
panels on the back, and the transporter
pads on the floor. I did intentionally
forget the screen here as behind it,
when you push this lever, the last of
hidden tribbles can be found. Besides
all of these, there is one last thing
worth mentioning, which is the way you
can place two minifigures in the pads,
ask Scotty to beam you up, and at the
turn of a crank in the back, your
minifigures are dematerialized. Pretty
sweet function if you ask me. Nothing
too crazy on how it all works
underneath, but again, still really cool
to see. Due to the connections present,
you can take the turbo lift and place it
next to the transporter room as this
thing has matching wall colors for that
purpose. Or alternatively, if you want
to keep all of your display in one
chunk, you can just place the
transporter room to the left of the
bridge. Not show accurate as you know,
but a compromise made to have all bridge
adjacent builds together for your
viewing pleasure. I can't help but feel
that the level of care that was taken
into consideration when designing this
set was really high. And I'm saying it
as someone that has never watched Star
Trek. My research for this video showed
me that much, and it wouldn't surprise
me that I still missed a lot of details
and references. Sure, the fact that
there's a floor missing and way too many
stickers on a set that should be
considered premium isn't that amazing.
Or the fact that this doesn't stay
together if you want to take it
somewhere. Price-wise, as much as I like
seeing the piece count being a clever
Easter egg that references the registry
number of the Enterprise, this will
still retail for $200, which isn't
terrible, mind you. The Harry Potter
Ministry of Magic set I reviewed last
week was abysmal in that regard, too.
But, not great, either. Especially for
the amount of stickers it has. Had it
all been printed, I think I would be
fine with 200. But, then again, it
aligns with the Enterprise pricing. And
considering how well it did last year,
Star Trek LEGO starved fans won't
probably bat an eye at this, right?
Seeing how a year after the Enterprise,
there's another Star Trek LEGO product
coming out, I think Trekkies should have
reasons to believe this is not going to
stop anytime soon. The question is, what
will we see next? This will be up for
grabs on September 1st, the month of
Star Trek's 60th anniversary. Clever
move by LEGO, and you can already
pre-order it from the website. Links in
the description if you wish to support
my work at no extra cost to you. Thanks
for watching. Live long and prosper, and
I'll see you all on the next one.
