Hey ji, as soon as you go to the market, first feed me Pani Hey ji, as soon as you go to the market, first feed me Pani Hey ji, as soon as you go to the market, first feed me Pani Puri, if I do Puri, if I do Puri, if I do n't feed you then start by eating Pani Puri once and make up for the n't feed you then start by eating Pani Puri once and make up for the n't feed you then start by eating Pani Puri once and make up for the expenses, expenses, expenses, today I will just eat for ₹20, today I will just eat for ₹20, today I will just eat for ₹20, yes, okay, come on, yes, okay, come on, yes, okay, come on, sit, sit, sit, but in a second I will kill you, come on, I will kill you, come on, I will kill you, come on, say it again, say it again, say it again, wow, what a scene. wow, what a scene. wow, what a scene. What a weather it is. What a weather it is. Oh Lord, Oh Lord, I will have to Oh Lord, Oh Lord, I will have to Oh Lord, Oh Lord, I will have to play your game. play your game. play your game. Hey Baba, I am Hey Baba, I am Hey Baba, I am finished, I am down. Hey, what are you doing in the drain, go quickly wash your face and ears and go to the Hey, what are you doing in the drain, go quickly wash your face and ears and go to the Hey, what are you doing in the drain, go quickly wash your face and ears and go to the market market market Come on, come on, come on, Come on, come on, come on, Come on, come on, come on, brother, feed him Pani Puri too, brother, feed him Pani Puri too, brother, feed him Pani Puri too, yes I should meet you like this, oh my god, I have I should meet you like this, oh my god, I have I should meet you like this, oh my god, I have spoiled your mood, thief thief thief, spoiled your mood, thief thief thief, oh brother, oh my god, you are gone son son son Brother Brother Brother Kalwa, Jai Mahishmate, wait, be Jai Mahishmate, wait, be Jai Mahishmate, wait, be patient patient patient You bastard, thief, give me your purse, give me your purse, get out, You bastard, thief, give me your purse, give me your purse, get out, You bastard, thief, give me your purse, give me your purse, get out, wow, what an acting you are doing, wow, what an acting you are doing, wow, what an acting you are doing, now you have been caught after getting clean, brother, take this ₹20, hey, not ₹20, give me brother, take this ₹20, hey, not ₹20, give me brother, take this ₹20, hey, not ₹20, give me ₹000, I ₹000, I ₹000, I ate ₹000 worth of things, look at that at home, ate ₹000 worth of things, look at that at home, ate ₹000 worth of things, look at that at home, but wait a second, injustice has been done to me.  I have been wronged. injustice has been done to me.  I have been wronged.