Hey, what's going on guys? Beautiful box Hey, what's going on guys? Beautiful box Hey, what's going on guys? Beautiful box art on here as always from Katoki San art on here as always from Katoki San art on here as always from Katoki San with all the markings on there. You do with all the markings on there. You do with all the markings on there. You do love to see water slides, but it is a love to see water slides, but it is a love to see water slides, but it is a rather large water slide decal sheet rather large water slide decal sheet rather large water slide decal sheet here. All right, guys. Here is this here. All right, guys. Here is this here. All right, guys. Here is this massive kit all built up inside. You can massive kit all built up inside. You can massive kit all built up inside. You can open that up. There's our pilot figure open that up. There's our pilot figure open that up. There's our pilot figure in there. Here on the side of the arm in there. Here on the side of the arm in there. Here on the side of the arm while we're here, that opens up and while we're here, that opens up and while we're here, that opens up and [music] we've got missiles there on that [music] we've got missiles there on that [music] we've got missiles there on that side. But obviously our missiles up side. But obviously our missiles up side. But obviously our missiles up there as well. Also here on the chest, there as well. Also here on the chest, there as well. Also here on the chest, this of course opens up as well on both this of course opens up as well on both this of course opens up as well on both sides. of times in Gundam full armor sides. of times in Gundam full armor sides. of times in Gundam full armor doesn't always necessarily mean [music] doesn't always necessarily mean [music] doesn't always necessarily mean [music] full like armor. It's armor and full like armor. It's armor and full like armor. It's armor and armaments like in case of the unicorn armaments like in case of the unicorn armaments like in case of the unicorn for example. People often point out that for example. People often point out that for example. People often point out that it's called full armor unicorn when it it's called full armor unicorn when it it's called full armor unicorn when it doesn't actually add any armor to it. It doesn't actually add any armor to it. It doesn't actually add any armor to it. It just adds a bunch of armaments. Yeah, it just adds a bunch of armaments. Yeah, it just adds a bunch of armaments. Yeah, it is basically like getting the same kit is basically like getting the same kit is basically like getting the same kit again in just a like a kind of a again in just a like a kind of a again in just a like a kind of a different combination. But I have to say different combination. But I have to say different combination. But I have to say if you don't have any of those kits, if you don't have any of those kits, if you don't have any of those kits, then it's [clears throat] definitely a then it's [clears throat] definitely a then it's [clears throat] definitely a great opportunity to pick up this kit. great opportunity to pick up this kit. great opportunity to pick up this kit. The kit on its own is awesome. I mean, I The kit on its own is awesome. I mean, I The kit on its own is awesome. I mean, I guess that is one point worth giving guess that is one point worth giving guess that is one point worth giving Bandai some props for the fact that it's Bandai some props for the fact that it's Bandai some props for the fact that it's not the P-Bandai kit. This kit could not the P-Bandai kit. This kit could not the P-Bandai kit. This kit could have very well been and probably should have very well been and probably should have very well been and probably should have been a premium Bandai release as have been a premium Bandai release as have been a premium Bandai release as well, but the fact that it's not is is a well, but the fact that it's not is is a well, but the fact that it's not is is a nice change of pace every now and then, nice change of pace every now and then, nice change of pace every now and then, so.