So we got sent something by Fender. Guitar makers, music makers, Bluetooth speaker makers. It's a Fender! Bluetooth speaker! I'm so excited. Fender Newport, it looks so amazing. I mean it's based on the kind of 1960s vibe. I love it. I think it looks so good. What I really like about this, before we even touch any controls. Witch hats! It's got witch hat knobs! It is so boss! And all tiny, tiny, switchy thing. It's not a press button. It's not gonna break. It feels solid and it's heavy, which is kind of a drawback for a Bluetooth speaker. I get that. It's not the greatest, but it's fine. I like it. It's okay. It's a Fender. It's okay. It's a Fender. That makes up for all of it. So this thing is actually really jam-packed with some really cool tech. It's got the 4.2 Bluetooth. So it's really smooth when it comes to actually sending a sound. Wait, body trick. When you turn it on, you realize. I mean if everyone... Focus, focus. Focus, focus. Oh! Isn't that just the best turn on sound you've ever heard in your life? Wait. It's connected to the phone. That's awesome. So I'm not connected. I'm going to play not your average songs because you can't do that with a Fender. You need to do something special. And I have something special. Ha ha ha. I have something very, very special. Ha ha. Okay, so this thing is actually really, really loud. But what I love about this thing though... Wait, just listen to me for a second. Okay. Okay, I just had to play Jimmy through a Fender. Ha ha. Life goal ticked. Okay. So the best thing about this thing is because the Fender's musical people that understand music, they actually have dedicated knobs for treble and bass. So you don't have to go into your phone, find the settings, you know, okay, slide this. No, it's got witch hats, like guitar amps. It's amazing. So no matter what song you're listening to, what genre, doesn't matter, you can actually alternate it through the treble and the bass. Witch knot, the top here. Kind of makes you feel like a DJ as well. It's also got a torque function for your phone when you need to torque someone. That's this little button here, that little torque button. The pair, I mean you're trying to pair, which I didn't have to because mine's already connected because I'm awesome like that. And then the blue light showings on and on no switch. What's really cool about this thing though, it lasts really long. I mean Fender said 12 hours, I tried it, it really did last for 12 hours non-stop playing. Okay, it was just under 12 hours and I was blaring it, so that makes sense. But it lasts super super long, it's nice and heavy. Wherever you put it down, it stays there, it fights through exterior noise very well as well. Where I always find a blue speaker where you put it down outside, it tends to get drowned out a lot. This one doesn't do it. It actually seems to fight off all the different noises. Why? Because it's a Fender, it's amazing. So it is a bit pricey when it comes to a blue speaker. You're looking at like three and a half thousand around for this thing, which is for what you're getting, very very good. But there is a lot cheaper ones out there, but they're not as good. And again, it's a Fender, it's amazing. It's also a power bank. So you've got your little things at the back here. So you got your USB in for, sorry USB out charging for power bank, then you've got your AUX in as well, which I'm very very happy about that it's not solely Bluetooth, because maybe you want to connect to something that doesn't actually have Bluetooth connectivity, you know. What do you know? AUX cable. And they even give you an AUX cable. You don't even have to go find your own, because these things are kind of rare nowadays. So this is cool. The charger, I was kind of surprised. It's got a little circular one, not USB. But benefit is, it charges a lot faster. Normal USB is like 5 volts, this thing is 15, somewhere around that. So rule of thumb, don't lose it, because you're not gonna find another one. It's gonna be very hard, everything's USB nowadays. So weird that they did that, but I like it, because now it charges faster. And again, the battery is so powerful that you actually don't want it on the USB charge, because it'll take forever to charge. This thing charges fairly quickly and lasts forever, so it's kind of the best of both worlds. Why? Because it's a vendor.