Aya [screaming sound] It's Aya [screaming sound] It's Aya [screaming sound] It's so hot, take the golas, golas, sweet and sour golas, take the golas, take the golas, golas, sweet and sour golas, take the golas, take the golas, golas, sweet and sour golas, take the golas, children, where is your attention, Raju the children, where is your attention, Raju the children, where is your attention, Raju the gola wala is here, come come eat golas gola wala is here, come come eat golas gola wala is here, come come eat golas Oh wow gola, Oh wow gola, Oh wow gola, I want to eat gola.  Brother, we all also want to eat. I want to eat gola.  Brother, we all also want to eat. I want to eat gola.  Brother, we all also want to eat. Let's go, we're coming. Give me chocolate flavor.  I like the mango Give me chocolate flavor.  I like the mango Give me chocolate flavor.  I like the mango flavor and I like the orange flavor.  Brother, please flavor and I like the orange flavor.  Brother, please flavor and I like the orange flavor.  Brother, please give me black sour cream. give me black sour cream. give me black sour cream. Oh wow matching matching Oh wow matching matching Oh wow matching matching ayo what do you mean beggar lala? ayo what do you mean beggar lala? ayo what do you mean beggar lala? Hey, I will give you the balls but first take out the money. Hey, I will give you the balls but first take out the money. Hey, I will give you the balls but first take out the money. money?  We don't have any money. money?  We don't have any money. money?  We don't have any money. What?  If you don't have money then bring some stuff from your home. What?  If you don't have money then bring some stuff from your home. What?  If you don't have money then bring some stuff from your home. Then I will feed you the ball.   You do Then I will feed you the ball.   You do Then I will feed you the ball.   You do n't get a free ball here.  Get out n't get a free ball here.  Get out n't get a free ball here.  Get out of here. of here. of here. Okay uncle.  I will bring it right away.  Come on.  Everyone should Okay uncle.  I will bring it right away.  Come on.  Everyone should Okay uncle.  I will bring it right away.  Come on.  Everyone should bring some stuff from their home. Oh, I don't have anything but a bowl. Oh, I don't have anything but a bowl. Oh, I don't have anything but a bowl. What should I bring? What should I bring? What should I bring? What should I take to eat Situ Gola? Hey, [screaming sound] Hey, [screaming sound] Hey, [screaming sound] take this. take this. take this. Dad's torn underwear, you Dad's torn underwear, you Dad's torn underwear, you won't even get a torn ball from this. Idea. I [laughter] Oh, I have to find something that Oh, I have to find something that Oh, I have to find something that I can sell to buy a whole shell store. I can sell to buy a whole shell store. I can sell to buy a whole shell store. Idea: Hey, how did this gas stop?  I had brought it filled only yesterday. Hey, how did this gas stop?  I had brought it filled only yesterday. Oh my cylinder Oh my cylinder Oh my cylinder Uncle, take this tyre and give us the ball quickly. Uncle, take this tyre and give us the ball quickly. Uncle, take this tyre and give us the ball quickly. Yes uncle, give us the ball also.  Come here, take this, wow, what a Yes uncle, give us the ball also.  Come here, take this, wow, what a gold chain.  How many balls will you gold chain.  How many balls will you gold chain.  How many balls will you eat? eat? eat? Come, give me two balls. Come, give me two balls. Come, give me two balls. What a crazy kid.  He will What a crazy kid.  He will What a crazy kid.  He will eat only two shells in exchange for the gold chain.  [laughter] Hey, who took the auto rickshaw tyre? Hey, who took the auto rickshaw tyre? Hey, who took the auto rickshaw tyre? Once I catch the thief, I will break his bones. Once I catch the thief, I will break his bones. Who the hell took my fan in this heat Who the hell took my fan in this heat Who the hell took my fan in this heat ?  I will not leave him. Hey, where is my gold chain? Hey, where is my gold chain? Hey, where is my gold chain? Uncle and two.  Uncle, give me two more.  Oh, it is very tasty. Uncle and two.  Uncle, give me two more.  Oh, it is very tasty. Uncle and two.  Uncle, give me two more.  Oh, it is very tasty. And two more. Mother, hey, the one selling the golas, take my stuff and feed hey, the one selling the golas, take my stuff and feed hey, the one selling the golas, take my stuff and feed me golas too. You took me golas too. You took me golas too. You took so long, by the time Maharaj came, all the golas were so long, by the time Maharaj came, all the golas were so long, by the time Maharaj came, all the golas were finished. finished. finished. What?  [laughter] What?  [laughter] What?  [laughter] Oh, this heartless, shameless puppy just Oh, this heartless, shameless puppy just Oh, this heartless, shameless puppy just ate the ball of his entire life today.  First of all, you should have left the ate the ball of his entire life today.  First of all, you should have left the ate the ball of his entire life today.  First of all, you should have left the beggar, leave the red ball and run away from here, beggar, leave the red ball and run away from here, beggar, leave the red ball and run away from here, look behind, [screaming sound] brother, leave him, look behind us, father, father, father, hey, our father is also coming, come mother, run, hey, our father is also coming, come mother, run, hey, our father is also coming, come mother, run, run, there is the tyre of my auto rickshaw. Mother, my gold chain.  If he steals from Mother, my gold chain.  If he steals from Mother, my gold chain.  If he steals from you, then hey hey, I did not steal.  Hey you, then hey hey, I did not steal.  Hey you, then hey hey, I did not steal.  Hey hey wait hey hey hey this beggar hey wait hey hey hey this beggar hey wait hey hey hey this beggar stole my cylinder.  Take this, take this.  Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, stole my cylinder.  Take this, take this.  Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, stole my cylinder.  Take this, take this.  Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, no, oh my god, I no, oh my god, I no, oh my god, I broke the Murjapurja by hitting it so hard that I did broke the Murjapurja by hitting it so hard that I did broke the Murjapurja by hitting it so hard that I did n't even get a single bullet from it [laughs], brother.