Aya [screaming sound] It's
so hot,
take the golas, golas, sweet and sour golas, take the golas,
children, where is your attention, Raju the
gola wala is here, come come eat golas
Oh wow gola,
I want to eat gola. Brother, we all also want to eat.
Let's go, we're coming.
Give me chocolate flavor. I like the mango
flavor and I like the orange flavor. Brother, please
give me black sour cream.
Oh wow matching matching
ayo what do you mean beggar lala?
Hey, I will give you the balls but first take out the money.
money? We don't have any money.
What? If you don't have money then bring some stuff from your home.
Then I will feed you the ball. You do
n't get a free ball here. Get out
of here.
Okay uncle. I will bring it right away. Come on. Everyone should
bring some stuff from their home.
Oh, I don't have anything but a bowl.
What should I bring?
What should I take to eat Situ Gola?
Hey, [screaming sound]
take this.
Dad's torn underwear, you
won't even get a torn ball from this.
Idea.
I [laughter]
Oh, I have to find something that
I can sell to buy a whole shell store.
Idea:
Hey, how did this gas stop? I had brought it filled only yesterday.
Oh my cylinder
Uncle, take this tyre and give us the ball quickly.
Yes uncle, give us the ball also. Come here, take this, wow, what a
gold chain. How many balls will you
eat?
Come, give me two balls.
What a crazy kid. He will
eat only two shells in exchange for the gold chain. [laughter]
Hey, who took the auto rickshaw tyre?
Once I catch the thief, I will break his bones.
Who the hell took my fan in this heat
? I will not leave him.
Hey, where is my gold chain?
Uncle and two. Uncle, give me two more. Oh, it is very tasty.
And two more.
Mother,
hey, the one selling the golas, take my stuff and feed
me golas too. You took
so long, by the time Maharaj came, all the golas were
finished.
What? [laughter]
Oh, this heartless, shameless puppy just
ate the ball of his entire life today. First of all, you should have left the
beggar, leave the red ball and run away from here,
look behind, [screaming sound]
brother, leave him, look behind us,
father,
hey, our father is also coming, come mother, run,
run, there is the
tyre of my auto rickshaw.
Mother, my gold chain. If he steals from
you, then hey hey, I did not steal. Hey
hey wait hey hey hey this beggar
stole my cylinder. Take this, take this. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god,
no, oh my god, I
broke the Murjapurja by hitting it so hard that I did
n't even get a single bullet from it
[laughs], brother.
