Filler paper [music] Filler paper [music] Filler paper [music] GPA up to so at Target. These are my F. GPA up to so at Target. These are my F. GPA up to so at Target. These are my F. It's time. It's time. It's time. Not that time. It's back to school time. Not that time. It's back to school time. Not that time. It's back to school time. Back to school has officially defrosted. Back to school has officially defrosted. Back to school has officially defrosted. It's been defrosted. I'm just now It's been defrosted. I'm just now It's been defrosted. I'm just now getting school supplies. Of course, I getting school supplies. Of course, I getting school supplies. Of course, I have to wait till the last minute. Open have to wait till the last minute. Open have to wait till the last minute. Open house for school is tomorrow. I got my house for school is tomorrow. I got my house for school is tomorrow. I got my schedule today. I'm a little bit gagged schedule today. I'm a little bit gagged schedule today. I'm a little bit gagged by my schedule. Some of the classes I by my schedule. Some of the classes I by my schedule. Some of the classes I didn't even pick and they just threw me didn't even pick and they just threw me didn't even pick and they just threw me in them. I never knew that I'd be taking in them. I never knew that I'd be taking in them. I never knew that I'd be taking an engineering class in my entire life, an engineering class in my entire life, an engineering class in my entire life, but here I am. And what's the school but here I am. And what's the school but here I am. And what's the school supplies do you even get for that? So, supplies do you even get for that? So, supplies do you even get for that? So, this is going to be an interesting this is going to be an interesting this is going to be an interesting adventure. We have a couple stores that adventure. We have a couple stores that adventure. We have a couple stores that we're going to visit and hopefully we're going to visit and hopefully we're going to visit and hopefully everything isn't sold out cuz it everything isn't sold out cuz it everything isn't sold out cuz it probably will be. probably will be. probably will be. Should I hard launch my belly button Should I hard launch my belly button Should I hard launch my belly button piercing to the vlog? Do you guys like it? I like it. [music] Do you guys like it? I like it. [music] Do you guys like it? I like it. [music] It didn't even hurt you guys. I was so It didn't even hurt you guys. I was so It didn't even hurt you guys. I was so scared of it and everyone was saying, scared of it and everyone was saying, scared of it and everyone was saying, "Oh my god, 10,000 out [music] of 10." I "Oh my god, 10,000 out [music] of 10." I "Oh my god, 10,000 out [music] of 10." I got to the piercing shop. There was so got to the piercing shop. There was so got to the piercing shop. There was so much drama because I went to one much drama because I went to one much drama because I went to one piercing shop and they said I didn't piercing shop and they said I didn't piercing shop and they said I didn't have the right anatomy and I was like, have the right anatomy and I was like, have the right anatomy and I was like, "I know you're lying [music] because "I know you're lying [music] because "I know you're lying [music] because I've seen so many people get it with my I've seen so many people get it with my I've seen so many people get it with my anatomy." So, I went to another shop and anatomy." So, I went to another shop and anatomy." So, I went to another shop and they were like, "That person was wrong. they were like, "That person was wrong. they were like, "That person was wrong. You do have the right anatomy." I'm You do have the right anatomy." I'm You do have the right anatomy." I'm like, "Yes, wait, now I have to do like, "Yes, wait, now I have to do like, "Yes, wait, now I have to do actual piercing." It was the easiest actual piercing." It was the easiest actual piercing." It was the easiest piercing ever. And [music] piercing ever. And [music] piercing ever. And [music] scientifically, it's supposed to be the scientifically, it's supposed to be the scientifically, it's supposed to be the second least most painful least painful. second least most painful least painful. second least most painful least painful. And it literally was a 2 out of [music] And it literally was a 2 out of [music] And it literally was a 2 out of [music] 10. It didn't hurt really at all. I was 10. It didn't hurt really at all. I was 10. It didn't hurt really at all. I was just psyched for no reason. And now I just psyched for no reason. And now I just psyched for no reason. And now I have a beautiful diamonds in my belly have a beautiful diamonds in my belly have a beautiful diamonds in my belly button or titanium. [music] Same thing. Here we are. Here we are. Here we are. Where did that go? Oh, >> so if I have eight classes, let's think >> so if I have eight classes, let's think >> so if I have eight classes, let's think of the classes I have. AP modern, I'm of the classes I have. AP modern, I'm of the classes I have. AP modern, I'm definitely going to need a binder for definitely going to need a binder for definitely going to need a binder for that one. Geometry. I feel like I'm that one. Geometry. I feel like I'm that one. Geometry. I feel like I'm going to need that, too. For science, going to need that, too. For science, going to need that, too. For science, English, English, English, I can use notebooks, but I didn't even I can use notebooks, but I didn't even I can use notebooks, but I didn't even use my freaking notebook for English use my freaking notebook for English use my freaking notebook for English last year. I just used my folder. Maybe last year. I just used my folder. Maybe last year. I just used my folder. Maybe I'll get like three notebooks just to I'll get like three notebooks just to I'll get like three notebooks just to [music] be safe. Oh, wait. They have [music] be safe. Oh, wait. They have [music] be safe. Oh, wait. They have turquoise. Maybe I can get one pink, one turquoise. Maybe I can get one pink, one turquoise. Maybe I can get one pink, one turquoise, and another one pink. The turquoise, and another one pink. The turquoise, and another one pink. The turquoise ones can be science, but I turquoise ones can be science, but I turquoise ones can be science, but I can't reach it. Purple, >> pink. Think about it. Last year, I had a >> pink. Think about it. Last year, I had a >> pink. Think about it. Last year, I had a bunch of paper. I think I'll definitely bunch of paper. I think I'll definitely bunch of paper. I think I'll definitely be able to fit a folder if I keep it be able to fit a folder if I keep it be able to fit a folder if I keep it organized and I empty out the work that organized and I empty out the work that organized and I empty out the work that I finish and like re like take out the I finish and like re like take out the I finish and like re like take out the papers I don't need anymore. Then this papers I don't need anymore. Then this papers I don't need anymore. Then this [music] will definitely fit everything. [music] will definitely fit everything. [music] will definitely fit everything. I think I'm going to get two of those. I think I'm going to get two of those. I think I'm going to get two of those. Oh yeah, maybe I can get like stickers. Oh yeah, maybe I can get like stickers. Oh yeah, maybe I can get like stickers. I have so many stickers in like my I have so many stickers in like my I have so many stickers in like my decorate. decorate. decorate. I think I want to get these. These are I think I want to get these. These are I think I want to get these. These are cute. Wait, where do I want [music] to cute. Wait, where do I want [music] to cute. Wait, where do I want [music] to get these? You know, I like these specific pen I must use. It's a Pilot specific pen I must use. It's a Pilot specific pen I must use. It's a Pilot G10. Do you think when it comes to G10. Do you think when it comes to G10. Do you think when it comes to school supplies, I'm going to need like school supplies, I'm going to need like school supplies, I'm going to need like colored pencils? Do you think we're colored pencils? Do you think we're colored pencils? Do you think we're going to be getting artsy or going to be getting artsy or going to be getting artsy or highlighters? [music] I want cute ones. highlighters? [music] I want cute ones. highlighters? [music] I want cute ones. Maybe Target will have those. Maybe Target will have those. Maybe Target will have those. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Okay. >> Get this one. Or do you think I should >> Get this one. Or do you think I should >> Get this one. Or do you think I should get get get this one, which is like Oh, they were this one, which is like Oh, they were this one, which is like Oh, they were just they were just in between each just they were just in between each just they were just in between each other. I thought they were different. other. I thought they were different. other. I thought they were different. Wait, so I get these two? Do y'all think Wait, so I get these two? Do y'all think Wait, so I get these two? Do y'all think [music] these are cute or should I just [music] these are cute or should I just [music] these are cute or should I just get white to be basic? get white to be basic? get white to be basic? [snorts] Guys, look how cute. I like [snorts] Guys, look how cute. I like [snorts] Guys, look how cute. I like pastel. pastel. pastel. I I like I like them all. I like the colors, too. It's a colorful I like the colors, too. It's a colorful I like the colors, too. It's a colorful year. I always look at staples cuz these I always look at staples cuz these I always look at staples cuz these colors are not they're not matching the colors are not they're not matching the colors are not they're not matching the pastel. They're too pastel. They're too pastel. They're too bright. [laughter] Oh, Walmart is done, Zel, you guys. So, it's Walmart is done, Zel, you guys. So, it's Walmart is done, Zel, you guys. So, it's time to go into time to go into time to go into Target. I don't know why I'm back Target. I don't know why I'm back Target. I don't know why I'm back shopping at Target. I just am. They have shopping at Target. I just am. They have shopping at Target. I just am. They have good school supplies. They have good good school supplies. They have good good school supplies. They have good everything. tried to boycott it forever. everything. tried to boycott it forever. everything. tried to boycott it forever. And I still believe in why I boycotted And I still believe in why I boycotted And I still believe in why I boycotted it. I only come here for essentials. I it. I only come here for essentials. I it. I only come here for essentials. I don't go here just for fun. But yeah, don't go here just for fun. But yeah, don't go here just for fun. But yeah, guys, let's let's enter Target. Watch me guys, let's let's enter Target. Watch me guys, let's let's enter Target. Watch me pull up in this. Guys, I'm looking for pull up in this. Guys, I'm looking for pull up in this. Guys, I'm looking for [music] a Spider-Man shirt because I [music] a Spider-Man shirt because I [music] a Spider-Man shirt because I need [clears throat] like a Spider-Man need [clears throat] like a Spider-Man need [clears throat] like a Spider-Man baby because I'm going to see Brand New baby because I'm going to see Brand New baby because I'm going to see Brand New [music] Day today with my like friends. [music] Day today with my like friends. [music] Day today with my like friends. And I want to be really cute and have a And I want to be really cute and have a And I want to be really cute and have a cute little Spider-Man cute little Spider-Man cute little Spider-Man tank top though. >> 5T 3. 5T. Y'all [music] think 5T is >> 5T 3. 5T. Y'all [music] think 5T is >> 5T 3. 5T. Y'all [music] think 5T is going to fit me? I think 5T could going to fit me? I think 5T could going to fit me? I think 5T could probably fit me. Guys, this will for probably fit me. Guys, this will for probably fit me. Guys, this will for sure fit. sure fit. sure fit. I think I could even go smaller. I need I think I could even go smaller. I need I think I could even go smaller. I need it to be tight, though. That still looks it to be tight, though. That still looks it to be tight, though. That still looks like pretty big. I think it'll fit. I swear this is a I think it'll fit. I swear this is a I think it'll fit. I swear this is a good size. This is a really good size. I good size. This is a really good size. I good size. This is a really good size. I think this is my um my shirt. think this is my um my shirt. think this is my um my shirt. >> You know Bad Buddy in the new [music] >> You know Bad Buddy in the new [music] >> You know Bad Buddy in the new [music] Spider-Man? Spider-Man? Spider-Man? >> Yeah, I do. Boo. >> Yeah, I do. Boo. >> Yeah, I do. Boo. See, I'm going be like, guys, I think See, I'm going be like, guys, I think See, I'm going be like, guys, I think it's cute. it's cute. it's cute. >> Okay, >> Okay, >> Okay, >> it's just the head hole is a little >> it's just the head hole is a little >> it's just the head hole is a little small, but it'll work. small, but it'll work. small, but it'll work. >> I think Love Check Fancy is a little bit >> I think Love Check Fancy is a little bit >> I think Love Check Fancy is a little bit too overboard for me. I think I need a too overboard for me. I think I need a too overboard for me. I think I need a little bit more to Okay, so this is like little bit more to Okay, so this is like little bit more to Okay, so this is like locker stuff. I'm not really a fan of locker stuff. I'm not really a fan of locker stuff. I'm not really a fan of like the color patterns you got going like the color patterns you got going like the color patterns you got going on. Have a cute backpack, girl. But I on. Have a cute backpack, girl. But I on. Have a cute backpack, girl. But I have my school bag. I'm happy. So, what have my school bag. I'm happy. So, what have my school bag. I'm happy. So, what do we need here? We need folders and I do we need here? We need folders and I do we need here? We need folders and I need pens. Let me know if you see need pens. Let me know if you see need pens. Let me know if you see [music] pilot. Oh, I see pilot. These [music] pilot. Oh, I see pilot. These [music] pilot. Oh, I see pilot. These other colors are just too vibrant. I other colors are just too vibrant. I other colors are just too vibrant. I can't. So, I think it will match like can't. So, I think it will match like can't. So, I think it will match like the color scheme more if I get. Okay, so the color scheme more if I get. Okay, so the color scheme more if I get. Okay, so I just want to get a folder for every I just want to get a folder for every I just want to get a folder for every class. Plan is guys, we got some class. Plan is guys, we got some class. Plan is guys, we got some folders, like [music] seven of them. I folders, like [music] seven of them. I folders, like [music] seven of them. I got my little shirt and I'm just trying got my little shirt and I'm just trying got my little shirt and I'm just trying to get the baseline stuff. We're about to get the baseline stuff. We're about to get the baseline stuff. We're about to go to the front and get my favorite to go to the front and get my favorite to go to the front and get my favorite pens so [music] that I can have all that pens so [music] that I can have all that pens so [music] that I can have all that kind of stuff. But I do have a lot of kind of stuff. But I do have a lot of kind of stuff. But I do have a lot of stuff from last year that I also kept stuff from last year that I also kept stuff from last year that I also kept for the school year because I tried to for the school year because I tried to for the school year because I tried to like keep them with me and not like give like keep them with me and not like give like keep them with me and not like give my pencils [music] out to everybody my pencils [music] out to everybody my pencils [music] out to everybody because in eighth grade I did that and I because in eighth grade I did that and I because in eighth grade I did that and I literally ended the year with not a literally ended the year with not a literally ended the year with not a single pencil and having to borrow single pencil and having to borrow single pencil and having to borrow everyone else's pencils. [music] And everyone else's pencils. [music] And everyone else's pencils. [music] And also tomorrow the open house they're also tomorrow the open house they're also tomorrow the open house they're going to let us know like what supplies going to let us know like what supplies going to let us know like what supplies we're going to need so we can come back we're going to need so we can come back we're going to need so we can come back and get more stuff. [music] >> Bolt 1 mm. >> Bolt 1 mm. >> Bolt 1 mm. >> Well, now that we got a planner, [music] >> Well, now that we got a planner, [music] >> Well, now that we got a planner, [music] do we really need to go to stables? That do we really need to go to stables? That do we really need to go to stables? That is cute. But I like the kind of color is cute. But I like the kind of color is cute. But I like the kind of color scheme I have going on. [music] I'm a little bit sick under the weather. I'm a little bit sick under the weather. I'm a little bit sick under the weather. My throat was tatling at the beginning My throat was tatling at the beginning My throat was tatling at the beginning of this video and now I'm actually sick of this video and now I'm actually sick of this video and now I'm actually sick and I'm coughing and sneezing and not and I'm coughing and sneezing and not and I'm coughing and sneezing and not being able to be breathing. Ooh, think being able to be breathing. Ooh, think being able to be breathing. Ooh, think that kind of rhymed. Bars. But yeah, you that kind of rhymed. Bars. But yeah, you that kind of rhymed. Bars. But yeah, you guys, I need to give you this back to guys, I need to give you this back to guys, I need to give you this back to school haul of all of my supplies. Mind school haul of all of my supplies. Mind school haul of all of my supplies. Mind you, I still have stuff from last year you, I still have stuff from last year you, I still have stuff from last year that I have like index cards, sticky that I have like index cards, sticky that I have like index cards, sticky notes, also pencils, and other stuff. notes, also pencils, and other stuff. notes, also pencils, and other stuff. So, if you're wondering, Kennedy, why So, if you're wondering, Kennedy, why So, if you're wondering, Kennedy, why are you missing half of your school are you missing half of your school are you missing half of your school supplies? It's because I have them from supplies? It's because I have them from supplies? It's because I have them from last year. I just wanted to kind of get last year. I just wanted to kind of get last year. I just wanted to kind of get the the fundamentals. Since I filmed the the the fundamentals. Since I filmed the the the fundamentals. Since I filmed the beginning of this video, we actually had beginning of this video, we actually had beginning of this video, we actually had our back to school open house, so I was our back to school open house, so I was our back to school open house, so I was able to go visit all my teachers, see my able to go visit all my teachers, see my able to go visit all my teachers, see my school supply list, and I took pictures school supply list, and I took pictures school supply list, and I took pictures of all of them, and it seems like I'm of all of them, and it seems like I'm of all of them, and it seems like I'm pretty secured when it comes to classes. pretty secured when it comes to classes. pretty secured when it comes to classes. I'm happy with the amount of things that I'm happy with the amount of things that I'm happy with the amount of things that I got. It's kind of perfect, and it fits I got. It's kind of perfect, and it fits I got. It's kind of perfect, and it fits everything, and it's going to be great. everything, and it's going to be great. everything, and it's going to be great. It's going to be cute. It's going to be It's going to be cute. It's going to be It's going to be cute. It's going to be light and cute. But yeah, let's get into light and cute. But yeah, let's get into light and cute. But yeah, let's get into this haul. My bag's laid out here on the this haul. My bag's laid out here on the this haul. My bag's laid out here on the floor. It's not too much, but it's also floor. It's not too much, but it's also floor. It's not too much, but it's also not a small amount. Yeah, let's get into not a small amount. Yeah, let's get into not a small amount. Yeah, let's get into it. I got this really cute three- ring it. I got this really cute three- ring it. I got this really cute three- ring binder. Simple. It's purple. I got them binder. Simple. It's purple. I got them binder. Simple. It's purple. I got them in multiple colors. This year, I will in multiple colors. This year, I will in multiple colors. This year, I will admit, is a very colorful school supply admit, is a very colorful school supply admit, is a very colorful school supply season, and I'm happy about it. It's got season, and I'm happy about it. It's got season, and I'm happy about it. It's got like a pastel, white, beiges, nudes, all like a pastel, white, beiges, nudes, all like a pastel, white, beiges, nudes, all that kind of theme, light colors. I like that kind of theme, light colors. I like that kind of theme, light colors. I like it, but honestly, very pastely. It'll it, but honestly, very pastely. It'll it, but honestly, very pastely. It'll fit all my stuff. I just need to like fit all my stuff. I just need to like fit all my stuff. I just need to like think of what binder is going to be for think of what binder is going to be for think of what binder is going to be for what subject. So, I need to organize what subject. So, I need to organize what subject. So, I need to organize that. Maybe I'll put stickers and that. Maybe I'll put stickers and that. Maybe I'll put stickers and labels. labels. labels. Wait, I kind of like back to school. I'm Wait, I kind of like back to school. I'm Wait, I kind of like back to school. I'm kind of excited. Getting into notebooks. kind of excited. Getting into notebooks. kind of excited. Getting into notebooks. I have three notebooks that I got. And I I have three notebooks that I got. And I I have three notebooks that I got. And I think it'll be cool because I got kind think it'll be cool because I got kind think it'll be cool because I got kind of like similar colors to the binders. of like similar colors to the binders. of like similar colors to the binders. So, maybe like this purple one can be So, maybe like this purple one can be So, maybe like this purple one can be for the same subject as the purple for the same subject as the purple for the same subject as the purple binder. I don't know. I'll kind of binder. I don't know. I'll kind of binder. I don't know. I'll kind of figure that out. But I got three figure that out. But I got three figure that out. But I got three notebooks and they're all in cute notebooks and they're all in cute notebooks and they're all in cute colors. I got this purple one. I got colors. I got this purple one. I got colors. I got this purple one. I got this cyan/turquoisey this cyan/turquoisey this cyan/turquoisey teal one. Love this color. This is teal one. Love this color. This is teal one. Love this color. This is actually my year of birth color, which I actually my year of birth color, which I actually my year of birth color, which I think is really cool. It's like teal. think is really cool. It's like teal. think is really cool. It's like teal. And then I got, of course, a classic And then I got, of course, a classic And then I got, of course, a classic pink notebook because I love pink and pink notebook because I love pink and pink notebook because I love pink and pink is my favorite color. And I feel pink is my favorite color. And I feel pink is my favorite color. And I feel like having cute school supplies like having cute school supplies like having cute school supplies motivates me to want to do cute school motivates me to want to do cute school motivates me to want to do cute school stuff [music] and get good grades. I stuff [music] and get good grades. I stuff [music] and get good grades. I honestly think if I get anything under a honestly think if I get anything under a honestly think if I get anything under a 95, I failed. Maybe just a mental thing, 95, I failed. Maybe just a mental thing, 95, I failed. Maybe just a mental thing, but I think it's a good thing. Oh, my but I think it's a good thing. Oh, my but I think it's a good thing. Oh, my hair's actually like flat in the back. hair's actually like flat in the back. hair's actually like flat in the back. Who was going to tell me? Why don't you Who was going to tell me? Why don't you Who was going to tell me? Why don't you guys tell me? Okay, moving on. I got guys tell me? Okay, moving on. I got guys tell me? Okay, moving on. I got these really cute mechanical pencils and these really cute mechanical pencils and these really cute mechanical pencils and they look very pastely rainbow. I like they look very pastely rainbow. I like they look very pastely rainbow. I like them a lot. They have the erasers that them a lot. They have the erasers that them a lot. They have the erasers that go with them. It's kind of like a DIY go with them. It's kind of like a DIY go with them. It's kind of like a DIY moment. Why they got the erasers moment. Why they got the erasers moment. Why they got the erasers separated from the pencils? Okay, separated from the pencils? Okay, separated from the pencils? Okay, Papermate, build your own pencil, I Papermate, build your own pencil, I Papermate, build your own pencil, I guess. guess. guess. Moving on. This is a big bag. This one's Moving on. This is a big bag. This one's Moving on. This is a big bag. This one's got a lot. Okay. Yes, I got this binder got a lot. Okay. Yes, I got this binder got a lot. Okay. Yes, I got this binder right here. It's white. Cute. three- right here. It's white. Cute. three- right here. It's white. Cute. three- ring binder. I need to figure out what ring binder. I need to figure out what ring binder. I need to figure out what subject this is going to be for. I only subject this is going to be for. I only subject this is going to be for. I only got two binders, which is completely got two binders, which is completely got two binders, which is completely okay because I think I only need [music] okay because I think I only need [music] okay because I think I only need [music] two binders. two binders. two binders. Everything else, I think I can use a Everything else, I think I can use a Everything else, I think I can use a folder in a notebook or just some loose folder in a notebook or just some loose folder in a notebook or just some loose leaf, which I think is going to be good. leaf, which I think is going to be good. leaf, which I think is going to be good. Speaking of loose leaf, I got two packs Speaking of loose leaf, I got two packs Speaking of loose leaf, I got two packs of loose leaf filler paper. I'm going to of loose leaf filler paper. I'm going to of loose leaf filler paper. I'm going to put them inside of my binders and then put them inside of my binders and then put them inside of my binders and then I'm going to put the folder inside of I'm going to put the folder inside of I'm going to put the folder inside of the binder. So then it's kind of like a the binder. So then it's kind of like a the binder. So then it's kind of like a paper and folder moment, which we love. paper and folder moment, which we love. paper and folder moment, which we love. I did that last year and it honestly was I did that last year and it honestly was I did that last year and it honestly was so convenient. I did it for my math work so convenient. I did it for my math work so convenient. I did it for my math work and I did it for my history work. and I did it for my history work. and I did it for my history work. Especially for my history work, it was Especially for my history work, it was Especially for my history work, it was really convenient because I could take really convenient because I could take really convenient because I could take all of my notes on the loose leaf and all of my notes on the loose leaf and all of my notes on the loose leaf and then I could put all of the assignments then I could put all of the assignments then I could put all of the assignments into the folder and it was really really into the folder and it was really really into the folder and it was really really convenient for me. And that class convenient for me. And that class convenient for me. And that class honestly became one of my favorite honestly became one of my favorite honestly became one of my favorite classes because I felt so like classes because I felt so like classes because I felt so like organized. I'm not feeling very organized. I'm not feeling very organized. I'm not feeling very organized right now though because I'm organized right now though because I'm organized right now though because I'm sick. Okay, this isn't necessarily for sick. Okay, this isn't necessarily for sick. Okay, this isn't necessarily for school. This is a charging cable because school. This is a charging cable because school. This is a charging cable because funny story I think I like sat on my funny story I think I like sat on my funny story I think I like sat on my computer charger and that computer computer charger and that computer computer charger and that computer charger is the same charger I used to charger is the same charger I used to charger is the same charger I used to charge my iPad and my phone and my charge my iPad and my phone and my charge my iPad and my phone and my computer. So I think I sat on it and it computer. So I think I sat on it and it computer. So I think I sat on it and it broke a little bit and then it was just broke a little bit and then it was just broke a little bit and then it was just open wiring. I continued to use it and open wiring. I continued to use it and open wiring. I continued to use it and then my dad just completely confiscated then my dad just completely confiscated then my dad just completely confiscated it for me because he was like Kennedy it for me because he was like Kennedy it for me because he was like Kennedy you cannot use this anymore. You're you cannot use this anymore. You're you cannot use this anymore. You're going to start a fire. So now I have no going to start a fire. So now I have no going to start a fire. So now I have no charger and I've just been hopping charger and I've just been hopping charger and I've just been hopping around the house trying to find a around the house trying to find a around the house trying to find a charger to use on all of my devices. So charger to use on all of my devices. So charger to use on all of my devices. So no more do we have to do this. I got no more do we have to do this. I got no more do we have to do this. I got this Heyday charging cable and it's pink this Heyday charging cable and it's pink this Heyday charging cable and it's pink and it's a 10 ft cord. Moving on to back and it's a 10 ft cord. Moving on to back and it's a 10 ft cord. Moving on to back to like actual school supply. Sorry, I to like actual school supply. Sorry, I to like actual school supply. Sorry, I got a little distracted. Look at these got a little distracted. Look at these got a little distracted. Look at these highlighters, you guys. They're super highlighters, you guys. They're super highlighters, you guys. They're super cute. I feel like they're really dainty. cute. I feel like they're really dainty. cute. I feel like they're really dainty. They're all in the pasty colors to match They're all in the pasty colors to match They're all in the pasty colors to match like my folders and my binders and all like my folders and my binders and all like my folders and my binders and all that kind of stuff. I really like it. that kind of stuff. I really like it. that kind of stuff. I really like it. These are going to be nice to go in my These are going to be nice to go in my These are going to be nice to go in my little pencil case if I need to little pencil case if I need to little pencil case if I need to highlight something in AP SEM and AP highlight something in AP SEM and AP highlight something in AP SEM and AP Modern World History, which are the Modern World History, which are the Modern World History, which are the classes that I'm taking this year. I classes that I'm taking this year. I classes that I'm taking this year. I don't know why I decided to take AP SEM. don't know why I decided to take AP SEM. don't know why I decided to take AP SEM. Apparently, it's very, very hard. And Apparently, it's very, very hard. And Apparently, it's very, very hard. And for these AP exams, I've also heard for these AP exams, I've also heard for these AP exams, I've also heard they're very hard. So, I'm going to be they're very hard. So, I'm going to be they're very hard. So, I'm going to be taking a lot of notes. And apparently, taking a lot of notes. And apparently, taking a lot of notes. And apparently, they don't guide you with the notes. You they don't guide you with the notes. You they don't guide you with the notes. You just have to take notes like a college just have to take notes like a college just have to take notes like a college class. So, I'm a little bit scared. This class. So, I'm a little bit scared. This class. So, I'm a little bit scared. This is my first AP class, but it's going to is my first AP class, but it's going to is my first AP class, but it's going to be all good. I'm trying to get this on be all good. I'm trying to get this on be all good. I'm trying to get this on my, you know, college record. It's going my, you know, college record. It's going my, you know, college record. It's going to be great. Got to keep that GPA up, to be great. Got to keep that GPA up, to be great. Got to keep that GPA up, too. Oh, and then I also got a block for too. Oh, and then I also got a block for too. Oh, and then I also got a block for my charger. A pink block. I like it. And my charger. A pink block. I like it. And my charger. A pink block. I like it. And then lastly, in this bag, I got these then lastly, in this bag, I got these then lastly, in this bag, I got these sticky notes. And you guessed it, sticky notes. And you guessed it, sticky notes. And you guessed it, they're pink, yellow, and teal because they're pink, yellow, and teal because they're pink, yellow, and teal because they match my colors and I think they're they match my colors and I think they're they match my colors and I think they're really cute. [music] Okay, we have one really cute. [music] Okay, we have one really cute. [music] Okay, we have one more bag. Let's get her out. We have more bag. Let's get her out. We have more bag. Let's get her out. We have seven folders here because I think I'm seven folders here because I think I'm seven folders here because I think I'm going to need a folder for every glass, going to need a folder for every glass, going to need a folder for every glass, which is smart. So, we have the two which is smart. So, we have the two which is smart. So, we have the two pocket folders right here, and I just pocket folders right here, and I just pocket folders right here, and I just got seven of them. They're all white. got seven of them. They're all white. got seven of them. They're all white. I'm going to try to like put stickers or I'm going to try to like put stickers or I'm going to try to like put stickers or decorate them so I can like tell them decorate them so I can like tell them decorate them so I can like tell them apart, but yeah, I think they'll come in apart, but yeah, I think they'll come in apart, but yeah, I think they'll come in handy for sure. And then I got [snorts] handy for sure. And then I got [snorts] handy for sure. And then I got [snorts] this really cute 26 27 agenda slash like this really cute 26 27 agenda slash like this really cute 26 27 agenda slash like planner which I can put all of my tests planner which I can put all of my tests planner which I can put all of my tests and goals and daily things that I have and goals and daily things that I have and goals and daily things that I have to do in here. And it's really really to do in here. And it's really really to do in here. And it's really really good for staying organized and being on good for staying organized and being on good for staying organized and being on top of my work because I feel like a top of my work because I feel like a top of my work because I feel like a without a planner I would not be on top without a planner I would not be on top without a planner I would not be on top of my work andor organized. And then of my work andor organized. And then of my work andor organized. And then moving on to the last item we have of moving on to the last item we have of moving on to the last item we have of the school supply. My favorite pens. the school supply. My favorite pens. the school supply. My favorite pens. These are my favorite pens in the entire These are my favorite pens in the entire These are my favorite pens in the entire universe. Juicy pen. These are the Pilot universe. Juicy pen. These are the Pilot universe. Juicy pen. These are the Pilot G2 pens in uh 1 mm black ink. Super G2 pens in uh 1 mm black ink. Super G2 pens in uh 1 mm black ink. Super smooth, quick drying, refillable, and smooth, quick drying, refillable, and smooth, quick drying, refillable, and bold. Oh my gosh, they work so well. bold. Oh my gosh, they work so well. bold. Oh my gosh, they work so well. Writing with them, I feel so like when I Writing with them, I feel so like when I Writing with them, I feel so like when I write with them, it's such an amazing write with them, it's such an amazing write with them, it's such an amazing sensation. [music] It's beautiful. It's sensation. [music] It's beautiful. It's sensation. [music] It's beautiful. It's smooth. It's super juicy and creamy. smooth. It's super juicy and creamy. smooth. It's super juicy and creamy. Literally love it. These are the number Literally love it. These are the number Literally love it. These are the number one longest writing versus top gel brand one longest writing versus top gel brand one longest writing versus top gel brand premium gel [music] roller. And they premium gel [music] roller. And they premium gel [music] roller. And they have a comfort grip and they last have a comfort grip and they last have a comfort grip and they last forever. I got five of these pens and forever. I got five of these pens and forever. I got five of these pens and they're going straight into the pencil they're going straight into the pencil they're going straight into the pencil case. So, it may not be super aesthetic case. So, it may not be super aesthetic case. So, it may not be super aesthetic like these other things, but they're so like these other things, but they're so like these other things, but they're so functional that I'm ignoring how functional that I'm ignoring how functional that I'm ignoring how unesthetic they are. Like I said in the unesthetic they are. Like I said in the unesthetic they are. Like I said in the beginning, I have so many other school beginning, I have so many other school beginning, I have so many other school supplies from last year that I'm going supplies from last year that I'm going supplies from last year that I'm going to be using. So, don't be concerned, you to be using. So, don't be concerned, you to be using. So, don't be concerned, you guys. I have everything I need, I'm guys. I have everything I need, I'm guys. I have everything I need, I'm pretty sure. But, I think I'm going to pretty sure. But, I think I'm going to pretty sure. But, I think I'm going to end this video right here. If you stayed end this video right here. If you stayed end this video right here. If you stayed all the way to the end of the video, all the way to the end of the video, all the way to the end of the video, ooh, comment like any school supplies ooh, comment like any school supplies ooh, comment like any school supplies emojis, like a pencil, a backpack, a emojis, like a pencil, a backpack, a emojis, like a pencil, a backpack, a notebook, [music] anything. Anyways, notebook, [music] anything. Anyways, notebook, [music] anything. Anyways, thank you guys so much for watching this thank you guys so much for watching this thank you guys so much for watching this video. Make sure you like and subscribe. video. Make sure you like and subscribe. video. Make sure you like and subscribe. New videos coming out every single week. New videos coming out every single week. New videos coming out every single week. Stay [music] tuned for more fun back to Stay [music] tuned for more fun back to Stay [music] tuned for more fun back to school content and I'll see you guys in school content and I'll see you guys in school content and I'll see you guys in my next one. Bye-bye.