Cooking non-veg in the month of Sawan is considered a sin. Cooking non-veg in the month of Sawan is considered a sin. Cooking non-veg in the month of Sawan is considered a sin. But why has sister committed this sin But why has sister committed this sin But why has sister committed this sin ?  So as you know, the month of Sawan is ?  So as you know, the month of Sawan is ?  So as you know, the month of Sawan is going on and in this month everyone avoids eating non-veg going on and in this month everyone avoids eating non-veg going on and in this month everyone avoids eating non-veg food.  And food.  And food.  And anyway, no one eats non-veg at my house.  Just anyway, no one eats non-veg at my house.  Just anyway, no one eats non-veg at my house.  Just leave me.  But ever since the month of Sawan has started, I have become leave me.  But ever since the month of Sawan has started, I have become leave me.  But ever since the month of Sawan has started, I have become fed up of eating pumpkin, potato, bitter gourd etc. fed up of eating pumpkin, potato, bitter gourd etc. fed up of eating pumpkin, potato, bitter gourd etc. So I told my sister that I cannot eat non-veg. So I told my sister that I cannot eat non-veg. So I told my sister that I cannot eat non-veg. Make something which is vegetarian Make something which is vegetarian Make something which is vegetarian but gives a non-vegetarian feel.   The but gives a non-vegetarian feel.   The but gives a non-vegetarian feel.   The fake fish will eat the string. fake fish will eat the string. fake fish will eat the string. How is this possible?  As long as I am alive, How is this possible?  As long as I am alive, How is this possible?  As long as I am alive, everything is possible. everything is possible. everything is possible. I never thought in my life that a fake I never thought in my life that a fake I never thought in my life that a fake fish could be made.  So what this is, first fish could be made.  So what this is, first boil one potato in hot water for four forts.  Then after boiling everything, boil one potato in hot water for four forts.  Then after boiling everything, boil one potato in hot water for four forts.  Then after boiling everything, mash it well and add some gram flour, mash it well and add some gram flour, mash it well and add some gram flour, salt and turmeric to it and make a dough. salt and turmeric to it and make a dough. salt and turmeric to it and make a dough. After that, see what happened, he After that, see what happened, he After that, see what happened, he gave it the same shape as a piece of fish and fried it.   I gave it the same shape as a piece of fish and fried it.   I gave it the same shape as a piece of fish and fried it.   I mean, look at his brain.  Then I mean, look at his brain.  Then I mean, look at his brain.  Then I made curry gravy on the side and added all the fried fake made curry gravy on the side and added all the fried fake made curry gravy on the side and added all the fried fake fish to it and made fake fish to it and made fake fish to it and made fake fish curry.  Look at the beast here.  So he fish curry.  Look at the beast here.  So he fish curry.  Look at the beast here.  So he cannot believe that this is a fake fish. cannot believe that this is a fake fish. cannot believe that this is a fake fish. Sometimes fake egg, sometimes fake chicken, Sometimes fake egg, sometimes fake chicken, Sometimes fake egg, sometimes fake chicken, where do you get all these ideas from?  You are thinking where do you get all these ideas from?  You are thinking where do you get all these ideas from?  You are thinking that something should be made of man only. that something should be made of man only. that something should be made of man only. Now let's tell them before mom thinks they're real fish and Now let's tell them before mom thinks they're real fish and Now let's tell them before mom thinks they're real fish and beats them both up.