I saw how much chili you put in everything from I saw how much chili you put in everything from I saw how much chili you put in everything from seafood to seafood. seafood to seafood. seafood to seafood. Very fond of.  You don't have hemorrhoids. Very fond of.  You don't have hemorrhoids. Very fond of.  You don't have hemorrhoids. Nothing.  Let's see the butts. Nothing.  Let's see the butts. Nothing.  Let's see the butts. So you didn't do anything.  Where are you? So you didn't do anything.  Where are you? So you didn't do anything.  Where are you? Mommy.  Oh, I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  Oh, I'm sorry, Mommy.  Oh, I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  Oh, I'm sorry, Mommy.  Oh, I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  Oh, I'm sorry, mommy. You're going to have to go.  [laughter] mommy. You're going to have to go.  [laughter] mommy. You're going to have to go.  [laughter] Then he told her not to Then he told her not to Then he told her not to go out at night.  Because the road go out at night.  Because the road go out at night.  Because the road we were on was we were on was we were on was dark because there were no lights.   The baby dark because there were no lights.   The baby dark because there were no lights.   The baby will be born.  There is a problem. will be born.  There is a problem. will be born.  There is a problem. You laughed, mommy, but her face seemed to You laughed, mommy, but her face seemed to You laughed, mommy, but her face seemed to get angry. get angry. get angry. You must have You must have You must have really had a crush on Bimbi before.  Delicious. really had a crush on Bimbi before.  Delicious. really had a crush on Bimbi before.  Delicious. I'm eating.  Do you have crust?  This is I'm eating.  Do you have crust?  This is I'm eating.  Do you have crust?  This is what mommy crang avoids hello team r.  [laughter] hello team r.  [laughter] hello team r.  [laughter] Hello netizens.  For today's video, Hello netizens.  For today's video, Hello netizens.  For today's video, I'm excited because you know when I was I'm excited because you know when I was I'm excited because you know when I was pregnant, especially [music] during pregnant, especially [music] during pregnant, especially [music] during my first trimester, it was one of the things my first trimester, it was one of the things my first trimester, it was one of the things I watched and it was one of the reasons I watched and it was one of the reasons I watched and it was one of the reasons why I had cravings and suddenly why I had cravings and suddenly why I had cravings and suddenly I was able to cook something. I was able to cook something. I was able to cook something. Just like a rotten chicken.  I Just like a rotten chicken.  I Just like a rotten chicken.  I only found out about the only found out about the only found out about the chicken I got from him and it was so delicious chicken I got from him and it was so delicious chicken I got from him and it was so delicious .  So I'm excited that .  So I'm excited that .  So I'm excited that he'll cook for me because of course we're going to have a he'll cook for me because of course we're going to have a he'll cook for me because of course we're going to have a baby soon.  I'm about to get baby soon.  I'm about to get baby soon.  I'm about to get my watermelon out.  That's why my watermelon out.  That's why my watermelon out.  That's why team Ra Mommy Ra is with us today. Mommy Ra is with us today. Mommy Ra is with us today. Hello.  Team R. Ma'am, you are the mommy Hello.  Team R. Ma'am, you are the mommy Hello.  Team R. Ma'am, you are the mommy here. here. here. Okay.  [laughter] What, ma'am?  Maybe Okay.  [laughter] What, ma'am?  Maybe Okay.  [laughter] What, ma'am?  Maybe the stomach is fat.  Mommy is shy but the stomach is fat.  Mommy is shy but the stomach is fat.  Mommy is shy but she doesn't seem shy.  What is she doesn't seem shy.  What is she doesn't seem shy.  What is he like, right?  Hello, he like, right?  Hello, he like, right?  Hello, you are vlogging in the middle of Hong Kong.  You are ashamed. you are vlogging in the middle of Hong Kong.  You are ashamed. you are vlogging in the middle of Hong Kong.  You are ashamed. Why are you holding on?  We can [laugh] Why are you holding on?  We can [laugh] Why are you holding on?  We can [laugh] . . . Just nervous.  Nervous. Just nervous.  Nervous. Just nervous.  Nervous. Mommy's name is Mommy Riza. Mommy's name is Mommy Riza. Mommy's name is Mommy Riza. Then Riza is Riza.  How many Then Riza is Riza.  How many Then Riza is Riza.  How many children do you have?  [music] children do you have?  [music] children do you have?  [music] Yes. Yes. Yes. Why did you join this? Why did you join this? Why did you join this? That's talent.  Talented.  What is That's talent.  Talented.  What is That's talent.  Talented.  What is yours?  What will you give to yours?  What will you give to yours?  What will you give to our talent today?  The only talent, our talent today?  The only talent, our talent today?  The only talent, ma'am, is cooking.  That's really all ma'am, is cooking.  That's really all ma'am, is cooking.  That's really all you did there.  Did he do something you did there.  Did he do something you did there.  Did he do something ?  That's hilarious.  Oh okay, ?  That's hilarious.  Oh okay, ?  That's hilarious.  Oh okay, look at you, mommy, it looks like you're just having a heart attack you, mommy, it looks like you're just having a heart attack you, mommy, it looks like you're just having a heart attack Champ, what he did was wrong, Champ, what he did was wrong, Champ, what he did was wrong, I'll tell you, I'm sorry. I'll tell you, I'm sorry. I'll tell you, I'm sorry. Oh, that's the last one.  Last 1 2 3 go you're Oh, that's the last one.  Last 1 2 3 go you're Oh, that's the last one.  Last 1 2 3 go you're penty penty penty ma pint of him.  Hello!  Before we continue the ma pint of him.  Hello!  Before we continue the ma pint of him.  Hello!  Before we continue the video, I just have something to say to video, I just have something to say to video, I just have something to say to you, especially to our you, especially to our you, especially to our fellow OFWs abroad.  Who else fellow OFWs abroad.  Who else fellow OFWs abroad.  Who else are our partners and those are our partners and those are our partners and those we trust when we we trust when we we trust when we give love to our give love to our give love to our countrymen when it comes to our padala countrymen when it comes to our padala countrymen when it comes to our padala or pad love?  Of course, there is nothing else but or pad love?  Of course, there is nothing else but or pad love?  Of course, there is nothing else but the top send, especially to those the top send, especially to those the top send, especially to those from Australia, the US, Canada, Europe, the UK, the from Australia, the US, Canada, Europe, the UK, the from Australia, the US, Canada, Europe, the UK, the UAE, and now there is one in Bahrain as well. UAE, and now there is one in Bahrain as well. UAE, and now there is one in Bahrain as well. Because of the top cent, mobile Because of the top cent, mobile Because of the top cent, mobile banking fees and those on your e-wallets are zero. banking fees and those on your e-wallets are zero. Your loved ones will receive Padle Love quickly Your loved ones will receive Padle Love quickly Your loved ones will receive Padle Love quickly because the exchange rates are competitive. because the exchange rates are competitive. because the exchange rates are competitive. So if you know an OFW or you are an So if you know an OFW or you are an So if you know an OFW or you are an OFW, don't wait any longer. OFW, don't wait any longer. OFW, don't wait any longer. Download and share Download and share Download and share Taptop Send immediately.  And don't Taptop Send immediately.  And don't Taptop Send immediately.  And don't forget to use my code for forget to use my code for forget to use my code for your first transaction to get your first transaction to get your first transaction to get an extra $20.  Use my code Alex G. an extra $20.  Use my code Alex G. an extra $20.  Use my code Alex G. So if you are an OFW, don't So if you are an OFW, don't So if you are an OFW, don't think about it anymore.  Download, Tap, think about it anymore.  Download, Tap, think about it anymore.  Download, Tap, send.  And then back to the video. send.  And then back to the video. send.  And then back to the video. Ah, what are we going to eat, king crab? Ah, what are we going to eat, king crab? Ah, what are we going to eat, king crab? Yes, king crab because I saw what Yes, king crab because I saw what Yes, king crab because I saw what you were doing, seafood.  That's why you were doing, seafood.  That's why you were doing, seafood.  That's why you said your seafood was a bit raw, right?  So you said your seafood was a bit raw, right?  So you said your seafood was a bit raw, right?  So of course I can't go to the raw yet. of course I can't go to the raw yet. of course I can't go to the raw yet. I saw.  You are good at making I saw.  You are good at making I saw.  You are good at making sauce.  Mommy.  Oh, mommy and I still have a glass sauce.  Mommy.  Oh, mommy and I still have a glass sauce.  Mommy.  Oh, mommy and I still have a glass . . . Strength glass.  You're strong. Strength glass.  You're strong. Strength glass.  You're strong. Okay, ma'am, then we'll go ahead and look for it. Okay, ma'am, then we'll go ahead and look for it. Okay, ma'am, then we'll go ahead and look for it. Shy.  It's him.  Why aren't Shy.  It's him.  Why aren't Shy.  It's him.  Why aren't you shy?  Mommy is shy.  Yes.  Miss you shy?  Mommy is shy.  Yes.  Miss you shy?  Mommy is shy.  Yes.  Miss Tony because you are Tony.  Oh, sorry, sorry, Tony because you are Tony.  Oh, sorry, sorry, Tony because you are Tony.  Oh, sorry, sorry, Miss Alex.  You know I'm itching for Miss Alex.  You know I'm itching for Miss Alex.  You know I'm itching for what I have here, my cubicle here.  I don't know why I suddenly felt so itchy what I have here, my cubicle here.  I don't know why I suddenly felt so itchy what I have here, my cubicle here.  I don't know why I suddenly felt so itchy .  Why are you still .  Why are you still .  Why are you still Tony of Tony?   Of course Tony of Tony?   Of course Tony of Tony?   Of course not, Miss Tony, because not, Miss Tony, because not, Miss Tony, because Ah, okay.  You're wrong.  Don't treat Ah, okay.  You're wrong.  Don't treat Ah, okay.  You're wrong.  Don't treat me like you can't take it back. So me like you can't take it back. So me like you can't take it back. So why didn't you become shy?  Who why didn't you become shy?  Who why didn't you become shy?  Who among you is not [music] shy?  It seems like it's just among you is not [music] shy?  It seems like it's just among you is not [music] shy?  It seems like it's just me.  So it's just you, no one said no, me.  So it's just you, no one said no, me.  So it's just you, no one said no, but what if he was just embarrassed but what if he was just embarrassed but what if he was just embarrassed now because he's Miss Alex B. Yes.  But now because he's Miss Alex B. Yes.  But now because he's Miss Alex B. Yes.  But hey, it's like you really hey, it's like you really hey, it's like you really like you really want to kiss me like you really want to kiss me like you really want to kiss me because I've only been watching you and because I've only been watching you and because I've only been watching you and now you're here in front of me.  Wow! now you're here in front of me.  Wow! now you're here in front of me.  Wow! I watched you too.  What is I watched you too.  What is I watched you too.  What is your favorite food now that you are pregnant?  Oh, sorry, your favorite food now that you are pregnant?  Oh, sorry, your favorite food now that you are pregnant?  Oh, sorry, you know, it's different, but it's just a matter of what you know, it's different, but it's just a matter of what you know, it's different, but it's just a matter of what your cravings are. your cravings are. your cravings are. But don't text. But don't text. But don't text. Then, mom, let's start.  So what Then, mom, let's start.  So what Then, mom, let's start.  So what we're going to do now is make the seafood sauce we're going to do now is make the seafood sauce we're going to do now is make the seafood sauce .  Okay.  What is the sauce for .  Okay.  What is the sauce for .  Okay.  What is the sauce for our seafood?  Okay, sir.  We have butter, our seafood?  Okay, sir.  We have butter, our seafood?  Okay, sir.  We have butter, garlic, garlic powder, and this garlic, garlic powder, and this garlic, garlic powder, and this cay pepper.  It's really my first time, ma'am, cay pepper.  It's really my first time, ma'am, cay pepper.  It's really my first time, ma'am, because it's just me.   This is because it's just me.   This is because it's just me.   This is your first time collaborating. your first time collaborating. your first time collaborating. Just the second one.  Yes.  Who is your first? Just the second one.  Yes.  Who is your first? Just the second one.  Yes.  Who is your first? Sir idol.  Good morning.  Good morning Sir idol.  Good morning.  Good morning Sir idol.  Good morning.  Good morning idols.  This is a funny idol. idols.  This is a funny idol. idols.  This is a funny idol. I saw it last week.  I saw.  I saw it, I saw it last week.  I saw.  I saw it, I saw it last week.  I saw.  I saw it, I'll delete it I'll delete it I'll delete it for you.   Just for you.   Just for you.   Just for me.  You can sit down because for me.  You can sit down because for me.  You can sit down because I'm not very big. Yes, and it seems like I'm not very big. Yes, and it seems like I'm not very big. Yes, and it seems like mommy and I are just sitting there mommy and I are just sitting there mommy and I are just sitting there [laughter] Yes, of course, ma'am, because of course [laughter] Yes, of course, ma'am, because of course [laughter] Yes, of course, ma'am, because of course this is a special occasion because I'm cooking for the team, ma'am, thanks this is a special occasion because I'm cooking for the team, ma'am, thanks this is a special occasion because I'm cooking for the team, ma'am, thanks for inviting me.  So I hope for inviting me.  So I hope for inviting me.  So I hope you like the you like the you like the sauce, I hope we can cook it because it's been a sauce, I hope we can cook it because it's been a sauce, I hope we can cook it because it's been a while [laughter] I hope this is while [laughter] I hope this is while [laughter] I hope this is butter first.  [music] Butter first, I hope butter first.  [music] Butter first, I hope butter first.  [music] Butter first, I hope you like it.  But you can't have you like it.  But you can't have you like it.  But you can't have spicy food, ma'am.   It's spicy food, ma'am.   It's spicy food, ma'am.   It's okay.  Just don't overdo it okay.  Just don't overdo it okay.  Just don't overdo it .  But don't.  It's okay.  Why are .  But don't.  It's okay.  Why are .  But don't.  It's okay.  Why are you putting that?  [music] Well, you putting that?  [music] Well, you putting that?  [music] Well, we all love we all love we all love spicy food.  Wow.  I saw a lot of spicy food.  Wow.  I saw a lot of spicy food.  Wow.  I saw a lot of you putting chili in whatever you putting chili in whatever you putting chili in whatever seafood you like. seafood you like. seafood you like. You don't have hemorrhoids, there's no pity You don't have hemorrhoids, there's no pity You don't have hemorrhoids, there's no pity in looking at the butts, in looking at the butts, in looking at the butts, pet reveal.  You seem to be attracted to pet reveal.  You seem to be attracted to pet reveal.  You seem to be attracted to spicy food.  Let me see spicy food.  Let me see spicy food.  Let me see your butts.  Okay, I'll put some your butts.  Okay, I'll put some your butts.  Okay, I'll put some garlic in it, ma'am.  [music] garlic in it, ma'am.  [music] garlic in it, ma'am.  [music] But Raiza mommy boasted like, " But Raiza mommy boasted like, " But Raiza mommy boasted like, " Oh, no, ma'am, I'm so excited, Oh, no, ma'am, I'm so excited, Oh, no, ma'am, I'm so excited, I'm not."  I always I'm not."  I always I'm not."  I always remind her, ma'am, that you should always be remind her, ma'am, that you should always be remind her, ma'am, that you should always be kind and never change.  You're the way kind and never change.  You're the way kind and never change.  You're the way you used to be, so why do you used to be, so why do you used to be, so why do you look at me so negatively? It's like you're you look at me so negatively? It's like you're you look at me so negatively? It's like you're trying to change trying to change trying to change .  Did I make your life miserable for you? .  Did I make your life miserable for you? .  Did I make your life miserable for you? [laughter] I think it's different from [laughter] I think it's different from [laughter] I think it's different from others if someone is sometimes a bread winner or others if someone is sometimes a bread winner or others if someone is sometimes a bread winner or helpful, right?  It seems like sometimes you helpful, right?  It seems like sometimes you helpful, right?  It seems like sometimes you speak too highly.  Yes.  This is it. speak too highly.  Yes.  This is it. speak too highly.  Yes.  This is it. So how did you do it?  You're great, So how did you do it?  You're great, So how did you do it?  You're great, mommy, because when they were just kids, mommy, because when they were just kids, mommy, because when they were just kids, I always taught them how to I always taught them how to I always taught them how to be better than their siblings, not like be better than their siblings, not like be better than their siblings, not like I'm the one who's I'm the one who's I'm the one who's acting like this.  Not him.  I might get kicked out acting like this.  Not him.  I might get kicked out acting like this.  Not him.  I might get kicked out of the house if I do that. of the house if I do that. of the house if I do that. I've never heard him say, "What is this I've never heard him say, "What is this I've never heard him say, "What is this music?" or "What is this?"   Okay, that's up to music?" or "What is this?"   Okay, that's up to music?" or "What is this?"   Okay, that's up to you, you take care of you, you take care of you, you take care of that.  That's how wonderful it was to raise that.  That's how wonderful it was to raise that.  That's how wonderful it was to raise you.  Yes.  It's not really natural you.  Yes.  It's not really natural you.  Yes.  It's not really natural [laughter] it's not good to be not so [laughter] it's not good to be not so [laughter] it's not good to be not so you didn't do anything, where are you?  Mommy, I'm you didn't do anything, where are you?  Mommy, I'm you didn't do anything, where are you?  Mommy, I'm sorry, mommy, you've already done CR. sorry, mommy, you've already done CR. sorry, mommy, you've already done CR. So many people notice him So many people notice him So many people notice him like that.  He's not ashamed of that. like that.  He's not ashamed of that. like that.  He's not ashamed of that. He [music] is not shy. He [music] is not shy. He [music] is not shy. One of his playmates said, "Don't One of his playmates said, "Don't One of his playmates said, "Don't go out at night. It's scary when I go out at night. It's scary when I go out at night. It's scary when I meet you. You're so tiny. meet you. You're so tiny. meet you. You're so tiny. You look like a child when you You look like a child when you You look like a child when you say you're just a child because you're only that age say you're just a child because you're only that age say you're just a child because you're only that age . When you're like that, you're a . When you're like that, you're a . When you're like that, you're a child. Who doesn't you child. Who doesn't you child. Who doesn't you really look at? [laughter] really look at? [laughter] really look at? [laughter] You don't know it, it's like I'm trying to fight You don't know it, it's like I'm trying to fight You don't know it, it's like I'm trying to fight you. Of course I hurt you. you. Of course I hurt you. you. Of course I hurt you. So you told mommy. Mm. So you told mommy. Mm. So you told mommy. Mm. What did you say? What did you say? What did you say? I said it's okay, son. It's nothing I said it's okay, son. It's nothing I said it's okay, son. It's nothing . It's just a joke. Because . It's just a joke. Because . It's just a joke. Because ma'am, he's so small, ma'am, he's so small, ma'am, he's so small, he's so small. This kid is also a bit dark he's so small. This kid is also a bit dark he's so small. This kid is also a bit dark . . . Mommy's smallness makes him look like he's become a grandfather Mommy's smallness makes him look like he's become a grandfather Mommy's smallness makes him look like he's become a grandfather or he's just that small or he's just that small or he's just that small . Are you that small, ma'am? So that's all . Are you that small, ma'am? So that's all he's really small. That's it. Who called you which he's really small. That's it. Who called you which he's really small. That's it. Who called you which little one? It's big, big, because he's little one? It's big, big, because he's little one? It's big, big, because he's small, then the one that looks like [music] mature, mature, small, then the one that looks like [music] mature, mature, small, then the one that looks like [music] mature, mature, think. But  Mommy, do think. But  Mommy, do think. But  Mommy, do n't you feel hurt when you're told n't you feel hurt when you're told n't you feel hurt when you're told that? that? that? Of course, that hurts a mother. Of course, that hurts a mother. Of course, that hurts a mother. But I don't But I don't But I don't pay attention to them. I just let it go because there's pay attention to them. I just let it go because there's pay attention to them. I just let it go because there's nothing we can do if nothing we can do if nothing we can do if I say that. So you're not going to fight? Oh I say that. So you're not going to fight? Oh I say that. So you're not going to fight? Oh no. Then I told her not to no. Then I told her not to no. Then I told her not to go out at night. Because it's go out at night. Because it's go out at night. Because it's our road, the one we saw like this, our road, the one we saw like this, our road, the one we saw like this, the road is dark because there's no lights. the road is dark because there's no lights. the road is dark because there's no lights. You're going to get hit by a car. You're going to get hit by a car. You're going to get hit by a car. You're laughing, Mommy, she said she You're laughing, Mommy, she said she You're laughing, Mommy, she said she might get hurt. So I told her to might get hurt. So I told her to might get hurt. So I told her to always remember that it's better to be the one always remember that it's better to be the one always remember that it's better to be the one being bullied than the one being bullied. being bullied than the one being bullied. being bullied than the one being bullied. [Applause] What's that? [Applause] What's that? [Applause] What's that? I cried when I cried when I cried when you said that, I just heard that you said that, I just heard that you said that, I just heard that [laughter] That's [laughter] That's [laughter] That's right, that's in the Bible, right, that's in the Bible, right, that's in the Bible, and the bullies are being picked up, you can take it easy, can take it easy, can take it easy, I said, okay, okay, I said, okay, okay, I said, okay, okay, maybe just hold my hand, because they ordered me to be a mother, maybe just hold my hand, because they ordered me to be a mother, maybe just hold my hand, because they ordered me to be a mother, I'm just sitting here because of course I'm I'm just sitting here because of course I'm I'm just sitting here because of course I'm pregnant. Yes, boss, you're not allowed to move [music], [music], [music], Mommy. Go home. Okay  that ca Mommy. Go home. Okay  that ca Mommy. Go home. Okay  that ca n't be eaten. n't be eaten. n't be eaten. Go mommy one two go first. It's Go mommy one two go first. It's Go mommy one two go first. It's really you. You go first. You were just a while ago, really you. You go first. You were just a while ago, really you. You go first. You were just a while ago, what are you madam, you're getting angry, what are you madam, you're getting angry, what are you madam, you're getting angry, you're feeling scolded you're feeling scolded you're feeling scolded . Okay. Okay. 5 6 7 8 . Okay. Okay. 5 6 7 8 . Okay. Okay. 5 6 7 8 You should be quiet. You should be quiet. You should be quiet. Yes. Then the king CR comes out Yes. Then the king CR comes out Yes. Then the king CR comes out . [laughter] Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm excited. Are you excited, mommy? Are I'm excited. Are you excited, mommy? Are I'm excited. Are you excited, mommy? Are you nervous? Why are you still nervous you nervous? Why are you still nervous you nervous? Why are you still nervous ? He said we'll be together. Or ? He said we'll be together. Or ? He said we'll be together. Or with tang. [laughter] with tang. [laughter] with tang. [laughter] Hello team rangtana. Hello team rangtana. Hello team rangtana. This is our king crab dish. This is our king crab dish. This is our king crab dish. My God [music] this is the first time My God [music] this is the first time My God [music] this is the first time Raiza and I will taste it. Just now Raiza and I will taste it. Just now Raiza and I will taste it. Just now . Thank you very much for . Thank you very much for . Thank you very much for inviting us and also for preparing inviting us and also for preparing inviting us and also for preparing this King Cram for us. Actually this King Cram for us. Actually this King Cram for us. Actually mommy, I really want king cram. That's mommy, I really want king cram. That's mommy, I really want king cram. That's my craving right now. Since my craving right now. Since my craving right now. Since I'm pregnant, you'll have the hot one. I'm pregnant, you'll have the hot one. I'm pregnant, you'll have the hot one. [laughter] That's it [laughter] That's it [laughter] That's it . That's why. . That's why. . That's why. We'll use T's not in  That's all ours, We'll use T's not in  That's all ours, We'll use T's not in  That's all ours, mommy. What do you call that mommy. What do you call that mommy. What do you call that sauce, mommy? sauce, mommy? sauce, mommy? What? Butter garlic. So What? Butter garlic. So What? Butter garlic. So now let's start, mommy, with the now let's start, mommy, with the now let's start, mommy, with the fat on his tentacles. fat on his tentacles. fat on his tentacles. His tentacles are fat, right? Oh, what are we doing His tentacles are fat, right? Oh, what are we doing His tentacles are fat, right? Oh, what are we doing here? Okay, let's meet at the here? Okay, let's meet at the here? Okay, let's meet at the [laughter] party . . . Thank you, ma'am. Is it Thank you, ma'am. Is it Thank you, ma'am. Is it me or not? Okay, I'm me or not? Okay, I'm me or not? Okay, I'm here. Is it just you today, so it's like we're just going to have a little here. Is it just you today, so it's like we're just going to have a little here. Is it just you today, so it's like we're just going to have a little fun, oh, do fun, oh, do fun, oh, do you want this? Okay. you want this? Okay. you want this? Okay. Yes, mommy is really kind. I hope Yes, mommy is really kind. I hope Yes, mommy is really kind. I hope you'll do it for me too. Oh, okay, okay, thank you. you'll do it for me too. Oh, okay, okay, thank you. you'll do it for me too. Oh, okay, okay, thank you. That's how delicious mommy's was. The meat was That's how delicious mommy's was. The meat was That's how delicious mommy's was. The meat was really good. really good. really good. That's fresh. That's fresh. That's fresh. Delicious, delicious, Delicious, delicious, Delicious, delicious, delicious. Let's talk. Let's see later delicious. Let's talk. Let's see later delicious. Let's talk. Let's see later . Mommy prayed. Thank . Mommy prayed. Thank . Mommy prayed. Thank you Lord Jesus. We were able to pray. I you Lord Jesus. We were able to pray. I you Lord Jesus. We were able to pray. I prayed. Okay, I'm prayed. Okay, I'm prayed. Okay, I'm going to hell. It's like [laughter] it's like going to hell. It's like [laughter] it's like going to hell. It's like [laughter] it's like you're the only one who's like how are you, you're the only one who's like how are you, you're the only one who's like how are you, like you don't even care about me, like you don't even care about me, like you don't even care about me, you didn't take me to heaven. Okay, you didn't take me to heaven. Okay, you didn't take me to heaven. Okay, thank you, okay.  What did you say thank you, okay.  What did you say thank you, okay.  What did you say earlier, miss? [music] Team Ra, I was watching earlier, miss? [music] Team Ra, I was watching earlier, miss? [music] Team Ra, I was watching earlier. I mean, let's eat earlier. I mean, let's eat earlier. I mean, let's eat . Let's eat. I'm watching. Yes. It's . Let's eat. I'm watching. Yes. It's . Let's eat. I'm watching. Yes. It's good. Mommy's eating. good. Mommy's eating. good. Mommy's eating. Actually, sometimes you're like what. It Actually, sometimes you're like what. It Actually, sometimes you're like what. It seems like we're not being carried anymore. seems like we're not being carried anymore. seems like we're not being carried anymore. Hey, there you are. What time did you Hey, there you are. What time did you Hey, there you are. What time did you arrive? How many years have you been in showbiz? arrive? How many years have you been in showbiz? arrive? How many years have you been in showbiz? [music] 14. 14? Or in your 14 years, [music] 14. 14? Or in your 14 years, [music] 14. 14? Or in your 14 years, you never thought about quitting. No, you never thought about quitting. No, you never thought about quitting. No, I said that in the I said that in the I said that in the interview, it was really my dream. Maybe interview, it was really my dream. Maybe interview, it was really my dream. Maybe you're tired. No. you're tired. No. you're tired. No. You never thought about it. It was really You never thought about it. It was really You never thought about it. It was really your dream. Yes. [music] Mommy never your dream. Yes. [music] Mommy never your dream. Yes. [music] Mommy never told you that we're a child. told you that we're a child. told you that we're a child. Ah, she's not really supportive. Ah, she's not really supportive. Ah, she's not really supportive. But what kind of decision did I make, it's not But what kind of decision did I make, it's not But what kind of decision did I make, it's not like what happened to you like what happened to you like what happened to you in [music] you joked about Tony Talk, isn't that the one in [music] you joked about Tony Talk, isn't that the one in [music] you joked about Tony Talk, isn't that the one you you you first ran to your mom? Yes. What first ran to your mom? Yes. What first ran to your mom? Yes. What did mom say? Because she was the only one who did mom say? Because she was the only one who did mom say? Because she was the only one who found out in the interview, hm, there was found out in the interview, hm, there was found out in the interview, hm, there was no briefing.  that no briefing.  that no briefing.  that something like that is really happening. How did something like that is really happening. How did something like that is really happening. How did you know? [music] you know? [music] you know? [music] That was in Tito Sen's interview. That was in Tito Sen's interview. That was in Tito Sen's interview. Ah but when it was happening you didn't have any Ah but when it was happening you didn't have any Ah but when it was happening you didn't have any idea. idea. idea. What's the matter, you only let What's the matter, you only let What's the matter, you only let me in once a week twice, it me in once a week twice, it me in once a week twice, it seems obvious but there's no real seems obvious but there's no real seems obvious but there's no real confirmation [music] that you're not confirmation [music] that you're not confirmation [music] that you're not hurt, I'm the only hurt, I'm the only hurt, I'm the only one in the dressing room. Mm. Then one in the dressing room. Mm. Then one in the dressing room. Mm. Then they all got involved. I was only in one segment [music] and they all got involved. I was only in one segment [music] and they all got involved. I was only in one segment [music] and then once a week. Are then once a week. Are then once a week. Are you saying mommy like that? you saying mommy like that? you saying mommy like that? Mm. But what's the point of her just being a bit of a Mm. But what's the point of her just being a bit of a Mm. But what's the point of her just being a bit of a wimp? What were wimp? What were wimp? What were you doing, ma'am, at that time, did you doing, ma'am, at that time, did you doing, ma'am, at that time, did you feel discouraged? you feel discouraged? you feel discouraged? Yes. What, ma'am, we cried, ma'am, Yes. What, ma'am, we cried, ma'am, Yes. What, ma'am, we cried, ma'am, because we both cried when because we both cried when because we both cried when we got home. It was my birthday [music] anyway we got home. It was my birthday [music] anyway we got home. It was my birthday [music] anyway . I said let's just pray, I . I said let's just pray, I . I said let's just pray, I said that. said that. said that. Raya's sadness is really bad. Raya's sadness is really bad. Raya's sadness is really bad. She's really crying all the time. I said, "Nak, She's really crying all the time. I said, "Nak, She's really crying all the time. I said, "Nak, just pray." I said that. This is just pray." I said that. This is just pray." I said that. This is just a test. I said, "Get over it  " just a test. I said, "Get over it  " just a test. I said, "Get over it  " We'll do this too." [music] I said, "There are so We'll do this too." [music] I said, "There are so We'll do this too." [music] I said, "There are so many other people, they're going through even more difficult many other people, they're going through even more difficult many other people, they're going through even more difficult trials in trials in trials in their lives.  That's how we are.  It's good that we have something their lives.  That's how we are.  It's good that we have something their lives.  That's how we are.  It's good that we have something to eat.  Those kinds of things.  I'm sorry. to eat.  Those kinds of things.  I'm sorry. to eat.  Those kinds of things.  I'm sorry. Please, I need some rice. Please, I need some rice. Please, I need some rice. Yes, indeed.  [laughter] Yes, indeed.  [laughter] Yes, indeed.  [laughter] But in your time on the show, haven't you ever made anyone But in your time on the show, haven't you ever made anyone But in your time on the show, haven't you ever made anyone angry?  Enemy?  Nothing.  You're great angry?  Enemy?  Nothing.  You're great angry?  Enemy?  Nothing.  You're great .  Because that's not .  Because that's not .  Because that's not my circle.  TVJ.  Fight my circle.  TVJ.  Fight my circle.  TVJ.  Fight [clears throat] TVJ.  They [clears throat] TVJ.  They [clears throat] TVJ.  They really are family.  Wave [laughter] really are family.  Wave [laughter] really are family.  Wave [laughter] at random.  So you were able to tape with at random.  So you were able to tape with at random.  So you were able to tape with girls, what is this really about?  Bulaga girls, what is this really about?  Bulaga girls, what is this really about?  Bulaga has it.  But I'm still young, so has it.  But I'm still young, so has it.  But I'm still young, so I don't have any primitive skills yet.  Ah, you I don't have any primitive skills yet.  Ah, you I don't have any primitive skills yet.  Ah, you really don't have anything like what really don't have anything like what really don't have anything like what you want now, let's do something, let's see you want now, let's do something, let's see you want now, let's do something, let's see who mommy's side is with. who mommy's side is with. who mommy's side is with. Oh thank you [clears throat] Oh thank you [clears throat] Oh thank you [clears throat] mommy you're missing out you're missing out you mommy you're missing out you're missing out you mommy you're missing out you're missing out you skipped me this is it me skipped me this is it me skipped me this is it me thank you mommy.  Oh, I did it, thank you mommy.  Oh, I did it, thank you mommy.  Oh, I did it, I thanked you, but have you I thanked you, but have you I thanked you, but have you ever been bashed, where did you cry, were ever been bashed, where did you cry, were ever been bashed, where did you cry, were you affected, or were you even bashed?   Yes, there is you affected, or were you even bashed?   Yes, there is you affected, or were you even bashed?   Yes, there is .  It seems like .  It seems like .  It seems like the bash was unavoidable. the bash was unavoidable. the bash was unavoidable. You're telling me to mommy I read the You're telling me to mommy I read the You're telling me to mommy I read the comments or what are you going to do mommy if comments or what are you going to do mommy if comments or what are you going to do mommy if that's what I said just let it go don't that's what I said just let it go don't that's what I said just let it go don't hit me oh really yes that's it hit me oh really yes that's it hit me oh really yes that's it but you're hurt mommy yes but you're hurt mommy yes but you're hurt mommy yes I'm hurt but I'm just letting it go it's just like I'm hurt but I'm just letting it go it's just like I'm hurt but I'm just letting it go it's just like ah it's like ah it's like ah it's like Riza confronted you don't want to talk about it it's like Riza confronted you don't want to talk about it it's like Riza confronted you don't want to talk about it it's like she's going to be sad it's like it's she's going to be sad it's like it's she's going to be sad it's like it's over because people have their own over because people have their own over because people have their own opinions because ma'am opinions because ma'am opinions because ma'am that's what they want to say that's what they want to say that's what they want to say just let them go that's what just let them go that's what just let them go that's what I'm telling her don't hit them I'm telling her don't hit them I'm telling her don't hit them don't be angry yes it's like don't be angry yes it's like don't be angry yes it's like you never hit anything at home yes you never hit anything at home yes you never hit anything at home yes but you get offended sometimes sometimes m but you get offended sometimes sometimes m but you get offended sometimes sometimes m [music] what's the most you'll never [music] what's the most you'll never [music] what's the most you'll never forget what's about you what's the comment about forget what's about you what's the comment about forget what's about you what's the comment about me I used to be I can't forget a me I used to be I can't forget a me I used to be I can't forget a comment on me Alex just told me comment on me Alex just told me comment on me Alex just told me the fourem stone of gunsag the fourem stone of gunsag the fourem stone of gunsag forgot but now it's like it's okay forgot but now it's like it's okay forgot but now it's like it's okay you just accepted it you just accepted it you just accepted it I accepted it when I was a kid it hurts I accepted it when I was a kid it hurts I accepted it when I was a kid it hurts of course because that seems to mean doesn't it of course because that seems to mean doesn't it of course because that seems to mean doesn't it seem like you're always comparing me to seem like you're always comparing me to seem like you're always comparing me to my sister it's like the ending is my sister it's like the ending is my sister it's like the ending is you're really the ugly one  That version you're really the ugly one  That version you're really the ugly one  That version or are you the really cheap version? It or are you the really cheap version? It or are you the really cheap version? It seems like seems like seems like yours is ugly, but it's so beautiful. yours is ugly, but it's so beautiful. yours is ugly, but it's so beautiful. [laughter] It was [laughter] It was [laughter] It was you who commented.  It's no surprise you who commented.  It's no surprise you who commented.  It's no surprise that the lady is so wet. that the lady is so wet. that the lady is so wet. What is the most What is the most What is the most unforgettable thing you will ever do?  I guess you forgot. unforgettable thing you will ever do?  I guess you forgot. unforgettable thing you will ever do?  I guess you forgot. Because it's all about physical appearance. Because it's all about physical appearance. Because it's all about physical appearance. Yes.  Like what's yours?  Yes.  This is Yes.  Like what's yours?  Yes.  This is Yes.  Like what's yours?  Yes.  This is ugly.  These are so dark.  So ugly.  These are so dark.  So ugly.  These are so dark.  So pretend you're the butt of the joke. pretend you're the butt of the joke. pretend you're the butt of the joke. You're still offended.  Not anymore.  It's not You're still offended.  Not anymore.  It's not You're still offended.  Not anymore.  It's not [music].  Get used to it.  You know why [music].  Get used to it.  You know why [music].  Get used to it.  You know why you don't get offended because you don't get offended because you don't get offended because your mom is there first, where do you get it?  Me too. your mom is there first, where do you get it?  Me too. your mom is there first, where do you get it?  Me too. That's why I'm probably not too much of a That's why I'm probably not too much of a That's why I'm probably not too much of a basher because basher because basher because your family and support system are complete.  But your family and support system are complete.  But your family and support system are complete.  But you haven't thought about it yet, maybe later you haven't thought about it yet, maybe later you haven't thought about it yet, maybe later when I get a boyfriend.  Not yet when I get a boyfriend.  Not yet when I get a boyfriend.  Not yet .  This is awesome.  Not .  This is awesome.  Not .  This is awesome.  Not flirting yet.  [clears throat] Hey, flirting yet.  [clears throat] Hey, flirting yet.  [clears throat] Hey, when you're 18, sometimes it feels like you're when you're 18, sometimes it feels like you're when you're 18, sometimes it feels like you're just going to have a crush, just a crush.  Mm. just going to have a crush, just a crush.  Mm. just going to have a crush, just a crush.  Mm. You're getting married.  So sometimes You're getting married.  So sometimes You're getting married.  So sometimes you become conscious that you are no longer you become conscious that you are no longer you become conscious that you are no longer what?  Not at all.  [music] Thank you.   Is what?  Not at all.  [music] Thank you.   Is what?  Not at all.  [music] Thank you.   Is n't he yet?  Mommy, I have a crush. n't he yet?  Mommy, I have a crush. n't he yet?  Mommy, I have a crush. I don't have any crushes or anything, I don't have any crushes or anything, I don't have any crushes or anything, but I'm not the one who's no-conscious because but I'm not the one who's no-conscious because but I'm not the one who's no-conscious because you're good at those things.  You know, you're good at those things.  You know, you're good at those things.  You know, you don't seem to be flirting like I did you don't seem to be flirting like I did you don't seem to be flirting like I did when I was a kid.  It feels like I'm getting so pretty that my when I was a kid.  It feels like I'm getting so pretty that my when I was a kid.  It feels like I'm getting so pretty that my tongue is sticking out.  It's not like tongue is sticking out.  It's not like tongue is sticking out.  It's not like that.   It's that.   It's that.   It's not like that because when not like that because when not like that because when I was a child, my mom always told me I was a child, my mom always told me I was a child, my mom always told me how beautiful you are, my child.  You are prettier how beautiful you are, my child.  You are prettier how beautiful you are, my child.  You are prettier than your sister.  Maybe it's than your sister.  Maybe it's than your sister.  Maybe it's because my sister is a talented because my sister is a talented because my sister is a talented noun.  So my sister, noun.  So my sister, noun.  So my sister, you're even more beautiful when you sing.  You are more beautiful. you're even more beautiful when you sing.  You are more beautiful. you're even more beautiful when you sing.  You are more beautiful. So when I was a kid, I felt like I was So when I was a kid, I felt like I was So when I was a kid, I felt like I was actually prettier than my sister.  So when someone tells actually prettier than my sister.  So when someone tells actually prettier than my sister.  So when someone tells me, "You're ugly, I'm not like that anymore."  So me, "You're ugly, I'm not like that anymore."  So me, "You're ugly, I'm not like that anymore."  So it really matters what it really matters what it really matters what you say to your child.  Son.  My point is that you say to your child.  Son.  My point is that you say to your child.  Son.  My point is that I'm not too affected, because that's how I'm not too affected, because that's how I'm not too affected, because that's how I grew up.  But if you I grew up.  But if you I grew up.  But if you compare me to compare me to compare me to your better sister, I'm a little upset your better sister, I'm a little upset your better sister, I'm a little upset because you always tell me because you always tell me because you always tell me I'm just pretty.  So my investment is just fine I'm just pretty.  So my investment is just fine I'm just pretty.  So my investment is just fine .  This is the only thing that has kept .  This is the only thing that has kept .  This is the only thing that has kept me going in this industry for so long, this me going in this industry for so long, this me going in this industry for so long, this beautiful body. beautiful body. beautiful body. Ah, his body is also a Ah, his body is also a Ah, his body is also a mess.  He is a fool.  Yes.  And mess.  He is a fool.  Yes.  And mess.  He is a fool.  Yes.  And later, I'll take you to the Viva Max later, I'll take you to the Viva Max later, I'll take you to the Viva Max [laughter] taping. [laughter] taping. [laughter] taping. Just kidding, mommy, this is Just kidding, mommy, this is Just kidding, mommy, this is really fun to be with, really fun to be with, really fun to be with, ma'am, right?   It's ma'am, right?   It's ma'am, right?   It's me, ma'am.  I can't do it anymore. me, ma'am.  I can't do it anymore. me, ma'am.  I can't do it anymore. Thank you.  That's why when I was a kid, I Thank you.  That's why when I was a kid, I Thank you.  That's why when I was a kid, I felt like I was pretty, so my crush must have a felt like I was pretty, so my crush must have a felt like I was pretty, so my crush must have a crush on me too because he kept telling crush on me too because he kept telling crush on me too because he kept telling me I was pretty and me I was pretty and me I was pretty and you were pretty.  What if you were pretty.  What if you were pretty.  What if your crush rejects you?  Well, I always your crush rejects you?  Well, I always your crush rejects you?  Well, I always get rejected because I'm not get rejected because I'm not get rejected because I'm not very pretty.  It turns out that very pretty.  It turns out that very pretty.  It turns out that my mother [laughs] lied, and that my mother [laughs] lied, and that my beauty was just a way to appease her.  It turns out it's not true, it my beauty was just a way to appease her.  It turns out it's not true, it my beauty was just a way to appease her.  It turns out it's not true, it turns out I'm not beautiful either, so turns out I'm not beautiful either, so turns out I'm not beautiful either, so I saw that, yes, it's really like I saw that, yes, it's really like I saw that, yes, it's really like Bimbey used to be. Bimbey used to be. Bimbey used to be. I'm eating delicious food.  Hey, do you know I'm eating delicious food.  Hey, do you know I'm eating delicious food.  Hey, do you know Bimby?  I'm very close to that child.   What about that Bimby?  I'm very close to that child.   What about that Bimby?  I'm very close to that child.   What about that kid? kid? kid? Yes.  Are you the same age?  [laughter] Yes.  Are you the same age?  [laughter] Yes.  Are you the same age?  [laughter] This isn't the story of Bimbi and I during the This isn't the story of Bimbi and I during the This isn't the story of Bimbi and I during the private Benjamin days, private Benjamin days, private Benjamin days, so we were always together, but so we were always together, but so we were always together, but she was very happy with me.  He is a fool. she was very happy with me.  He is a fool. she was very happy with me.  He is a fool. Sister Chris was surprised.  One time Sister Chris was surprised.  One time Sister Chris was surprised.  One time he came to visit us at night and was surprised he came to visit us at night and was surprised he came to visit us at night and was surprised why BB was hugging him so why BB was hugging him so why BB was hugging him so close.  Then, sister Chris suddenly texted me close.  Then, sister Chris suddenly texted me close.  Then, sister Chris suddenly texted me last night. last night. last night. What? What? What? What did you do to my son?  He's been What did you do to my son?  He's been What did you do to my son?  He's been asking me where you're from?  What asking me where you're from?  What asking me where you're from?  What show are you on on TV5?  He's always asking me. show are you on on TV5?  He's always asking me. show are you on on TV5?  He's always asking me. So that's why Chris and I became friends So that's why Chris and I became friends So that's why Chris and I became friends because of the baby, but we never because of the baby, but we never because of the baby, but we never met again because when met again because when met again because when you went to the states, we never did anything [music].  Nothing.  Last time you went to the states, we never did anything [music].  Nothing.  Last time we met again was in 2025 [music].  We last we met again was in 2025 [music].  We last we met again was in 2025 [music].  We last met in Japan in 2019.  How old are you?  14. met in Japan in 2019.  How old are you?  14. met in Japan in 2019.  How old are you?  14. 14 like that.  Ah, you're a young woman, and 14 like that.  Ah, you're a young woman, and 14 like that.  Ah, you're a young woman, and Bim is 2 years younger [music] Bim is 2 years younger [music] Bim is 2 years younger [music] than me.  Did you talk? than me.  Did you talk? than me.  Did you talk? You guys bonded, right?  Just be quick.  It's You guys bonded, right?  Just be quick.  It's You guys bonded, right?  Just be quick.  It's only now that we really only now that we really only now that we really had the chance [music] to had the chance [music] to had the chance [music] to bond again on Bulaga.  But when bond again on Bulaga.  But when bond again on Bulaga.  But when you were kids, were you really close? you were kids, were you really close? you were kids, were you really close? Really great.  Hi, what's up with the movie bossing? Really great.  Hi, what's up with the movie bossing? Really great.  Hi, what's up with the movie bossing? I was so surprised by Bimby because I was so surprised by Bimby because I was so surprised by Bimby because Bimby is also very down to earth. Bimby is also very down to earth. Bimby is also very down to earth. It's like you don't know how to think It's like you don't know how to think It's like you don't know how to think his mom is a his mom is a his mom is a superstar.  That kid was really kind superstar.  That kid was really kind superstar.  That kid was really kind .  I'm so happy that I'm still a .  I'm so happy that I'm still a .  I'm so happy that I'm still a child.  He entered.  Are child.  He entered.  Are child.  He entered.  Are you surprised?  I'm not surprised.  I haven't you surprised?  I'm not surprised.  I haven't you surprised?  I'm not surprised.  I haven't seen him before.  You don't know.   It's seen him before.  You don't know.   It's seen him before.  You don't know.   It's not my birthday because it's a surprise not my birthday because it's a surprise not my birthday because it's a surprise to me that babe is the to me that babe is the to me that babe is the last one.  So when we saw that, it was last one.  So when we saw that, it was last one.  So when we saw that, it was really long really long really long because of the height. because of the height. because of the height. Yes.  We don't really have a bond.  So Yes.  We don't really have a bond.  So Yes.  We don't really have a bond.  So when I saw him, I was happy too. when I saw him, I was happy too. when I saw him, I was happy too. You really touched him, child. You really touched him, child. You really touched him, child. This is really delicious. This is really delicious. This is really delicious. Are you a crusader? Are you a crusader? Are you a crusader? This is what mommy avoids, what kind of This is what mommy avoids, what kind of This is what mommy avoids, what kind of crush [laughter]?  Yes, it looks like it's in college.  I have a crush [laughter]?  Yes, it looks like it's in college.  I have a crush [laughter]?  Yes, it looks like it's in college.  I have a crush on him.  Do you have a crush?  [laughter] crush on him.  Do you have a crush?  [laughter] crush on him.  Do you have a crush?  [laughter] They're really close They're really close They're really close [music], they're so close to Dream that they're like [music], they're so close to Dream that they're like [music], they're so close to Dream that they're like siblings. siblings. siblings. There at the shooting.  So now There at the shooting.  So now There at the shooting.  So now they met again.  Still the same.  It's funny what they met again.  Still the same.  It's funny what they met again.  Still the same.  It's funny what you're doing.  But what about your crush now you're doing.  But what about your crush now you're doing.  But what about your crush now ?  It's not like [music] is just ?  It's not like [music] is just ?  It's not like [music] is just friends.  Your crab is really delicious friends.  Your crab is really delicious friends.  Your crab is really delicious .  You know what I'm going to do .  You know what I'm going to do .  You know what I'm going to do [laughs] to break your neck. [laughs] to break your neck. [laughs] to break your neck. That Bim is so tender. That Bim is so tender. That Bim is so tender. Sobr is very tender. Until now, Sobr is very tender. Until now, his affection has been really super tender. his affection has been really super tender. his affection has been really super tender. I still love you.   I I still love you.   I I still love you.   I miss you. miss you. miss you. Baby.  Very kind child.  I have a crush on him. Baby.  Very kind child.  I have a crush on him. Baby.  Very kind child.  I have a crush on him. Yes.  I'm a mom. Yes.  I'm a mom. Yes.  I'm a mom. Or did they even make me a pedophile? Or did they even make me a pedophile? Or did they even make me a pedophile? Because you don't know just to Because you don't know just to Because you don't know just to admit it.  [laughter] admit it.  [laughter] admit it.  [laughter] And you, mommy, who is And you, mommy, who is And you, mommy, who is your crush on TVJ [laughter] your crush on TVJ [laughter] your crush on TVJ [laughter] if you had to choose.  Oh, that's it, okay? if you had to choose.  Oh, that's it, okay? if you had to choose.  Oh, that's it, okay? Okay.  Oh Okay.  Oh Okay.  Oh jojowain, it's going to be painful.  [laughter] jojowain, it's going to be painful.  [laughter] jojowain, it's going to be painful.  [laughter] They're all my idols, ma'am.  jojowain They're all my idols, ma'am.  jojowain They're all my idols, ma'am.  jojowain just or totropahin okay no no no just or totropahin okay no no no pretend joey de leon pretend joey de leon pretend joey de leon ah totropahin ah totropahin ah totropahin you totropahin why sir joey you totropahin why sir joey you totropahin why sir joey totropahin totropahin totropahin because what is kind and then what is because what is kind and then what is because what is kind and then what is boss joy genius like that or eh boss joy genius like that or eh boss joy genius like that or eh bossing bossing bossing bossing also totropahin oh bossing also totropahin oh bossing also totropahin oh because you are kind you are all kind no because you are kind you are all kind no because you are kind you are all kind no totropahin you don't seem like what is totropahin you don't seem like what is totropahin you don't seem like what is not not not nothing like that ah nothing like that ah nothing like that ah eh tito eh tito eh tito totropahin also ah really friend zone totropahin also ah really friend zone totropahin also ah really friend zone everyone gave you mommy but you didn't give everyone gave you mommy but you didn't give everyone gave you mommy but you didn't give him back go ahead [laughter] him back go ahead [laughter] him back go ahead [laughter] no okay mommy really loves no okay mommy really loves no okay mommy really loves you thank you p did you and you thank you p did you and you thank you p did you and mommy ever or this of course teenager did mommy ever or this of course teenager did you have a real fight no no you have a real fight no no you have a real fight no no [music] eh he doesn't really fight he [music] eh he doesn't really fight he [music] eh he doesn't really fight he really seems like you're acting really seems like you're acting really seems like you're acting like you want to rebel no toos that's like you want to rebel no toos that's like you want to rebel no toos that's him when you tell him that just keep him when you tell him that just keep him when you tell him that just keep quiet quiet quiet tears just fall tears just fall tears just fall t's judi santos you're still [laughter] left just a t's judi santos you're still [laughter] left just a t's judi santos you're still [laughter] left just a drop just a drop of tears ah that's just how drop just a drop of tears ah that's just how drop just a drop of tears ah that's just how he is  Ma'am, he's not he is  Ma'am, he's not he is  Ma'am, he's not fighting, he's not really, he's not the one, fighting, he's not really, he's not the one, fighting, he's not really, he's not the one, let me stop the car, there's let me stop the car, there's let me stop the car, there's nothing like that, there's nothing like nothing like that, there's nothing like nothing like that, there's nothing like that, there's nothing, so you're that, there's nothing, so you're that, there's nothing, so you're really scared of your mommy, in short, yes, really scared of your mommy, in short, yes, really scared of your mommy, in short, yes, we're all scared, we're all scared, we're all scared, but you're not the one who's so scared but you're not the one who's so scared but you're not the one who's so scared that it's like you're not opening up to [music], that it's like you're not opening up to [music], we're not the only ones, we're not the only ones, we're not the only ones, I just call him dars, I just call him dars, I just call him dars, aunt in Tagalog, [laughter] aunt in Tagalog, [laughter] aunt in Tagalog, [laughter] dars, yes dars, but mommy, where are you in that dars, yes dars, but mommy, where are you in that dars, yes dars, but mommy, where are you in that part of your life?  Oh well, part of your life?  Oh well, part of your life?  Oh well, you didn't fight.  You are so proud you didn't fight.  You are so proud you didn't fight.  You are so proud of your son.  When?  I started doing it of your son.  When?  I started doing it of your son.  When?  I started doing it when Rai was still a child. when Rai was still a child. when Rai was still a child. They're all not the They're all not the They're all not the really naughty kids you always really naughty kids you always really naughty kids you always [music] You always scold them [music] You always scold them [music] You always scold them because if I just say one thing, they know because if I just say one thing, they know because if I just say one thing, they know they're not going to be naughty anymore, they're not going to be naughty anymore, they're not going to be naughty anymore, they're not going to be that naughty anymore.  That's why I'm so proud they're not going to be that naughty anymore.  That's why I'm so proud they're not going to be that naughty anymore.  That's why I'm so proud of them because they're good kids of them because they're good kids of them because they're good kids with their playmates and they don't with their playmates and they don't with their playmates and they don't fight.  Yes, that's right.  What else do fight.  Yes, that's right.  What else do fight.  Yes, that's right.  What else do you want Raya to do?  What is your dream you want Raya to do?  What is your dream you want Raya to do?  What is your dream about Raya?  My dream is for about Raya?  My dream is for about Raya?  My dream is for him to finish his studies.  That him to finish his studies.  That him to finish his studies.  That he can still fulfill he can still fulfill he can still fulfill his dreams.  Then what does he want? his dreams.  Then what does he want? his dreams.  Then what does he want? Be a makeup artist or be a chef?  Mm Be a makeup artist or be a chef?  Mm Be a makeup artist or be a chef?  Mm chef.  You're a chef, you can't cook, so chef.  You're a chef, you can't cook, so chef.  You're a chef, you can't cook, so I don't care.  I said maybe I don't care.  I said maybe I don't care.  I said maybe you can bake like that. you can bake like that. you can bake like that. Cooking is also difficult, especially in Cooking is also difficult, especially in Cooking is also difficult, especially in the heat, and he might not be able to the heat, and he might not be able to the heat, and he might not be able to lift the big pan.  You know, it's lift the big pan.  You know, it's lift the big pan.  You know, it's like mommy is trying to control you, like a like mommy is trying to control you, like a like mommy is trying to control you, like a judge judge judge when she went to Little Miss Philippines, when she went to Little Miss Philippines, when she went to Little Miss Philippines, but cooking is like a but cooking is like a but cooking is like a cow, you know, it's like cow, you know, it's like cow, you know, it's like she's discouraging you [laughter] she's discouraging you [laughter] she's discouraging you [laughter] 'That's right, because your mommy is now 'That's right, because your mommy is now 'That's right, because your mommy is now earning money too', is mommy proud? earning money too', is mommy proud? earning money too', is mommy proud? Who told mommy to vlog? Who told mommy to vlog? Who told mommy to vlog? First, that page was just a little First, that page was just a little First, that page was just a little behind the scenes with me on Bulaga behind the scenes with me on Bulaga behind the scenes with me on Bulaga or it started when I posted about or it started when I posted about or it started when I posted about slippers or slippers or slippers or that Halloween hall, and then it that Halloween hall, and then it that Halloween hall, and then it seemed like we were enjoying him seemed like we were enjoying him seemed like we were enjoying him cooking.  He showed me cooking.  He showed me cooking.  He showed me how to cook my baon.  When it how to cook my baon.  When it how to cook my baon.  When it started, he enjoyed it too. started, he enjoyed it too. started, he enjoyed it too. I always include her when I always include her when I always include her when I post the video because of course, yes. I post the video because of course, yes. I post the video because of course, yes. That's why team R. Yes.  Yes.  Toos.  Well, That's why team R. Yes.  Yes.  Toos.  Well, That's why team R. Yes.  Yes.  Toos.  Well, ma'am, until you're the one being watched ma'am, until you're the one being watched ma'am, until you're the one being watched .  It's really fun to watch mommy's videos .  It's really fun to watch mommy's videos .  It's really fun to watch mommy's videos because the [music] because the [music] because the [music] videos of mommy and her voice are very videos of mommy and her voice are very videos of mommy and her voice are very relaxing.  Hello, team R. Yes. relaxing.  Hello, team R. Yes. relaxing.  Hello, team R. Yes. We were hungry again so we cooked We were hungry again so we cooked We were hungry again so we cooked buldak.  Ma'am, can you eat? I ca buldak.  Ma'am, can you eat? I ca buldak.  Ma'am, can you eat? I ca n't. How can you get angry at n't. How can you get angry at n't. How can you get angry at home? How can you get angry? Is there drama in home? How can you get angry? Is there drama in home? How can you get angry? Is there drama in this? No, what's wrong? [laughter] this? No, what's wrong? [laughter] this? No, what's wrong? [laughter] I want to hear that, mommy. Okay, please. I want to hear that, mommy. Okay, please. I want to hear that, mommy. Okay, please. How can you pretend that you're really angry How can you pretend that you're really angry How can you pretend that you're really angry with us? It's not like I'm too angry. with us? It's not like I'm too angry. with us? It's not like I'm too angry. She's crying too. It's a dramatic act She's crying too. It's a dramatic act She's crying too. It's a dramatic act because it didn't mix because she was tired. Then it because it didn't mix because she was tired. Then it because it didn't mix because she was tired. Then it seemed like she was crying. seemed like she was crying. seemed like she was crying. Why are you crying now? Are you Why are you crying now? Are you Why are you crying now? Are you angry because she's angry because sometimes angry because she's angry because sometimes angry because she's angry because sometimes you can't help it. It's hot. you can't help it. It's hot. you can't help it. It's hot. We were just riding our motorbikes, ma'am, when we went to the We were just riding our motorbikes, ma'am, when we went to the We were just riding our motorbikes, ma'am, when we went to the market.  So when you get home, market.  So when you get home, market.  So when you get home, I'll wash the groceries so I'll wash the groceries so I'll wash the groceries so they don't get messy.  They won't be they don't get messy.  They won't be they don't get messy.  They won't be confused.  Why are you angry?  There's just no reason confused.  Why are you angry?  There's just no reason confused.  Why are you angry?  There's just no reason because sometimes there's an "Ok" (Okay).  When because sometimes there's an "Ok" (Okay).  When because sometimes there's an "Ok" (Okay).  When I first arrive, sometimes they already chop the I first arrive, sometimes they already chop the I first arrive, sometimes they already chop the garlic, onion, or garlic, onion, or garlic, onion, or sometimes they forget.  I told sometimes they forget.  I told sometimes they forget.  I told you to cut it so you to cut it so you to cut it so I could start.  Well, that's just it I could start.  Well, that's just it I could start.  Well, that's just it . . . That's what makes you the most angry. That's what makes you the most angry. That's what makes you the most angry. Yes.  That's right. Yes.  That's right. Yes.  That's right. Not strong at all. Not strong at all. Not strong at all. Not at all.  Of course, he won't be able to hold you Not at all.  Of course, he won't be able to hold you Not at all.  Of course, he won't be able to hold you back because while back because while back because while your mother and father are here, your mother and father are here, your mother and father are here, you should love them.  Ah, that's what I always you should love them.  Ah, that's what I always you should love them.  Ah, that's what I always [musically] say.  You know I saw [musically] say.  You know I saw [musically] say.  You know I saw that on TikTok [clears throat] that on TikTok [clears throat] that on TikTok [clears throat] it's such a privilege that you can still it's such a privilege that you can still it's such a privilege that you can still call your mom and she will answer.  Because call your mom and she will answer.  Because call your mom and she will answer.  Because I saw the TikToks where I saw the TikToks where I saw the TikToks where their mothers died and they were like, their mothers died and they were like, their mothers died and they were like, "Mom, this is mom, they cried."  No one will "Mom, this is mom, they cried."  No one will "Mom, this is mom, they cried."  No one will respond. respond. respond. Kiss sleeps [laughter] Kiss sleeps [laughter] Kiss sleeps [laughter] ' right?  That's all, what's the privilege ' right?  That's all, what's the privilege ' right?  That's all, what's the privilege of having a mommy? It seems like a cool of having a mommy? It seems like a cool of having a mommy? It seems like a cool mommy, right?  Yes.  It's too much like mommy has mommy, right?  Yes.  It's too much like mommy has mommy, right?  Yes.  It's too much like mommy has values.  Yes. values.  Yes. values.  Yes. I'm happy for you, mom.  Thank you, I'm happy for you, mom.  Thank you, I'm happy for you, mom.  Thank you, ma'am. ma'am. ma'am. Yes.  I'll just live here.  [laughter] Yes.  I'll just live here.  [laughter] Yes.  I'll just live here.  [laughter] But you've never had a boyfriend? But you've never had a boyfriend? But you've never had a boyfriend? Never. Never. Never. Or is it true?  [laughter] Or is it true?  [laughter] Or is it true?  [laughter] Yes, indeed.  Nothing.  Just crushes and crushes. Yes, indeed.  Nothing.  Just crushes and crushes. Yes, indeed.  Nothing.  Just crushes and crushes. No one is listening to me. No one is listening. No one is listening to me. No one is listening. No one is listening to me. No one is listening. Nothing.  Who?  What?  So there's a Nothing.  Who?  What?  So there's a Nothing.  Who?  What?  So there's a little bit.  Nothing.  You don't little bit.  Nothing.  You don't little bit.  Nothing.  You don't see anything.  visiting you?  There was no sign of him see anything.  visiting you?  There was no sign of him see anything.  visiting you?  There was no sign of him leaving, nor did he say goodbye. leaving, nor did he say goodbye. leaving, nor did he say goodbye. Sometimes he would leave with Sometimes he would leave with Sometimes he would leave with his friend.  That's all.  Who is his friend.  That's all.  Who is his friend.  That's all.  Who is your friend now?  My boyfriend.  Ah your friend now?  My boyfriend.  Ah your friend now?  My boyfriend.  Ah [laughter] That's it.  That's it [laughter] That's it.  That's it [laughter] That's it.  That's it .   They were .   They were .   They were n't classmates, they were n't classmates, they were n't classmates, they were his classmates before, they became his friends. his classmates before, they became his friends. his classmates before, they became his friends. But are you planning to go to college?  Yes. But are you planning to go to college?  Yes. But are you planning to go to college?  Yes. I was actually thinking about a course. I was actually thinking about a course. I was actually thinking about a course. What course do you want?  Because it seems like What course do you want?  Because it seems like What course do you want?  Because it seems like he really cares about what he really cares about what he really cares about what he's ignoring. he's ignoring. He just doesn't like anything that just goes with him.  Okay. He just doesn't like anything that just goes with him.  Okay. He just doesn't like anything that just goes with him.  Okay. He won't be as bad as He won't be as bad as He won't be as bad as you might think at a festival [laughter] you might think at a festival [laughter] you might think at a festival [laughter] like that.  Of course, the chefs who are like that.  Of course, the chefs who are like that.  Of course, the chefs who are digging up digging up digging up potatoes in the fields in the valley are the ones who cook mommy's food.  That's how potatoes in the fields in the valley are the ones who cook mommy's food.  That's how potatoes in the fields in the valley are the ones who cook mommy's food.  That's how we are in Taytay.  That's the we are in Taytay.  That's the we are in Taytay.  That's the menudo, that's how big the basin is. menudo, that's how big the basin is. menudo, that's how big the basin is. Maybe that's not what Maybe that's not what Maybe that's not what he'll cook.  How are you doing now that you're pregnant? he'll cook.  How are you doing now that you're pregnant? he'll cook.  How are you doing now that you're pregnant? You're still cooking, but You're still cooking, but You're still cooking, but not anymore.  You know it's nice not anymore.  You know it's nice not anymore.  You know it's nice to be a housewife, but because you already had a life to be a housewife, but because you already had a life to be a housewife, but because you already had a life [music] before you got married.   Just [music] before you got married.   Just [music] before you got married.   Just like you, you're an actor.  I like you, you're an actor.  I like you, you're an actor.  I became an actress and then it seems like you're not became an actress and then it seems like you're not became an actress and then it seems like you're not the typical housewife who really loves the typical housewife who really loves the typical housewife who really loves mommy because I think mommy is mommy because I think mommy is mommy because I think mommy is the real housewife but the real housewife but the real housewife but [music] since we became showbiz, [music] since we became showbiz, [music] since we became showbiz, you've learned to be organized, I feel like you've learned to be organized, I feel like you've learned to be organized, I feel like we're going to have a hard time.  Are we're going to have a hard time.  Are we're going to have a hard time.  Are you getting it?  [music] Yes.  Because you already have friends you getting it?  [music] Yes.  Because you already have friends you getting it?  [music] Yes.  Because you already have friends , you already have a life.  You got to know , you already have a life.  You got to know , you already have a life.  You got to know yourself outside before you got yourself outside before you got yourself outside before you got married.  You already have a world.  That's why married.  You already have a world.  That's why married.  You already have a world.  That's why I admire mothers who truly I admire mothers who truly I admire mothers who truly leave their old lives behind. leave their old lives behind. leave their old lives behind. You, mommy, before you got married, You, mommy, before you got married, You, mommy, before you got married, you were working, but you were working, but you were working, but you just focused on getting pregnant. you just focused on getting pregnant. you just focused on getting pregnant. You just focused [on music] on You just focused [on music] on You just focused [on music] on your wife and your child. your wife and your child. your wife and your child. What, ma'am, where did I work as a maid What, ma'am, where did I work as a maid What, ma'am, where did I work as a maid ?   It's ?   It's ?   It's different.  There is one in monosize different.  There is one in monosize different.  There is one in monosize .  They are not there yet. .  They are not there yet. .  They are not there yet. Oh really?  Mommy, Oh really?  Mommy, Oh really?  Mommy, what was your last job before you got married?  [music] what was your last job before you got married?  [music] what was your last job before you got married?  [music] Before you get pregnant, you Before you get pregnant, you Before you get pregnant, you still have help.  Still asleep.  Okay, go still have help.  Still asleep.  Okay, go still have help.  Still asleep.  Okay, go wash my pint with the others wash my pint with the others wash my pint with the others [laughter]. Let's just do it. [laughter]. Let's just do it. [laughter]. Let's just do it. That's not really true. That's not really true. That's not really true. Yes.  I've experienced all the Yes.  I've experienced all the Yes.  I've experienced all the hardships.  Besides, I also want hardships.  Besides, I also want hardships.  Besides, I also want my children to learn about household chores. my children to learn about household chores. my children to learn about household chores. Especially the women.  Oh right.  Especially. Especially the women.  Oh right.  Especially. Especially the women.  Oh right.  Especially. Yes.  So that at least even if the Yes.  So that at least even if the Yes.  So that at least even if the maid forbids it, she can survive.  We're like, Yes. maid forbids it, she can survive.  We're like, Yes. maid forbids it, she can survive.  We're like, Yes. We can.  When did you think, mom, that I had We can.  When did you think, mom, that I had We can.  When did you think, mom, that I had made it?  I made it in life.   The made it?  I made it in life.   The made it?  I made it in life.   The Lord has truly blessed me. Lord has truly blessed me. Lord has truly blessed me. [music] Riza became an actress.  When [music] Riza became an actress.  When [music] Riza became an actress.  When he was still young.  Yes.  I really can't he was still young.  Yes.  I really can't he was still young.  Yes.  I really can't believe that this is what believe that this is what believe that this is what we are.  The roof is high, this is we are.  The roof is high, this is we are.  The roof is high, this is our life.  That's right. our life.  That's right. our life.  That's right. That's why we are so thankful to the That's why we are so thankful to the That's why we are so thankful to the Lord and Sait Bulaga because they are the ones who Lord and Sait Bulaga because they are the ones who Lord and Sait Bulaga because they are the ones who changed our lives.  Yes. changed our lives.  Yes. changed our lives.  Yes. Raiz plays an instrument [music].  Yes. Raiz plays an instrument [music].  Yes. Raiz plays an instrument [music].  Yes. Raiza, when did you think Raiza, when did you think Raiza, when did you think our life had become beautiful?  I our life had become beautiful?  I our life had become beautiful?  I made it.  When I gave them a made it.  When I gave them a made it.  When I gave them a house that was in order.  No more house that was in order.  No more house that was in order.  No more debt.  I can eat three times a debt.  I can eat three times a debt.  I can eat three times a day.  It's my dream, but it's day.  It's my dream, but it's day.  It's my dream, but it's also my dream because I want [music] to also my dream because I want [music] to also my dream because I want [music] to really lift my family out of hardship. really lift my family out of hardship. really lift my family out of hardship. So when you were making money, you didn't make So when you were making money, you didn't make So when you were making money, you didn't make music that was great because that was music that was great because that was music that was great because that was my goal.  You know that's where I my goal.  You know that's where I my goal.  You know that's where I really believe in Filipinos.  Isn't that what really believe in Filipinos.  Isn't that what really believe in Filipinos.  Isn't that what Filipinos really owe?  When Filipinos really owe?  When Filipinos really owe?  When you grow, your family should be with you you grow, your family should be with you you grow, your family should be with you .  The fact is that now there is a team Riza .  The fact is that now there is a team Riza .  The fact is that now there is a team Riza or you should be the one hiring or you should be the one hiring or you should be the one hiring him.  [laughter] Yes, we're in reverse him.  [laughter] Yes, we're in reverse him.  [laughter] Yes, we're in reverse now.  Yes.  But it's funny because now.  Yes.  But it's funny because now.  Yes.  But it's funny because I see that all these years that I see that all these years that I see that all these years that you've achieved and you've stayed you've achieved and you've stayed you've achieved and you've stayed in the [music] industry, your corn hasn't disappeared in the [music] industry, your corn hasn't disappeared in the [music] industry, your corn hasn't disappeared .  It's funny. .  It's funny. .  It's funny. Let's kiss.  [laughter] Here we go again. Let's kiss.  [laughter] Here we go again. Let's kiss.  [laughter] Here we go again. Kiss again.  No.  It's Kiss again.  No.  It's Kiss again.  No.  It's really funny.  It's refreshing for really funny.  It's refreshing for really funny.  It's refreshing for him [laughs] to be able to kiss him [laughs] to be able to kiss him [laughs] to be able to kiss .  Tap when I have nothing more to say, .  Tap when I have nothing more to say, .  Tap when I have nothing more to say, let's just kiss.  That's why I got pregnant. let's just kiss.  That's why I got pregnant. let's just kiss.  That's why I got pregnant. [laughter] My husband and I couldn't do anything [laughter] My husband and I couldn't do anything [laughter] My husband and I couldn't do anything earlier.  we got pregnant and that's how it is, earlier.  we got pregnant and that's how it is, earlier.  we got pregnant and that's how it is, yeah [laughter] yeah [laughter] yeah [laughter] so that's what's funny, you're so that's what's funny, you're so that's what's funny, you're really a comedian, yeah it's funny really a comedian, yeah it's funny really a comedian, yeah it's funny so much I'm not making fun of him so much I'm not making fun of him so much I'm not making fun of him he's serious I'm not serious when he's off, he's serious I'm not serious when he's off, he's serious I'm not serious when he's off, you're going to kiss [laughter] you're going to kiss [laughter] you're going to kiss [laughter] thank you also because what did you do to me because I thank you also because what did you do to me because I thank you also because what did you do to me because I feel like mommy is feel like mommy is feel like mommy is messing with me mommy didn't reply messing with me mommy didn't reply messing with me mommy didn't reply [music] mommy is not the one who knows how to [music] mommy is not the one who knows how to [music] mommy is not the one who knows how to Instagram [laughter] we're Instagram [laughter] we're Instagram [laughter] we're posting to her mommy team you know posting to her mommy team you know posting to her mommy team you know mommy I loved you so much in mommy I loved you so much in mommy I loved you so much in my second trimester [music] because my second trimester [music] because my second trimester [music] because I had so many cravings for cooking you made me want to order I had so many cravings for cooking you made me want to order [laughter] mommy because it seems like [laughter] mommy because it seems like [laughter] mommy because it seems like you enjoy cooking then she's calm because she's you enjoy cooking then she's calm because she's you enjoy cooking then she's calm because she's calm she cooks relaxing the calm she cooks relaxing the calm she cooks relaxing the video is calm or let's put video is calm or let's put video is calm or let's put [music] like this you'll eat after you [music] like this you'll eat after you [music] like this you'll eat after you eat alone follow eat alone follow eat alone follow mommy then if you're not [music] mommy then if you're not [music] mommy then if you're not [music] happy then bash it [laughter] so it's happy then bash it [laughter] so it's happy then bash it [laughter] so it's copyrighted copyrighted copyrighted please report please so that please report please so that please report please so that the the the Facebook says Facebook says Facebook says Riza is also endless.  Riza, what about you? Do Riza is also endless.  Riza, what about you? Do Riza is also endless.  Riza, what about you? Do you have a TikTok? What do you have? you have a TikTok? What do you have? you have a TikTok? What do you have? I saw you dancing on TikTok, but I saw you dancing on TikTok, but I saw you dancing on TikTok, but you're not really a vlog vlogger you're not really a vlog vlogger you're not really a vlog vlogger or anything.  I just started vlogging. or anything.  I just started vlogging. or anything.  I just started vlogging. This is my vlog This is my vlog This is my vlog .  Delete that.  [laughter] .  Delete that.  [laughter] .  Delete that.  [laughter] Paki-delete laughed.  I thought it was me Paki-delete laughed.  I thought it was me Paki-delete laughed.  I thought it was me laughing laughing laughing at the prank.  Okay, if you can. at the prank.  Okay, if you can. at the prank.  Okay, if you can. [music] Just a bet. [music] Just a bet. [music] Just a bet. Just bet.  Why?  Sometimes he's the one who really Just bet.  Why?  Sometimes he's the one who really Just bet.  Why?  Sometimes he's the one who really works hard at creating works hard at creating works hard at creating content.  [music] content.  [music] content.  [music] I just thought about it.  Pretend I just thought about it.  Pretend I just thought about it.  Pretend we're leaving like last time, ma'am, it's we're leaving like last time, ma'am, it's we're leaving like last time, ma'am, it's her birthday [music] or we her birthday [music] or we her birthday [music] or we surprised her or it was a surprise because she just surprised her or it was a surprise because she just surprised her or it was a surprise because she just bought a car, ma'am.  Ah wow, bought a car, ma'am.  Ah wow, bought a car, ma'am.  Ah wow, congratulations on buying a car.   My congratulations on buying a car.   My congratulations on buying a car.   My sister and I are talking.  I said, "What do you think sister and I are talking.  I said, "What do you think sister and I are talking.  I said, "What do you think R and May want?" What's the R and May want?" What's the R and May want?" What's the call?  He said I know what call?  He said I know what call?  He said I know what he likes about milk tea, he likes about milk tea, he likes about milk tea, hey tea. hey tea. hey tea. That's milk tea.  [laughter] That's milk tea.  [laughter] That's milk tea.  [laughter] Baby or milk tea.  Oh, hi.  You know, Baby or milk tea.  Oh, hi.  You know, Baby or milk tea.  Oh, hi.  You know, he said that's what he wanted to do, to be able he said that's what he wanted to do, to be able he said that's what he wanted to do, to be able to go to Hong Kong again.  Okay, to go to Hong Kong again.  Okay, to go to Hong Kong again.  Okay, I said, what do you want, let's book.   Let's I said, what do you want, let's book.   Let's I said, what do you want, let's book.   Let's book.  What should we do with him? book.  What should we do with him? book.  What should we do with him? Let's surprise.  So, Let's surprise.  So, Let's surprise.  So, everyone spent money, Team R is proud everyone spent money, Team R is proud everyone spent money, Team R is proud of what you did, what you ate, of what you did, what you ate, of what you did, what you ate, yes.  He's the one who has it all for free yes.  He's the one who has it all for free yes.  He's the one who has it all for free .  That's it, ma'am, and when she got .  That's it, ma'am, and when she got .  That's it, ma'am, and when she got there, ate Nicole said it wasn't like it was her there, ate Nicole said it wasn't like it was her there, ate Nicole said it wasn't like it was her birthday, ma'am, it was all about vlogging birthday, ma'am, it was all about vlogging birthday, ma'am, it was all about vlogging .  [laughter] .  [laughter] .  [laughter] You should return it, ma'am, it's a waste. You should return it, ma'am, it's a waste. You should return it, ma'am, it's a waste. Because, ma'am, do you know, ma'am, Because, ma'am, do you know, ma'am, Because, ma'am, do you know, ma'am, I really feel sad when I can't I really feel sad when I can't I really feel sad when I can't upload.  Even though I'm sick and have a upload.  Even though I'm sick and have a upload.  Even though I'm sick and have a fever, I'll force myself to upload.  Ah, you fever, I'll force myself to upload.  Ah, you fever, I'll force myself to upload.  Ah, you should get rid of the internet should get rid of the internet should get rid of the internet [laughter] you're going to be late because she's team [laughter] you're going to be late because she's team [laughter] you're going to be late because she's team Risa, she's really good, yes now, Risa, she's really good, yes now, Risa, she's really good, yes now, ma'am, I said that at least now ma'am, I said that at least now ma'am, I said that at least now Mama can help because Mama can help because Mama can help because we have something, we have something, we have something, she's crying [laughter] she's crying [laughter] she's crying [laughter] I didn't cry or you were in my hand, I didn't cry or you were in my hand, I didn't cry or you were in my hand, sister, what's wrong, oh, that's serious, may the sister, what's wrong, oh, that's serious, may the sister, what's wrong, oh, that's serious, may the Lord bless you because I didn't expect it to Lord bless you because I didn't expect it to Lord bless you because I didn't expect it to help and oh, it's not help and oh, it's not help and oh, it's not just Raya who can be blessed just Raya who can be blessed just Raya who can be blessed you too.  Yes.  That's why, ma'am, you too.  Yes.  That's why, ma'am, you too.  Yes.  That's why, ma'am, I am so grateful to the Lord. I am so grateful to the Lord. I am so grateful to the Lord. He gave us so many He gave us so many He gave us so many blessings. blessings. blessings. So thank you so much for guesting and So thank you so much for guesting and So thank you so much for guesting and for being here.  They even went to [music] for for being here.  They even went to [music] for for being here.  They even went to [music] for me because I actually really wanted to go me because I actually really wanted to go me because I actually really wanted to go camping with mommy.  That's why camping with mommy.  That's why camping with mommy.  That's why the doctor talked to me [music] and said the doctor talked to me [music] and said the doctor talked to me [music] and said I need to go to I need to go to I need to go to bed first.  I wondered if the bed first.  I wondered if the bed first.  I wondered if the three of us could just sleep in the room.  [laughter] There's three of us could just sleep in the room.  [laughter] There's three of us could just sleep in the room.  [laughter] There's nothing, I said nothing. nothing, I said nothing. nothing, I said nothing. Yes.  My wife has no place Yes.  My wife has no place Yes.  My wife has no place [laughter].  Yes.  But it's better, [laughter].  Yes.  But it's better, [laughter].  Yes.  But it's better, ma'am, here at your house.  We even arrived ma'am, here at your house.  We even arrived ma'am, here at your house.  We even arrived at your house, which is so beautiful it looks like a at your house, which is so beautiful it looks like a at your house, which is so beautiful it looks like a palace.  Mommy is so big palace.  Mommy is so big palace.  Mommy is so big .  Too big.  It's only now that it's .  Too big.  It's only now that it's .  Too big.  It's only now that it's coming to these things.  It's too coming to these things.  It's too coming to these things.  It's too big, ma'am.  Oh, so many sofas.  How big, ma'am.  Oh, so many sofas.  How big, ma'am.  Oh, so many sofas.  How beautiful.  What will we do later?  Let's head to beautiful.  What will we do later?  Let's head to beautiful.  What will we do later?  Let's head to Jerusalem.  [laughter] Jerusalem.  [laughter] Jerusalem.  [laughter] Even my sofa was torn apart, Even my sofa was torn apart, Even my sofa was torn apart, you're going to take the sofas apart one by one. you're going to take the sofas apart one by one. you're going to take the sofas apart one by one. When are you going to invite me to your house? When are you going to invite me to your house? When are you going to invite me to your house? Well, nothing yet, ma'am.  Besides, it's a bit Well, nothing yet, ma'am.  Besides, it's a bit Well, nothing yet, ma'am.  Besides, it's a bit dusty, so it's not allowed to go upstairs.  It seems like it's dusty, so it's not allowed to go upstairs.  It seems like it's dusty, so it's not allowed to go upstairs.  It seems like it's all discouragement.  [laughter] all discouragement.  [laughter] all discouragement.  [laughter] He really doesn't want to invite you.  That's all He really doesn't want to invite you.  That's all He really doesn't want to invite you.  That's all .  It seems like nothing.  Oh, you're not allowed .  It seems like nothing.  Oh, you're not allowed .  It seems like nothing.  Oh, you're not allowed there.  There's a lot of [laughter] dust all over the there.  There's a lot of [laughter] dust all over the there.  There's a lot of [laughter] dust all over the negatives.  Since when have you been negatives.  Since when have you been negatives.  Since when have you been my doctor? my doctor? my doctor? Thank you very much.  I wish that all Thank you very much.  I wish that all Thank you very much.  I wish that all your dreams come true.  come true your dreams come true.  come true your dreams come true.  come true [music] in Jesus name.  And I wish that [music] in Jesus name.  And I wish that [music] in Jesus name.  And I wish that whoever becomes whoever becomes whoever becomes your first boyfriend will love you so much that your first boyfriend will love you so much that your first boyfriend will love you so much that you will find a man who will truly you will find a man who will truly you will find a man who will truly value you and treasure you and value you and treasure you and value you and treasure you and love you the way your love you the way your love you the way your mommy loves you and of course you should love mommy loves you and of course you should love mommy loves you and of course you should love your family [music] and respect your family. your family [music] and respect your family. your family [music] and respect your family. Thank you so much for inviting me.   It's Thank you so much for inviting me.   It's Thank you so much for inviting me.   It's delicious.  Is that okay?  Oh, that's delicious.  Is that okay?  Oh, that's delicious.  Is that okay?  Oh, that's delicious. delicious. delicious. Delicious.  Hooray!  But it wasn't Delicious.  Hooray!  But it wasn't Delicious.  Hooray!  But it wasn't recorded.  So let's repeat this [laughter], recorded.  So let's repeat this [laughter], okay?  You will buy something okay?  You will buy something okay?  You will buy something like that again.  You are a loser.  You're at a loss.  There is a like that again.  You are a loser.  You're at a loss.  There is a like that again.  You are a loser.  You're at a loss.  There is a galunggong there. galunggong there. galunggong there. That's possible.  That's okay too.  There you go.  Hey, That's possible.  That's okay too.  There you go.  Hey, That's possible.  That's okay too.  There you go.  Hey, someone wants to say hello to you.  Just wait, just someone wants to say hello to you.  Just wait, just someone wants to say hello to you.  Just wait, just wait.  I'm alive.  Oh, just wait.  Don't wait.  I'm alive.  Oh, just wait.  Don't wait.  I'm alive.  Oh, just wait.  Don't turn off that beam for now.  Mute it turn off that beam for now.  Mute it turn off that beam for now.  Mute it first.  Meet first.  Someone will say hello first.  Meet first.  Someone will say hello first.  Meet first.  Someone will say hello first.  Hello.  [whispering] first.  Hello.  [whispering] first.  Hello.  [whispering] Me.  Beam knows me.  I thought it was fake Me.  Beam knows me.  I thought it was fake Me.  Beam knows me.  I thought it was fake news.  Can you say hi to my vlog beam? news.  Can you say hi to my vlog beam? news.  Can you say hi to my vlog beam? Just say hi. Just say hi. Just say hi. Oh you're on live now.  Hello.  Not live. Oh you're on live now.  Hello.  Not live. Oh you're on live now.  Hello.  Not live. Just a vlog.  Tell them that you know me. Just a vlog.  Tell them that you know me. Just a vlog.  Tell them that you know me. He doesn't want to believe it.  Well, we met He doesn't want to believe it.  Well, we met He doesn't want to believe it.  Well, we met you, Aunt Alex. you, Aunt Alex. you, Aunt Alex. Okay.  Aunt Alex, you are the coolest Okay.  Aunt Alex, you are the coolest Okay.  Aunt Alex, you are the coolest aunt I ever had.  Auntie, you don't aunt I ever had.  Auntie, you don't aunt I ever had.  Auntie, you don't visit me anymore.  That's right.  Because of course visit me anymore.  That's right.  Because of course visit me anymore.  That's right.  Because of course I'm just surprised you're already here in I'm just surprised you're already here in I'm just surprised you're already here in Itulaga.  I said that Itulaga.  I said that Itulaga.  I said that Ano had already returned home.  No.  I didn't know.  I thought Ano had already returned home.  No.  I didn't know.  I thought Ano had already returned home.  No.  I didn't know.  I thought you're in the statsaka I thought because you're in the statsaka I thought because you're in the statsaka I thought because your mom also is maybe later just sensitive to your mom also is maybe later just sensitive to your mom also is maybe later just sensitive to me.  That's annoying.   Let's me.  That's annoying.   Let's me.  That's annoying.   Let's get it over with, bro.  You should get it over with, bro.  You should get it over with, bro.  You should go to the cond.  Okay, Bims, go to the cond.  Okay, Bims, go to the cond.  Okay, Bims, you're the one who's going to pull out the you're the one who's going to pull out the you're the one who's going to pull out the umbilical cord of my baby [laughter], umbilical cord of my baby [laughter], umbilical cord of my baby [laughter], you're going to be so upset, huh? you're going to be so upset, huh? you're going to be so upset, huh? But Aunt Alex, you haven't aged. But Aunt Alex, you haven't aged. But Aunt Alex, you haven't aged. Just because your friends are old, does that make you look older Just because your friends are old, does that make you look older Just because your friends are old, does that make you look older ?  As long as Pimp's friends don't seem to be ?  As long as Pimp's friends don't seem to be ?  As long as Pimp's friends don't seem to be getting older.  It was their first time getting older.  It was their first time getting older.  It was their first time eating crab.  King crab. eating crab.  King crab. eating crab.  King crab. Crab.  Yes.  That's how big it is.  It's their first time Crab.  Yes.  That's how big it is.  It's their first time Crab.  Yes.  That's how big it is.  It's their first time .  So the second time you should be .  So the second time you should be .  So the second time you should be together.  Yes.  My legs are intact. together.  Yes.  My legs are intact. together.  Yes.  My legs are intact. See you soon. See you soon. See you soon. Okay.  Bye-bye.  Love you. Okay.  Bye-bye.  Love you. Okay.  Bye-bye.  Love you. See you soon.  See you soon.  Okay. See you soon.  See you soon.  Okay. See you soon.  See you soon.  Okay. Bye.  Bye-bye.  I saw the thank you, Bye.  Bye-bye.  I saw the thank you, Bye.  Bye-bye.  I saw the thank you, babe.  [laughter] Mommy's not here.  Mommy, baby.  The one who calls Mommy's not here.  Mommy, baby.  The one who calls Mommy's not here.  Mommy, baby.  The one who calls the big one is the one who calls the little one.  Did the big one is the one who calls the little one.  Did the big one is the one who calls the little one.  Did you see it?  Thanks H. Thanks babe. you see it?  Thanks H. Thanks babe. you see it?  Thanks H. Thanks babe. [laughter] Not really [laughter] Not really [laughter] Not really .  They didn't call.  Just kidding. .  They didn't call.  Just kidding. .  They didn't call.  Just kidding. ه