Welcome to AI Plus Nov Smartphones Welcome to AI Plus Nov Smartphones Welcome to AI Plus Nov Smartphones presents India's God Latent Quick presents India's God Latent Quick presents India's God Latent Quick Delivery Partner Flipkart Minutes Protein Delivery Partner Flipkart Minutes Protein Delivery Partner Flipkart Minutes Protein Partner Avatar Protein Fragrance Partner Partner Avatar Protein Fragrance Partner Partner Avatar Protein Fragrance Partner Wildstone & District Make plans Wildstone & District Make plans Wildstone & District Make plans and go out let's go and go out let's go and go out let's go this [ __ ] now and are we ready to start the this [ __ ] now and are we ready to start the this [ __ ] now and are we ready to start the show show show we have a banger panel for you guys we're gonna go crazy make noise we have a banger panel for you guys we're gonna go crazy make noise we have a banger panel for you guys we're gonna go crazy make noise for Tanmay for Tanmay for Tanmay [screaming] Bhatt [screaming] Bhatt [screaming] Bhatt Bull P Bull P Bull P Rahul Dua [cheering Rahul Dua [cheering Rahul Dua [cheering ] and Karan Aujiya [cheering] [cheering] [cheering ] and Karan Aujiya [cheering] [cheering] [cheering ] and Karan Aujiya [cheering] [cheering] [cheering ] ] ] let's go let's go let's go make so [ __ ] [ cheering] [applause] cheering] [applause] cheering] [applause] what a panel man what a [ __ ] panel what a what a panel man what a [ __ ] panel what a what a panel man what a [ __ ] panel what a thing bhaiya Karan bhai thank you so much for coming thing bhaiya Karan bhai thank you so much for coming thing bhaiya Karan bhai thank you so much for coming man thank you guys thank man thank you guys thank man thank you guys thank you bhai thank you for having me anything paani wani you bhai thank you for having me anything paani wani kuch lenge aap kuch lenge aap kuch lenge aap nahi I am right bhaiya it's nahi I am right bhaiya it's nahi I am right bhaiya it's free in our show [laughter] then  I will take it brother [laughs] then  I will take it brother [laughs] then  I will take it brother [laughs] but Karan bhai.  Thank you so much for coming but Karan bhai.  Thank you so much for coming but Karan bhai.  Thank you so much for coming man.  You are truly a legend and I can't believe man.  You are truly a legend and I can't believe man.  You are truly a legend and I can't believe you are here, brother. you are here, brother. you are here, brother. Or Man Me Too.  I don't know if I did the Or Man Me Too.  I don't know if I did the Or Man Me Too.  I don't know if I did the right thing coming here.  But I have just arrived. right thing coming here.  But I have just arrived. right thing coming here.  But I have just arrived. So So So no you are the funniest Punjabi on the panel no you are the funniest Punjabi on the panel no you are the funniest Punjabi on the panel today. But right now Karan Bhai is with Virat Kohli.  And right But right now Karan Bhai is with Virat Kohli.  And right But right now Karan Bhai is with Virat Kohli.  And right now it's late and pay. now it's late and pay. now it's late and pay. What next?  Tanmay, will you react What next?  Tanmay, will you react What next?  Tanmay, will you react ?  [laughs] Sometimes in life you have to downgrade. Sometimes in life you have to downgrade. Sometimes in life you have to downgrade. Also Karan Aujla has actually come from Dubai Also Karan Aujla has actually come from Dubai Also Karan Aujla has actually come from Dubai for the show or that's true all the way from for the show or that's true all the way from for the show or that's true all the way from Dubai.  Thank you so much for doing that. Dubai.  Thank you so much for doing that. Dubai.  Thank you so much for doing that. Thank you brother.  I could have come from anywhere. Thank you brother.  I could have come from anywhere. Thank you brother.  I could have come from anywhere. No, usually people go to Dubai after its release. No, usually people go to Dubai after its release. No, usually people go to Dubai after its release. My flight is booked, bro.  After this I am going to My flight is booked, bro.  After this I am going to My flight is booked, bro.  After this I am going to leave.  But friend, I love you so much leave.  But friend, I love you so much leave.  But friend, I love you so much , Karan Bhai.  Love you. , Karan Bhai.  Love you. , Karan Bhai.  Love you. Thank you so much for coming man.  I can't Thank you so much for coming man.  I can't Thank you so much for coming man.  I can't believe you really.  And I am really a big fan believe you really.  And I am really a big fan believe you really.  And I am really a big fan of Tanmay Bhai.  Thank you. Come on man, you were just about to win me over, Come on man, you were just about to win me over, Come on man, you were just about to win me over, man. man. man. But people call Karan Aujla Geeta Di But people call Karan Aujla Geeta Di But people call Karan Aujla Geeta Di Machine.  That's right.  Karan Bhai, Machine.  That's right.  Karan Bhai, Machine.  That's right.  Karan Bhai, keep a water machine in your show also.  [laughter] keep a water machine in your show also.  [laughter] keep a water machine in your show also.  [laughter] No, that water is needed.  You have to go No, that water is needed.  You have to go No, that water is needed.  You have to go to the ATM machine and then [laughs] get water. to the ATM machine and then [laughs] get water. to the ATM machine and then [laughs] get water. Okay, tell me, look who is the FIR machine Okay, tell me, look who is the FIR machine Okay, tell me, look who is the FIR machine Okay, whoever doesn't know this water story, Okay, whoever doesn't know this water story, Okay, whoever doesn't know this water story, I had shows here in Bombay I had shows here in Bombay I had shows here in Bombay and it was a Holi event and and it was a Holi event and and it was a Holi event and just to give the context, imagine there was just to give the context, imagine there was just to give the context, imagine there was no water in the Holi show no water in the Holi show no water in the Holi show Okay friend, it was not my fault, Okay friend, it was not my fault, Okay friend, it was not my fault, why should I name the team right now, come on, it was whose fault it was, there was why should I name the team right now, come on, it was whose fault it was, there was why should I name the team right now, come on, it was whose fault it was, there was less water there, the water that was available was very less water there, the water that was available was very less water there, the water that was available was very expensive, so I have to hear this till today. expensive, so I have to hear this till today. expensive, so I have to hear this till today. So but after that we did We Came Back Strung So but after that we did We Came Back Strung So but after that we did We Came Back Strung Mumbai 2.0 and a lot of people liked Mumbai 2.0 and a lot of people liked Mumbai 2.0 and a lot of people liked it.   Did it.   Did it.   Did you guys go to his Bombay show you guys go to his Bombay show you guys go to his Bombay show ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] What is this? What is this? What is this? My placement is also very good. My placement is also very good. My placement is also very good. What is this? What is this? What is this? Try it brother is better than avitaur. Try it brother is better than avitaur. Try it brother is better than avitaur. It's zero.  It's named after Rahul Dua's It's zero.  It's named after Rahul Dua's It's zero.  It's named after Rahul Dua's India Door Ses. India Door Ses. India Door Ses. Sorry friend Sorry friend Sorry friend no it's right it's right it's correct at least you are no it's right it's right it's correct at least you are no it's right it's right it's correct at least you are accurate this time [laughs] accurate this time [laughs] accurate this time [laughs] yes PK let's see is yes PK let's see is yes PK let's see is this PV is sitting friend I this PV is sitting friend I this PV is sitting friend I know about it there are so many scenes [laughs] hmm it's actually pretty [ __ ] [laughs] which will load later let's go this PK only wrote it he didn't sleep it's not a this PK only wrote it he didn't sleep it's not a this PK only wrote it he didn't sleep it's not a storm [laughs] butter applause for Karan Ojalai what [ __ ] butter applause for Karan Ojalai what [ __ ] butter applause for Karan Ojalai what [ __ ] guy come on [cheering voice] you are also guy come on [cheering voice] you are also guy come on [cheering voice] you are also Tanmay Bhat in the house but so happy to be here I am a big fan of but so happy to be here I am a big fan of but so happy to be here I am a big fan of your music friend thank you your music friend thank you your music friend thank you what's your favourite song | what's your favourite song | what's your favourite song | ah my favorite song i love one of the new ah my favorite song i love one of the new ah my favorite song i love one of the new songs take it is i love | songs take it is i love | songs take it is i love | Yes what you have been doing in your career Yes what you have been doing in your career Yes what you have been doing in your career also I also I also I know you love 52 times because you have been know you love 52 times because you have been know you love 52 times because you have been behind it so behind it so behind it so friend chale case to case [laughs] friend chale case to case [laughs] friend chale case to case [laughs] but thank you so much for coming Tanmay I love but thank you so much for coming Tanmay I love but thank you so much for coming Tanmay I love you so much we also have along with Geeta di you so much we also have along with Geeta di you so much we also have along with Geeta di machine brand work di machine machine brand work di machine machine brand work di machine accha yeh dekh raha accha yeh dekh raha accha yeh dekh raha khud six brands leke baitha hua hai [laughs] khud six brands leke baitha hua hai [laughs] khud six brands leke baitha hua hai [laughs] tu hai tu hai tu hai mera legal fees wo mera legal fees wo mera legal fees wo same show YouTube Netflix dono pe [laughs] same show YouTube Netflix dono pe [laughs] same show YouTube Netflix dono pe [laughs] aur brand di aur brand di aur brand di haujla ke show se zyada sale out toh samay rahna hai bhai. haujla ke show se zyada sale out toh samay rahna hai bhai. haujla ke show se zyada sale out toh samay rahna hai bhai. [laughs] I have to [laughs] I have to [laughs] I have to earn a little bit now, don't I? earn a little bit now, don't I? earn a little bit now, don't I? But Gullin' How Are You Feeling?  You know But Gullin' How Are You Feeling?  You know But Gullin' How Are You Feeling?  You know Gullan is the biggest fan of Karan Bhai on the Gullan is the biggest fan of Karan Bhai on the Gullan is the biggest fan of Karan Bhai on the panel. panel. panel. True. True. True. Just an hour ago he decorated himself Just Just an hour ago he decorated himself Just Just an hour ago he decorated himself Just to be here for real.  She was doing what you were doing to be here for real.  She was doing what you were doing to be here for real.  She was doing what you were doing for 1 hour, friend. for 1 hour, friend. for 1 hour, friend. Whatever you were doing.  By the way, we had the Whatever you were doing.  By the way, we had the Whatever you were doing.  By the way, we had the same makeup artist.  So it is same makeup artist.  So it is same makeup artist.  So it is not his fault. not his fault. not his fault. So it's like desi bling happened So it's like desi bling happened So it's like desi bling happened with us too. with us too. with us too. No, Gulin looks very beautiful.  Thank you so much No, Gulin looks very beautiful.  Thank you so much No, Gulin looks very beautiful.  Thank you so much for coming.   Thank you for coming.   Thank you for coming.   Thank you brother. brother. brother. And we also have Rahul Dua. And we also have Rahul Dua. And we also have Rahul Dua. Thanks brother.  Thank you.  Thank you. Thanks brother.  Thank you.  Thank you. Thanks brother.  Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you very much.  Thank you.  Thank you before someone makes a joke. Thank you very much.  Thank you.  Thank you before someone makes a joke. Thank you very much.  Thank you.  Thank you before someone makes a joke. Thank you so much for having me here. Thank you so much for having me here. Thank you so much for having me here. I am very happy to be here. I am very happy to be here. I am very happy to be here. No friend, I was going to promote you. No friend, I was going to promote you. No friend, I was going to promote you. He has just made a show.  Its name He has just made a show.  Its name He has just made a show.  Its name is Pitch Please. is Pitch Please. is Pitch Please. Or it's like it's a play on the word [ __ ] Or it's like it's a play on the word [ __ ] Or it's like it's a play on the word [ __ ] please.  You took out the B and drank it.  Pitch you please.  You took out the B and drank it.  Pitch you please.  You took out the B and drank it.  Pitch you get it?  [laughs] get it?  [laughs] get it?  [laughs] So to enjoy one hour of true comedy So to enjoy one hour of true comedy So to enjoy one hour of true comedy you can go to Rahul Show.  Happening All you can go to Rahul Show.  Happening All you can go to Rahul Show.  Happening All Across the World Now Apparently.  No [laughs] Across the World Now Apparently.  No [laughs] Across the World Now Apparently.  No [laughs] no not happening anywhere anymore.  I have no not happening anywhere anymore.  I have no not happening anywhere anymore.  I have closed it on my own will.  Unlike some closed it on my own will.  Unlike some closed it on my own will.  Unlike some shows. But how much do you love But how much do you love But how much do you love Ojala friend.  Come on.  Brother, brother, I am a Ojala friend.  Come on.  Brother, brother, I am a Ojala friend.  Come on.  Brother, brother, I am a big fan.  I actually listen to his songs big fan.  I actually listen to his songs big fan.  I actually listen to his songs and I also do in-depth analysis. and I also do in-depth analysis. and I also do in-depth analysis. Like Like Like your lyrics are very good.  You are your lyrics are very good.  You are your lyrics are very good.  You are called Geeta's machine. called Geeta's machine. called Geeta's machine. But I am telling you that even if you make it a little slow, it will be fine. But I am telling you that even if you make it a little slow, it will be fine. Because you should listen to your lyrics yourself first Because you should listen to your lyrics yourself first Because you should listen to your lyrics yourself first because in the first line you write that the because in the first line you write that the because in the first line you write that the Jat has either drunk or taken money Jat has either drunk or taken money Jat has either drunk or taken money and after a minute you say that you are and after a minute you say that you are and after a minute you say that you are telling the girl that I am not time for you otherwise I do telling the girl that I am not time for you otherwise I do telling the girl that I am not time for you otherwise I do n't have time to sleep. n't have time to sleep. n't have time to sleep. So first you're saying either I drink So first you're saying either I drink So first you're saying either I drink or I go to sleep.  And now again or I go to sleep.  And now again or I go to sleep.  And now again after a minute you are saying that I am after a minute you are saying that I am after a minute you are saying that I am not able to sleep.  Oh brother, I do it like this. not able to sleep.  Oh brother, I do it like this. not able to sleep.  Oh brother, I do it like this. So to enjoy one hour So to enjoy one hour So to enjoy one hour of such annie [cheering voice] then you can go of such annie [cheering voice] then you can go of such annie [cheering voice] then you can go to Rahul for our show happening to Rahul for our show happening to Rahul for our show happening nearest 15 seater around you alright. nearest 15 seater around you alright. nearest 15 seater around you alright. So now before we fight here again like So now before we fight here again like So now before we fight here again like any Karan was concert ah let's give a any Karan was concert ah let's give a any Karan was concert ah let's give a shout out to our brand AI Plus phone.  This shout out to our brand AI Plus phone.  This shout out to our brand AI Plus phone.  This is the phone that's sponsoring our show.  And is the phone that's sponsoring our show.  And is the phone that's sponsoring our show.  And I have seen a lot in your show.  Hey I have seen a lot in your show.  Hey I have seen a lot in your show.  Hey [laughter] man, listen to it.   There's a [laughter] man, listen to it.   There's a [laughter] man, listen to it.   There's a lot of theft in your show.  I have lot of theft in your show.  I have lot of theft in your show.  I have seen it.  [laughter] seen it.  [laughter] seen it.  [laughter] Right? Right? Right? So you appeal to your audience to buy So you appeal to your audience to buy So you appeal to your audience to buy the Ai Plus phone because this is the phone no one the Ai Plus phone because this is the phone no one the Ai Plus phone because this is the phone no one wants to steal.  [laughter] Now even its founder won't be able to sleep. Now even its founder won't be able to sleep. Now even its founder won't be able to sleep. Brother sponsored the wrong show.  But should we Brother sponsored the wrong show.  But should we Brother sponsored the wrong show.  But should we begin India's got latent let's go begin India's got latent let's go begin India's got latent let's go make some not the first sweet in Hartman sweet in Hartman sweet in Hartman sweet in Hartman guys make some nose yaar come on that was sex so f [laughter] that was sex so f [laughter] that was sex so f [laughter] Jab ye shuru kiya udikm aisa laga lift me Jab ye shuru kiya udikm aisa laga lift me Jab ye shuru kiya udikm aisa laga lift me enter kar gaye udikm enter kar gaye udikm enter kar gaye udikm bhai as the only musician on the panel what did you think bhai as the only musician on the panel what did you think bhai as the only musician on the panel what did you think about it Tanmay Bhat [laughter] I got enjoyed it man.  That was amazing, that was I got enjoyed it man.  That was amazing, that was I got enjoyed it man.  That was amazing, that was really good man.  But do you think really good man.  But do you think really good man.  But do you think it's good [laughs] it's good [laughs] it's good [laughs] Welcome to India Got Leader and Karan Welcome to India Got Leader and Karan Welcome to India Got Leader and Karan Geeta without a machine.  [laughter] It was great, man.  Why did you learn this in this country was great, man.  Why did you learn this in this country was great, man.  Why did you learn this in this country ?  [laughs] I ?  [laughs] I ?  [laughs] I think I had a bit of an itch to think I had a bit of an itch to think I had a bit of an itch to finger some instrument like that. finger some instrument like that. I will give you one like this, give me, I will I will give you one like this, give me, I will I will give you one like this, give me, I will take the money for it, this is your protein for you take the money for it, this is your protein for you take the money for it, this is your protein for you brother, take this [encouraging voice] brother, take this [encouraging voice] brother, take this [encouraging voice] put this in your pocket and put it in your mouth later put this in your pocket and put it in your mouth later put this in your pocket and put it in your mouth later Karan bhai, do you know how to play any instrument Karan bhai, do you know how to play any instrument Karan bhai, do you know how to play any instrument brother, I don't play anything brother, I don't play anything brother, I don't play anything but I want to say something Karan bhai, but I want to say something Karan bhai, but I want to say something Karan bhai, I have met you before, I have met you before, I have met you before, you might remember that ad shoot, you might remember that ad shoot, you might remember that ad shoot, ok, ok, you were there, did ok, ok, you were there, did ok, ok, you were there, did you enjoy it [laughter] no friend brother, he plays well friend [laughter] no friend brother, he plays well friend [laughter] no friend brother, he plays well friend [laughter] thank you brother, thank you, thank you so what happened thank you brother, thank you, thank you so what happened thank you brother, thank you, thank you so what happened there [laughter] no, he came, we were playing, there [laughter] no, he came, we were playing, there [laughter] no, he came, we were playing, after that he left, he didn't even talk that much, didn't even after that he left, he didn't even talk that much, didn't even after that he left, he didn't even talk that much, didn't even take a photo, nothing, hey friend, take a photo, nothing, hey friend, take a photo, nothing, hey friend, look, you are on the show today friend, what a thing look, you are on the show today friend, what a thing look, you are on the show today friend, what a thing [laughter] there will be no photo today also brother brother wrote I have almost choked a brother brother wrote I have almost choked a brother brother wrote I have almost choked a classmate by tangling him with my bare classmate by tangling him with my bare classmate by tangling him with my bare hands.  Didn't he put it in my mouth? hands.  Didn't he put it in my mouth? hands.  Didn't he put it in my mouth? No, that's because I didn't learn anything at that time. No, that's because I didn't learn anything at that time. No, that's because I didn't learn anything at that time. No brother, what happened?  You almost choked a No brother, what happened?  You almost choked a No brother, what happened?  You almost choked a classmate. classmate. classmate. Karan bhai [laughs] Karan bhai [laughs] Karan bhai [laughs] This guy makes love songs, brother. This guy makes love songs, brother. This guy makes love songs, brother. So what happened brother that you almost So what happened brother that you almost So what happened brother that you almost choked a classmate by strangling him. choked a classmate by strangling him. choked a classmate by strangling him. What did he do? What did he do? What did he do? So we had a fight and I got really So we had a fight and I got really So we had a fight and I got really angry.  And I don't know what happened.  The next angry.  And I don't know what happened.  The next angry.  And I don't know what happened.  The next thing I know, I'm like pushing him to the thing I know, I'm like pushing him to the thing I know, I'm like pushing him to the wall and choking him, it's like trying to kill wall and choking him, it's like trying to kill wall and choking him, it's like trying to kill him. I was so scared after that that I thought I'd have died. him. I was so scared after that that I thought I'd have died. him. I was so scared after that that I thought I'd have died. Maybe this wouldn't have happened. If you were in jail, maybe not. Maybe this wouldn't have happened. If you were in jail, maybe not. Maybe this wouldn't have happened. If you were in jail, maybe not. Yes, maybe not. [laughs] Yes, maybe not. [laughs] Yes, maybe not. [laughs] Bro, let's avoid these topics. The Bro, let's avoid these topics. The Bro, let's avoid these topics. The police are very strict there. The police are very police are very strict there. The police are very police are very strict there. The police are very strict here too. strict here too. strict here too. [laughs] The police come here in 30 minutes. police come here in 30 minutes. police come here in 30 minutes. Yes, I know. [laughs] If you order from Flipkart, the Yes, I know. [laughs] If you order from Flipkart, the Yes, I know. [laughs] If you order from Flipkart, the police can come in 10 minutes. police can come in 10 minutes. police can come in 10 minutes. [encouraging voice] The police have come, the police have come, police have come, the police have come, police have come, the police have come, Paaji, some cases have happened to you. I also get cases Paaji, some cases have happened to you. I also get cases Paaji, some cases have happened to you. I also get cases sometimes. sometimes. sometimes. What have you done? Tell me, I have What have you done? Tell me, I have What have you done? Tell me, I have n't faced anything as bad as what happened to you. n't faced anything as bad as what happened to you. Why did you? I never Why did you? I never Why did you? I never asked this. Would you rather do this or that? asked this. Would you rather do this or that? asked this. Would you rather do this or that? What did you do? What did you do? What did you do? I said, I'm [ __ ] Abru, there was a I said, I'm [ __ ] Abru, there was a I said, I'm [ __ ] Abru, there was a case against him, case against him, case against him, and what, man. There was a and what, man. There was a and what, man. There was a case against him, case against him, case against him, and what, what did you do? and what, what did you do? Then what did you do, brother? [laughter] [encouraging voice] man [encouraging voice] man [encouraging voice] man Gul, a case has been filed against you till now. Gul, a case has been filed against you till now. Gul, a case has been filed against you till now. I don't even need it brother.  I would like to I don't even need it brother.  I would like to I don't even need it brother.  I would like to tell the editor, brother, please check the edit.  They don't tell the editor, brother, please check the edit.  They don't tell the editor, brother, please check the edit.  They don't see this.  [laughter] I don't want to play. I don't want to play. I don't want to play. Rahul Bhai, you tell me half a joke. Rahul Bhai, you tell me half a joke. Rahul Bhai, you tell me half a joke. Dude, whoever cracked the joke in the last season, Dude, whoever cracked the joke in the last season, Dude, whoever cracked the joke in the last season, after H for Habit, he has gone to H for Hawalaat, that after H for Habit, he has gone to H for Hawalaat, that after H for Habit, he has gone to H for Hawalaat, that for one hour [laughs] I love you dude, I love you dude, I love you dude, yes I wish I could say the same yes I wish I could say the same yes I wish I could say the same Gurleen Pannu dude, may be you can only abuse him now dude, no dude, no, Gurleen Pannu dude, may be you can only abuse him now dude, no dude, no, I just want to hear him sing, he has I just want to hear him sing, he has I just want to hear him sing, he has also written singing, also written singing, also written singing, some songs are without copyright, sing some some songs are without copyright, sing some some songs are without copyright, sing some without copyright brother, without copyright brother, without copyright brother, yes any of his songs brother, do you have the rights of yes any of his songs brother, do you have the rights of yes any of his songs brother, do you have the rights of your songs, your songs, your songs, yes brother, yes brother, yes brother, sing that one, then sing Goat Goat [laughs] Diamond Naal, that is Diljit, ok ok ok ok ok, he has written it, Diamond Naal, that is Diljit, ok ok ok ok ok, he has written it, I have written it, aren't you happy aunty, I have written it, aren't you happy aunty, I have written it, aren't you happy aunty, that was the most, that was the most, that was the most, brother, these rappers just keep writing each other's songs, brother, these rappers just keep writing each other's songs, brother, these rappers just keep writing each other's songs, dude [laughs] dude [laughs] dude [laughs] Paaji, who has written Brown Rang? Paaji, who has written Brown Rang? Paaji, who has written Brown Rang? This is the one that I just put the cup on This is the one that I just put the cup on This is the one that I just put the cup on its right side. its right side. its right side. No, that's not me either.  [laughter] No, that's not me either.  [laughter] No, that's not me either.  [laughter] So what did you sing about then? So what did you sing about then? So what did you sing about then? Cannot sleep. Cannot sleep. Cannot sleep. Cannot sleep.  Bhai sleep no any of Karan Cannot sleep.  Bhai sleep no any of Karan Cannot sleep.  Bhai sleep no any of Karan Aujla songs? Aujla songs? Aujla songs? Friend, don't sing my praises. Friend, don't sing my praises. Friend, don't sing my praises. Dude, please dude. Dude, please dude. Dude, please dude. No. No. No. Someone should come without auto tune.  [laughs] I love your lips, man.  [laughs] It says Mangalorean cuisine is the best says Mangalorean cuisine is the best says Mangalorean cuisine is the best in India.  Now that's a fight here.  Delhi in India.  Now that's a fight here.  Delhi in India.  Now that's a fight here.  Delhi girl here.  There is a Kashmiri boy here. girl here.  There is a Kashmiri boy here. girl here.  There is a Kashmiri boy here. Canada Visa Here.  [laughs] He Canada Visa Here.  [laughs] He Canada Visa Here.  [laughs] He is a Punjabi, brother. is a Punjabi, brother. is a Punjabi, brother. So a Punjabi cuisine is so good.   It is So a Punjabi cuisine is so good.   It is So a Punjabi cuisine is so good.   It is Delhi cuisine.  Have Delhi cuisine.  Have Delhi cuisine.  Have you eaten Kashmiri food?  What happens in Bangalore is that there are Shetty you eaten Kashmiri food?  What happens in Bangalore is that there are Shetty you eaten Kashmiri food?  What happens in Bangalore is that there are Shetty people.  There are Birwaz.   The people.  There are Birwaz.   The people.  There are Birwaz.   The Barrys are Muslims and the Goins are Barrys are Muslims and the Goins are Barrys are Muslims and the Goins are Catholics.  So every culture has its own Catholics.  So every culture has its own Catholics.  So every culture has its own cuisine style and when you cuisine style and when you cuisine style and when you come to the South, it becomes such a pot of Puri and you get such come to the South, it becomes such a pot of Puri and you get such come to the South, it becomes such a pot of Puri and you get such exotic flavours.  My mouth is exotic flavours.  My mouth is exotic flavours.  My mouth is watering, man.  Look, let's give them watering, man.  Look, let's give them watering, man.  Look, let's give them sex.  [laughter] sex.  [laughter] sex.  [laughter] I love you, man.  This joke has to be said after it is done. I love you, man.  This joke has to be said after it is done. I love you, man.  This joke has to be said after it is done. not a joke storm [laughter] not a joke storm [laughter] not a joke storm [laughter] alright makes noise for sweet and hearty alright makes noise for sweet and hearty alright makes noise for sweet and hearty man [cheering] man [cheering] man [cheering] time to score him brother let's start time to score him brother let's start time to score him brother let's start from Rahul Dua from Rahul Dua from Rahul Dua brother I would like to give you number nine brother I would like to give you number nine brother I would like to give you number nine thank you 10 number from my end brother thank you 10 number from my end brother thank you 10 number from my end brother thank you thank you [laughter] I will give six number one I will give six number one I will give six number one arre you will give six number you have given six six number arre you will give six number you have given six six number arre you will give six number you have given six six number friend.  It doesn't happen like this, friend.  He friend.  It doesn't happen like this, friend.  He friend.  It doesn't happen like this, friend.  He puts a lot in his mouth, man.  [laughter] puts a lot in his mouth, man.  [laughter] puts a lot in his mouth, man.  [laughter] So I'm also telling you, it's number six, So I'm also telling you, it's number six, So I'm also telling you, it's number six, man.  So your average is eight. man.  So your average is eight. man.  So your average is eight. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Wow brother, what confidence you have. Wow brother, what confidence you have. Wow brother, what confidence you have. Brother, you gave 10 on 10 yourself.  Good Brother, you gave 10 on 10 yourself.  Good Brother, you gave 10 on 10 yourself.  Good brother. brother. brother. Thank you so much for joining.  I guess.  Thank Thank you so much for joining.  I guess.  Thank Thank you so much for joining.  I guess.  Thank you. you. you. Thank you [appreciation] so much. Thank you [appreciation] so much. Thank you [appreciation] so much. Make Some Next Act Vijendra Rajak. Brother, please don't fall. Brother, please don't fall. Brother, please don't fall. This is how people try to see Karan Aujla show This is how people try to see Karan Aujla show This is how people try to see Karan Aujla show in the standing section.  [laughter] Brother, my ass is bursting.  My ass is bursting.   It is Brother, my ass is bursting.  My ass is bursting.   It is Brother, my ass is bursting.  My ass is bursting.   It is also visible from behind.   Pull up your also visible from behind.   Pull up your also visible from behind.   Pull up your pants.  [laughter] pants.  [laughter] pants.  [laughter] Sorry friend [applause] [music] brother [applause] brother [applause] brother [applause] hey brother I hey brother I hey brother I thought it would fly in the air now [laughter] oh my god friend nice wow friend guys oh my god friend nice wow friend guys oh my god friend nice wow friend guys clapping friend what a thing [encouraging voice] what a thing [encouraging voice] what a thing [encouraging voice] brother crazy brother brother crazy brother brother crazy brother so you do something are you in some circus paaji so you do something are you in some circus paaji so you do something are you in some circus paaji you are you are you are not I am an acrobatic person by the way I am also a dance choreographer not I am an acrobatic person by the way I am also a dance choreographer not I am an acrobatic person by the way I am also a dance choreographer I have also done reality shows I have also done reality shows I have also done reality shows India is good talent you did not become famous after India talent India is good talent you did not become famous after India talent yes there is so much talent in India where is there a riot it is nonsense you have come yes there is so much talent in India where is there a riot it is nonsense you have come yes there is so much talent in India where is there a riot it is nonsense you have come here to do it here to do it here to do it [applause] ok ok [applause] ok ok [applause] ok ok you have written I am married for two years. you have written I am married for two years. you have written I am married for two years. Happily married.  Happily happy at his house, Happily married.  Happily happy at his house, Happily married.  Happily happy at his house, this is my happy.  This happened after 2 years. this is my happy.  This happened after 2 years. This must have happened due to rotating the tyre.   No no, This must have happened due to rotating the tyre.   No no, This must have happened due to rotating the tyre.   No no, after marriage I suddenly came to know after marriage I suddenly came to know after marriage I suddenly came to know that I did not elope with her. that I did not elope with her. that I did not elope with her. Where did my wall go?  Where did you run away?  [laughter] I'm not running away. not running away. not running away. She turned around and went along. She turned around and went along. She turned around and went along. No, she ran away with me. No, she ran away with me. No, she ran away with me. She took it away running away.   She ran away and took it away. She took it away running away.   She ran away and took it away. Ma'am, please come on stage, ma'am, I had to Ma'am, please come on stage, ma'am, I had to Ma'am, please come on stage, ma'am, I had to chase her away. You do chase her away. You do chase her away. You do n't even have a tube in your tyre [laughs] n't even have a tube in your tyre [laughs] n't even have a tube in your tyre [laughs] Mike ma'am, what is your name? Mike ma'am, what is your name? Mike ma'am, what is your name? My Manju Rajak, My Manju Rajak, My Manju Rajak, Manju ji, Manju ji, you chased her away. Manju ji, Manju ji, you chased her away. Yes, Yes, Yes, tell me the story, how did you do it? tell me the story, how did you do it? tell me the story, how did you do it? We were in a relationship for a month and I had to get We were in a relationship for a month and I had to get We were in a relationship for a month and I had to get married. She also had to get married. It was married. She also had to get married. It was married. She also had to get married. It was n't that I didn't want to get married, but the fact was that n't that I didn't want to get married, but the fact was that n't that I didn't want to get married, but the fact was that my family wasn't agreeing, so I my family wasn't agreeing, so I my family wasn't agreeing, so I thought what should I do, what should I do? I thought what should I do, what should I do? I thought what should I do, what should I do? I told her that her family wasn't agreeing, so told her that her family wasn't agreeing, so told her that her family wasn't agreeing, so she got nervous out of tension. She said, no, she got nervous out of tension. She said, no, she got nervous out of tension. She said, no, what happened? I said, come to the sugarcane shop, I want to meet her. I met her while what happened? I said, come to the sugarcane shop, I want to meet her. I met her while what happened? I said, come to the sugarcane shop, I want to meet her. I met her while sitting in the car, she sitting in the car, she sitting in the car, she said, didi, let's go home, I mean, my sister, we went home, we went there and said, didi, let's go home, I mean, my sister, we went home, we went there and said, didi, let's go home, I mean, my sister, we went home, we went there and said, we want to get married. I said, we want to get married, we want to said, we want to get married. I said, we want to get married, we want to said, we want to get married. I said, we want to get married, we want to waste time. We were roaming around playing and waste time. We were roaming around playing and waste time. We were roaming around playing and jumping. We want to get married. It's just a little hard work. jumping. We want to get married. It's just a little hard work. jumping. We want to get married. It's just a little hard work. I said, we will do it slowly. We have to get married I said, we will do it slowly. We have to get married I said, we will do it slowly. We have to get married today, otherwise we won't do it. today, otherwise we won't do it. today, otherwise we won't do it. You said, You said, You said, yes, I had to get married. I ran away yes, I had to get married. I ran away yes, I had to get married. I ran away from home because I need from home because I need from home because I need money for the wedding. Now we will do it money for the wedding. Now we will do it money for the wedding. Now we will do it from the temple also.  He from the temple also.  He from the temple also.  He said that it costs money to get the certificate and a complaint was lodged there.  The said that it costs money to get the certificate and a complaint was lodged there.  The said that it costs money to get the certificate and a complaint was lodged there.  The police are after me here. police are after me here. police are after me here. My brother was picked up.  Picked everyone up. My brother was picked up.  Picked everyone up. My brother was picked up.  Picked everyone up. Why?   He Why?   He Why?   He said that he forcibly kidnapped the girl. said that he forcibly kidnapped the girl. said that he forcibly kidnapped the girl. And he chased me away.  [laughter] That's what And he chased me away.  [laughter] That's what And he chased me away.  [laughter] That's what I was going to say. I was going to say. I was going to say. Now I called my friend.  Brother, please give me the money. Now I called my friend.  Brother, please give me the money. Now I called my friend.  Brother, please give me the money. I need it.  He is saying that I do I need it.  He is saying that I do I need it.  He is saying that I do n't have money to eat the jailer.  I said I will n't have money to eat the jailer.  I said I will n't have money to eat the jailer.  I said I will feed you in jail.  [laughter] Give me the money. feed you in jail.  [laughter] Give me the money. feed you in jail.  [laughter] Give me the money. A jailer is stuck around my neck. A jailer is stuck around my neck. A jailer is stuck around my neck. So how did you gain so much confidence in him to marry him within a month So how did you gain so much confidence in him to marry him within a month So how did you gain so much confidence in him to marry him within a month ?  Their ?  Their ?  Their nature and meaning is that when they nature and meaning is that when they nature and meaning is that when they see a person, they get that feeling, hi, I mean, that feeling, and I get on top see a person, they get that feeling, hi, I mean, that feeling, and I get on top [laughs], don't you have no [laughs], don't you have no [laughs], don't you have no balance, balance, balance, wow, they keep you on their wow, they keep you on their wow, they keep you on their eyelids, yes, eyelids, yes, eyelids, yes, then they take you around, they keep an eye on you then they take you around, they keep an eye on you then they take you around, they keep an eye on you [encouraging voice] right now, in the hotel, there's no gate in the washroom, I in the hotel, there's no gate in the washroom, I in the hotel, there's no gate in the washroom, I mean, there's no latch, mean, there's no latch, mean, there's no latch, yes, where is this habit, at least yes, where is this habit, at least yes, where is this habit, at least check it a little, I mean, what happens, check it a little, I mean, what happens, check it a little, I mean, what happens, this happens at my house too, like when I go to the washroom, what are you doing, put it back, this happens at my house too, like when I go to the washroom, what are you doing, put it back, I said, come inside, both of us sit I said, come inside, both of us sit I said, come inside, both of us sit half-half [laughs] half-half [laughs] half-half [laughs] I left you here, leave you in the washroom, I am I left you here, leave you in the washroom, I am I left you here, leave you in the washroom, I am here, I am not going anywhere, here, I am not going anywhere, here, I am not going anywhere, you had to come to the show alone, I will you had to come to the show alone, I will you had to come to the show alone, I will also come, so do you not trust them, also come, so do you not trust them, also come, so do you not trust them, this this this trust is there, but there is one thing that remains, that means it is trust is there, but there is one thing that remains, that means it is trust is there, but there is one thing that remains, that means it is important to be around them, to be around them, important to be around them, to be around them, important to be around them, to be around them, so cute friend, there is so cute friend, there is so cute friend, there is one thing that I cannot live alone, I cannot one thing that I cannot live alone, I cannot one thing that I cannot live alone, I cannot live without them at all, this thing live without them at all, this thing live without them at all, this thing because their family members blocked me, I because their family members blocked me, I because their family members blocked me, I mean, they thought that [laughs] [praise] I am saying and  No one is saying that there is no one left. and  No one is saying that there is no one left. and  No one is saying that there is no one left. Manju ji, you seem like such a romantic type.  Does Manju ji, you seem like such a romantic type.  Does Manju ji, you seem like such a romantic type.  Does he ever do anything romantic for you he ever do anything romantic for you he ever do anything romantic for you ?   I have ?   I have ?   I have done a lot. done a lot. done a lot. Yes, tell me something romantic that he has done. Yes, tell me something romantic that he has done. Yes, tell me something romantic that he has done. Meaning, by placing it here and there, I turned my Meaning, by placing it here and there, I turned my Meaning, by placing it here and there, I turned my heart.  [laughter] Your goal in life.  You have to Your goal in life.  You have to Your goal in life.  You have to take your wife to Maldives.   Why so take your wife to Maldives.   Why so take your wife to Maldives.   Why so ? ? ? Why is it such a big dream of yours to Why is it such a big dream of yours to Why is it such a big dream of yours to go to Maldives?  I like it, I mean we will go to Maldives?  I like it, I mean we will go to Maldives?  I like it, I mean we will see it in the videos, otherwise we will see, see it in the videos, otherwise we will see, see it in the videos, otherwise we will see, both of you are very happy, right? Yes, both of you are very happy, right? Yes, both of you are very happy, right? Yes, come on, play this show, I will sponsor you both tickets to the mall come on, play this show, I will sponsor you both tickets to the mall [encouraging voice] [applause] what water friend water water water [laughter] what water friend water water water [laughter] what water friend water water water [laughter] play water play water play water brother so sweet of you brother applaud brother friend brother's friend, brother so sweet of you brother applaud brother friend brother's friend, brother so sweet of you brother applaud brother friend brother's friend, look friend, sometimes we become look friend, sometimes we become look friend, sometimes we become very ungrateful, so man very ungrateful, so man very ungrateful, so man and why not if you can do something with this and why not if you can do something with this and why not if you can do something with this beautiful this beautiful couple. beautiful this beautiful couple. beautiful this beautiful couple. Thank you sir. Thank you sir. Thank you sir. Yes, you are getting it because of your wife. Yes, you are getting it because of your wife. Yes, you are getting it because of your wife. You have no [laughs] in this. You have no [laughs] in this. You have no [laughs] in this. Because of this, we get everything nowadays.   You do Because of this, we get everything nowadays.   You do Because of this, we get everything nowadays.   You do n't have to take the wheel with you there. n't have to take the wheel with you there. n't have to take the wheel with you there. [laughter] I did [laughter] I did [laughter] I did n't want to hit the wheel. n't want to hit the wheel. n't want to hit the wheel. Ok.  Yes sir.  [laughter] Ok.  Yes sir.  [laughter] Ok.  Yes sir.  [laughter] If you don't mind, my brother.  Where is If you don't mind, my brother.  Where is If you don't mind, my brother.  Where is your next show? your next show? your next show? Sir, not right now.  I mean, there are a lot of Sir, not right now.  I mean, there are a lot of Sir, not right now.  I mean, there are a lot of problems going on in my life. problems going on in my life. problems going on in my life. What happened?  Right now, only the two of us are living.  That What happened?  Right now, only the two of us are living.  That What happened?  Right now, only the two of us are living.  That means Bhavi and everyone else separated from my house too.  Right now means Bhavi and everyone else separated from my house too.  Right now means Bhavi and everyone else separated from my house too.  Right now I also live on rent. I also live on rent. I also live on rent. So right now we are doing both and the debt has become very So right now we are doing both and the debt has become very So right now we are doing both and the debt has become very high.  Borrowing from here and high.  Borrowing from here and high.  Borrowing from here and borrowing from there has created a problem.  I still borrowing from there has created a problem.  I still borrowing from there has created a problem.  I still brought my phone by mortgaging it.   Can brought my phone by mortgaging it.   Can brought my phone by mortgaging it.   Can you tell me how much is your loan you tell me how much is your loan you tell me how much is your loan ?   Let me tell you. ?   Let me tell you. Tell me. Tell me. Tell me. Yes, please tell me. Yes, please tell me. Yes, please tell me. Sir, mine is worth ₹1 lakh. Sir, mine is worth ₹1 lakh. Sir, mine is worth ₹1 lakh. I am out. I am out. I am out. Paaji, it wo Paaji, it wo Paaji, it wo n't be that much Paaji, I will try, but I n't be that much Paaji, I will try, but I n't be that much Paaji, I will try, but I hope you get so many shows through this that hope you get so many shows through this that hope you get so many shows through this that you earn 12 lakhs like this brother, Paaji, just you earn 12 lakhs like this brother, Paaji, just you earn 12 lakhs like this brother, Paaji, just look at the camera once and say look at the camera once and say look at the camera once and say please book my show please book my show please book my show [applause] Just say it [applause] Just say it [applause] Just say it once Paaji, please book my show, once Paaji, please book my show, once Paaji, please book my show, not Paaji, please friend [laughter] not Paaji, please friend [laughter] not Paaji, please friend [laughter] yes, yes, yes, give them two AI F's friend, yes I can give it, I will give them two AI F's friend, yes I can give it, I will give them two AI F's friend, yes I can give it, I will give it in the end, give it in the end, give it in the end, their F is mortgaged, your F is also mortgaged, their F is mortgaged, your F is also mortgaged, their F is mortgaged, your F is also mortgaged, not mine brother, not mine brother, not mine brother, their F is mortgaged, their F is mortgaged, so it is their F is mortgaged, their F is mortgaged, so it is their F is mortgaged, their F is mortgaged, so it is broken, right, broken, right, broken, right, you kept the F mortgaged, why, first tell me you kept the F mortgaged, why, first tell me you kept the F mortgaged, why, first tell me sir, I had to come, I mean, my expenses, like I have sir, I had to come, I mean, my expenses, like I have sir, I had to come, I mean, my expenses, like I have not come here at all, I don't have rent yet, I have given not come here at all, I don't have rent yet, I have given you the money for coming, you the money for coming, yes, I have given it, like I have to leave from here, yes, I have given it, like I have to leave from here, we will pay for that too, brother, we don't give just one ticket, so what do we will pay for that too, brother, we don't give just one ticket, so what do you think, Karan Bhai, I will send you the mobile you think, Karan Bhai, I will send you the mobile so we will take care of the return too, friend.   That's for you. for you. for you. Thank you sir.   Thank Thank you sir.   Thank Thank you sir.   Thank you. you. you. There you go.  Now don't mortgage it.  You wo There you go.  Now don't mortgage it.  You wo There you go.  Now don't mortgage it.  You wo n't get anything from this.  [laughter] Brother, he Brother, he Brother, he said such nice things about you.  I want you to said such nice things about you.  I want you to said such nice things about you.  I want you to also tell me about Manju ji. also tell me about Manju ji. also tell me about Manju ji. What are your favorite one or two qualities about them? What are your favorite one or two qualities about them? What are your favorite one or two qualities about them? No, of all the people who have come into my life No, of all the people who have come into my life No, of all the people who have come into my life , the most lovely ones were the girls.  The , the most lovely ones were the girls.  The , the most lovely ones were the girls.  The sweetest thing besides this is dirty praise.   I am sweetest thing besides this is dirty praise.   I am sweetest thing besides this is dirty praise.   I am saying this to praise you, yes you are saying this, saying this to praise you, yes you are saying this, saying this to praise you, yes you are saying this, before this I had many girls. before this I had many girls. before this I had many girls. Meaning it is the best at that time.   She Meaning it is the best at that time.   She Meaning it is the best at that time.   She neither doubts nor gets angry.  And the current neither doubts nor gets angry.  And the current neither doubts nor gets angry.  And the current situation is such that today's girls do not situation is such that today's girls do not situation is such that today's girls do not doubt anything good.  Yes.  She doesn't doubt it, does she? doubt anything good.  Yes.  She doesn't doubt it, does she? doubt anything good.  Yes.  She doesn't doubt it, does she? So your previous girlfriend was very suspicious of you So your previous girlfriend was very suspicious of you So your previous girlfriend was very suspicious of you ? ? ? Yes.  Are? Yes.  Are? Yes.  Are? Well, Manju, you never doubted him? Well, Manju, you never doubted him? Well, Manju, you never doubted him? No, I have never done it with anyone. No, I have never done it with anyone. No, I have never done it with anyone. No, is his nature very good? No, is his nature very good? No, is his nature very good? My condition is bad right now.  But nowadays girls would My condition is bad right now.  But nowadays girls would My condition is bad right now.  But nowadays girls would leave it.  The situation that is going on right now.  But leave it.  The situation that is going on right now.  But leave it.  The situation that is going on right now.  But she is always there and still speaks. she is always there and still speaks. she is always there and still speaks. You have mortgaged it, brother.  [laughs] You have mortgaged it, brother.  [laughs] You have mortgaged it, brother.  [laughs] And how will she leave from home, brother?  She And how will she leave from home, brother?  She And how will she leave from home, brother?  She wants to run away from home.  [ __ ]' pawned the stuff wants to run away from home.  [ __ ]' pawned the stuff wants to run away from home.  [ __ ]' pawned the stuff [laughs] this guy, man.  I do [laughs] this guy, man.  I do [laughs] this guy, man.  I do n't have any of this stuff. n't have any of this stuff. n't have any of this stuff. It's for a reason, man.   No no, it is not like that. It's for a reason, man.   No no, it is not like that. It's for a reason, man.   No no, it is not like that. Is very lovely. Is very lovely. Is very lovely. You guys definitely You guys definitely You guys definitely didi also likes you.  Meaning, it is kept very well.   That's didi also likes you.  Meaning, it is kept very well.   That's very true, friend. very true, friend. very true, friend. A big round of applause for Vijendra Bhai, friend.  Thank you sir.   Thank A big round of applause for Vijendra Bhai, friend.  Thank you sir.   Thank A big round of applause for Vijendra Bhai, friend.  Thank you sir.   Thank you.  [Applause] you.  [Applause] you.  [Applause] Time to score Vijendra Rajak bhai.  May you Time to score Vijendra Rajak bhai.  May you Time to score Vijendra Rajak bhai.  May you start from Rahul Dua. start from Rahul Dua. start from Rahul Dua. Brother, I want to give you 10 out of 10 marks. Brother, I want to give you 10 out of 10 marks. Brother, I want to give you 10 out of 10 marks. For your acting, For your acting, For your acting, for your personality and for your cute couple for your personality and for your cute couple for your personality and for your cute couple dynamics, it was a lot of fun meeting you. dynamics, it was a lot of fun meeting you. Brother, I have given 10 marks for both of you, 10 Brother, I have given 10 marks for both of you, 10 Brother, I have given 10 marks for both of you, 10 extra marks for you. extra marks for you. extra marks for you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. I give eight so that there is some balance. I give eight so that there is some balance. Good average too at Good average too at Good average too at 10 yes I will give nine. 10 yes I will give nine. 10 yes I will give nine. Brother, I give you 10 on 10.  I really Brother, I give you 10 on 10.  I really Brother, I give you 10 on 10.  I really like you both man.   Yes like you both man.   Yes like you both man.   Yes sir. sir. sir. What if he gave himself 10, who What if he gave himself 10, who What if he gave himself 10, who knows? knows? knows? That makes your average.  9.5 That makes your average.  9.5 That makes your average.  9.5 ohms. ohms. ohms. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. I am thinking of changing my I am thinking of changing my I am thinking of changing my score. score. score. What brother, What brother, What brother, what is it brother, brother, brother, first it came to my mind that I should give you 9.5, first it came to my mind that I should give you 9.5, first it came to my mind that I should give you 9.5, I said I will give you nine I said I will give you nine I said I will give you nine because you did not win, we wanted you to win, because you did not win, we wanted you to win, because you did not win, we wanted you to win, I want you to go out more, not just I want you to go out more, not just I want you to go out more, not just malls, you can also travel in India, so on malls, you can also travel in India, so on malls, you can also travel in India, so on behalf of District I am giving you behalf of District I am giving you behalf of District I am giving you 50000 District points 50000, 50000 District points 50000, 50000 District points 50000, so you can go to any restaurant in so you can go to any restaurant in so you can go to any restaurant in District and have food for ₹00, District and have food for ₹00, District and have food for ₹00, anytime that you want, let's go, thank you so much anytime that you want, let's go, thank you so much anytime that you want, let's go, thank you so much for joining for joining for joining Vijendra Bhai [praise] Vijendra Bhai [praise] Vijendra Bhai [praise] I love you all the best Hey brother He is teasing Tanmay Butt. He is teasing Tanmay Butt. He is teasing Tanmay Butt. Wow, oh Wow, oh Wow, oh my god, my god, my god, sir, the waist is missing, brother, I feel like sir, the waist is missing, brother, I feel like sir, the waist is missing, brother, I feel like eating noodles inside this, eating noodles inside this, eating noodles inside this, my brother, give him some protein [music] brother, give him some protein [music] brother, give him some protein [music] he needs it, take it from him, sisterfucker, he will not do it on the he needs it, take it from him, sisterfucker, he will not do it on the he needs it, take it from him, sisterfucker, he will not do it on the table. table. table. Okay, hey, let's go, let's go Okay, hey, let's go, let's go Okay, hey, let's go, let's go brother, he's having a really bad day today. brother, he's having a really bad day today. brother, he's having a really bad day today. Fun Fun Fun brother, you are my security.  You are losing brother, you are my security.  You are losing brother, you are my security.  You are losing to anyone anyway.  [laughter] to anyone anyway.  [laughter] to anyone anyway.  [laughter] Karan Ojala brother. Karan Ojala brother. Karan Ojala brother. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. How did you like his body? How did you like his body? How did you like his body? No meaning. No meaning. No meaning. No, I mean speak carefully brother.  Have No, I mean speak carefully brother.  Have No, I mean speak carefully brother.  Have you seen his body? you seen his body? you seen his body? No brother, he is flexing properly.  What do I No brother, he is flexing properly.  What do I No brother, he is flexing properly.  What do I mean now? mean now? mean now? You are also flexing.  Look at the watch, it is worth Rs 5 You are also flexing.  Look at the watch, it is worth Rs 5 You are also flexing.  Look at the watch, it is worth Rs 5 crore. crore. crore. Brother, you also do it like this.  [laughs] Brother, if you don't like any of my jokes Brother, if you don't like any of my jokes Brother, if you don't like any of my jokes , throw a watch in my face. , throw a watch in my face. , throw a watch in my face. Dude, Dude, Dude, if your mood gets worse, you should if your mood gets worse, you should if your mood gets worse, you should immediately throw me out of here. [laughter] immediately throw me out of here. [laughter] immediately throw me out of here. [laughter] Throw him in your private [laughter] I can't hear him from here. Throw him in your private [laughter] I can't hear him from here. Throw him in your private [laughter] I can't hear him from here. And And And Deep Gopal Lokhande, what you've done is right. I Deep Gopal Lokhande, what you've done is right. I Deep Gopal Lokhande, what you've done is right. I mean, it's mean, it's mean, it's right to do all this. Getting naked right to do all this. Getting naked right to do all this. Getting naked in public in public is okay. If I in public in public is okay. If I in public in public is okay. If I 'm 18 plus, it's okay. I guess I'm 18 plus, 'm 18 plus, it's okay. I guess I'm 18 plus, 'm 18 plus, it's okay. I guess I'm 18 plus, so you'll so you'll so you'll roam around naked. 18 plus, half naked, roam around naked. 18 plus, half naked, roam around naked. 18 plus, half naked, half negative. half negative. half negative. This is not right, brother. Brother, you This is not right, brother. Brother, you This is not right, brother. Brother, you flex so hard. Sometimes the nude gets on like this. I flex so hard. Sometimes the nude gets on like this. I mean [laughter] When the train overflows, the police. Hello friends, the lights went out in the middle of the show. Hello friends, the lights went out in the middle of the show. Hello friends, the lights went out in the middle of the show. Brother, what nudity did you see? Brother, what nudity did you see? Brother, what nudity did you see? [laughter] The lights will be ashamed. lights will be ashamed. lights will be ashamed. What a scene with the lights. Tushar, What a scene with the lights. Tushar, What a scene with the lights. Tushar, another show. another show. another show. Oh, it won't come. If we stop here, Oh, it won't come. If we stop here, Oh, it won't come. If we stop here, it's Mumbai City. Dude it's Mumbai City. Dude it's Mumbai City. Dude also gave it a try. also gave it a try. also gave it a try. Check, check, brother. I was making fun of your show so much. brother. I was making fun of your show so much. brother. I was making fun of your show so much. Sorry brother. What is this?  This Flipkart arrived What is this?  This Flipkart arrived What is this?  This Flipkart arrived so quickly. so quickly. so quickly. Friends, the lights may go but brand integration should not Friends, the lights may go but brand integration should not Friends, the lights may go but brand integration should not go. go. go. Here you go friend.  This is Veer Biceps High. Here you go friend.  This is Veer Biceps High. Here you go friend.  This is Veer Biceps High. Yes good. Paji one or two songs. Paji one or two songs. Paji one or two songs. Who is sitting there? Who is sitting there? Who is sitting there? Show me his face.  Who is it?  Who is it? Show me his face.  Who is it?  Who is it? Show me his face.  Who is it?  Who is it? Your [cheering voice] Your [cheering voice] Your [cheering voice] mic is working. mic is working. mic is working. Okay, will you sing along with me?  Which Okay, will you sing along with me?  Which Okay, will you sing along with me?  Which boyfriend should I sing? boyfriend should I sing? boyfriend should I sing? Boyfriend Boyfriend Boyfriend Saathsa Tere Ko Sing Naagi. Saathsa Tere Ko Sing Naagi. Saathsa Tere Ko Sing Naagi. Come come brother, come come come. [applause] Wow. [applause] Wow. [applause] Wow. You're getting quite strong.  Let's start with the boyfriend first. You're getting quite strong.  Let's start with the boyfriend first. Come on brother, let's beat everyone.  Okay, no one, I will sing it like this brother.   It's done [screaming] It's done [screaming] It's done Someone went someone Someone went someone Someone went someone took away [cheering voice] He took away took away [cheering voice] He took away took away [cheering voice] He took away Someone went and took away Someone went and took away Someone went and took away from Hariya from Hariya What's the matter What's the matter What's the matter Okay okay I too needed it in the end I too needed it in the end I too needed it in the end Okay okay okay okay okay Okay okay okay okay okay Okay okay okay okay okay tell me one more village tell me one more village tell me one more village [cheering voice] Will you [cheering voice] Will you [cheering voice] Will you sing along [screaming voice] No, whoever you are, I didn't cast an evil sing along [screaming voice] No, whoever you are, I didn't cast an evil sing along [screaming voice] No, whoever you are, I didn't cast an evil eye on you I don't know about your eye on you I don't know about your eye on you I don't know about your pride I don't know about yours I don't know what's the matter pride I don't know about yours I don't know what's the matter friend friend friend all the girls' songs are on the air Thank you friend Thank you so all the girls' songs are on the air Thank you friend Thank you so all the girls' songs are on the air Thank you friend Thank you so much much much Okay let's go down and freshen up a bit Okay let's go down and freshen up a bit Okay let's go down and freshen up a bit 15 minutes 15 minutes 15 minutes Yes brother let's go Yes brother let's go Yes brother let's go Okay will yes Okay will yes Okay will yes one second first let them leave then we will I will I will one second first let them leave then we will I will I will one second first let them leave then we will I will I will manage the crowd you guys go down just like manage the crowd you guys go down just like manage the crowd you guys go down just like 15 minutes 15 minutes 15 minutes while scenes Okay see if Millers is open we can drink down Okay see if Millers is open we can drink down Okay see if Millers is open we can drink down until then Millers Mill it is so a one second one Millers Mill it is so a one second one Millers Mill it is so a one second one second a I am sure we can afford it drinks on I am sure we can afford it drinks on I am sure we can afford it drinks on time time time So let's but but but listen So let's but but but listen So let's but but but listen line by line let's go here yes line by line let's go here yes line by line let's go here yes actually or start from the back actually or start from the back actually or start from the back One by one one by one slowly slowly slowly One by one one by one slowly slowly slowly One by one one by one slowly slowly slowly drinks I will come I will come I will join you guys I join you guys drinks I will come I will come I will join you guys I join you guys sister [ __ ] he is saying give me food also brother sister [ __ ] he is saying give me food also brother sister [ __ ] he is saying give me food also brother Friends till the lights come back in the habitat Friends till the lights come back in the habitat Friends till the lights come back in the habitat I have come to tell you something very important if I have come to tell you something very important if I have come to tell you something very important if you are watching the latest at home.  You are doing very you are watching the latest at home.  You are doing very you are watching the latest at home.  You are doing very well.  But the real fun of latent well.  But the real fun of latent well.  But the real fun of latent is in watching it live sitting in this room. is in watching it live sitting in this room. is in watching it live sitting in this room. See, anything can happen.  Sometimes the lights go out, See, anything can happen.  Sometimes the lights go out, See, anything can happen.  Sometimes the lights go out, sometimes we dance, sometimes we laugh, sometimes sometimes we dance, sometimes we laugh, sometimes sometimes we dance, sometimes we laugh, sometimes we cry.  That happens after the episode is released. we cry.  That happens after the episode is released. we cry.  That happens after the episode is released. But if you want to But if you want to But if you want to experience all this while sitting in your room, then here is the experience all this while sitting in your room, then here is the experience all this while sitting in your room, then here is the QR code.  You can scan this QR code.  You can scan this QR code.  You can scan this and you can be part of all my life shows and you can be part of all my life shows and you can be part of all my life shows including my India tour, my world including my India tour, my world including my India tour, my world tour and latent life.  So this is a QR code. tour and latent life.  So this is a QR code. tour and latent life.  So this is a QR code. Scan Your Tickets and Scan this Scan Your Tickets and Scan this Scan Your Tickets and Scan this QR Code and Get Your Tickets Right Now. QR Code and Get Your Tickets Right Now. QR Code and Get Your Tickets Right Now. Just like that Karan was doing the same show again. What's up friend?  Bring back the naked man. What's up friend?  Bring back the naked man. What's up friend?  Bring back the naked man. Come sisterfucker, Deep Gopal, come back friend.   I have arrived. Come sisterfucker, Deep Gopal, come back friend.   I have arrived. Come brother. Come brother. Come brother. Brother, how much time did it take you to build such a body Brother, how much time did it take you to build such a body Brother, how much time did it take you to build such a body ? ? ? I have been continuing my workout for four years. I have been continuing my workout for four years. I have been continuing my workout for four years. And what do you do for protein? And what do you do for protein? And what do you do for protein? You eat Muscle Bleus, right?  Avatar avatar You eat Muscle Bleus, right?  Avatar avatar You eat Muscle Bleus, right?  Avatar avatar avatar avatar.   Have avatar avatar.   Have you tried the Hold Truth protein bar? you tried the Hold Truth protein bar? you tried the Hold Truth protein bar? Avatar avatar avatar avatar.  [laughter] Avatar avatar avatar avatar.  [laughter] Avatar avatar avatar avatar.  [laughter] Super you, right?  Sisterfucker friend.  A brand has come with Super you, right?  Sisterfucker friend.  A brand has come with Super you, right?  Sisterfucker friend.  A brand has come with great difficulty, friend.  So great difficulty, friend.  So great difficulty, friend.  So how do you like the Avatar Protein?   I how do you like the Avatar Protein?   I how do you like the Avatar Protein?   I mean I have tried it, of course top mean I have tried it, of course top mean I have tried it, of course top quality but very high budget. quality but very high budget. quality but very high budget. How much is this?   Is How much is this?   Is How much is this?   Is anything too high budget for you?   No no, anything too high budget for you?   No no, anything too high budget for you?   No no, still. still. still. How much is it?  ₹120. How much is it?  ₹120. How much is it?  ₹120. Then why did you give me the 80 one? Then why did you give me the 80 one? Then why did you give me the 80 one? Okay, this one, sorry, sorry, ok Okay, this one, sorry, sorry, ok Okay, this one, sorry, sorry, ok brother, get your drink too, friend, please, brother, get your drink too, friend, please, brother, get your drink too, friend, please, he also started a drink recently he also started a drink recently he also started a drink recently with Virat Kohli, with Virat Kohli, with Virat Kohli, oh let's go, he has done oh let's go, he has done oh let's go, he has done clothing with Virat Kohli, clothing with Virat Kohli, clothing with Virat Kohli, I made this drink myself, ok, ok I made this drink myself, ok, ok I made this drink myself, ok, ok [laughs] sometimes you say Diljit to me, [laughs] sometimes you say Diljit to me, [laughs] sometimes you say Diljit to me, sometimes ok, ok, no, sometimes ok, ok, no, sometimes ok, ok, no, you started it, you started it, you started it, see, all this is average, ok, this zero see, all this is average, ok, this zero see, all this is average, ok, this zero sugar, if you want to take care of yourself, then cut down on sugar. sugar, if you want to take care of yourself, then cut down on sugar. And the test in this is also zero by the way. And the test in this is also zero by the way. And the test in this is also zero by the way. So Rahul is coming from zero on a world So Rahul is coming from zero on a world So Rahul is coming from zero on a world tour soon [cheering voice] may be if tour soon [cheering voice] may be if tour soon [cheering voice] may be if you can give a shout out to your you can give a shout out to your you can give a shout out to your world tour friend. world tour friend. world tour friend. Or did someone confiscate my passport? Or did someone confiscate my passport? Or did someone confiscate my passport? Brother, there's nothing like that, brother. Brother, there's nothing like that, brother. Brother, there's nothing like that, brother. For one hour really good humor good Rahul I love you man. Written here I Had So Many Weird Grey Written here I Had So Many Weird Grey Written here I Had So Many Weird Grey Interactions.  I love your lips.  [laughs] I Interactions.  I love your lips.  [laughs] I Interactions.  I love your lips.  [laughs] I mean, there are a lot of weird people on Instagram. mean, there are a lot of weird people on Instagram. mean, there are a lot of weird people on Instagram. I want you.  I want yours. I want you.  I want yours. I want you.  I want yours. Such things keep coming. Such things keep coming. Such things keep coming. [Cheering voice] Here comes the [Cheering voice] Here comes the [Cheering voice] Here comes the DM. DM. DM. Hey friend, I had messaged you privately, you Hey friend, I had messaged you privately, you Hey friend, I had messaged you privately, you sisterfucker.  Why are you telling sisterfucker.  Why are you telling sisterfucker.  Why are you telling everyone publicly [laughs], friend?  I was talking to you with such love, friend. everyone publicly [laughs], friend?  I was talking to you with such love, friend. You have written here that I am really good You have written here that I am really good You have written here that I am really good at making bad and unfunny jokes.  Why do at making bad and unfunny jokes.  Why do at making bad and unfunny jokes.  Why do you do this? you do this? you do this? Or it happens to you.   It happens, Or it happens to you.   It happens, Or it happens to you.   It happens, meaning whatever happens, happens meaning whatever happens, happens meaning whatever happens, happens with the close one.   It happens sometimes.   It will become with the close one.   It happens sometimes.   It will become one. one. one. You still have it on your heart before the lights go out. You still have it on your heart before the lights go out. Tell me one.  Tell me one, unfinished. Tell me one.  Tell me one, unfinished. Tell me one.  Tell me one, unfinished. Tell me one friend, should I Tell me one friend, should I Tell me one friend, should I tell you one?  My friend and I were just talking on the tell you one?  My friend and I were just talking on the tell you one?  My friend and I were just talking on the call.  So he was saying that I call.  So he was saying that I call.  So he was saying that I bought this for Rs 5,000, I bought this for Rs 10,000.  I was bought this for Rs 5,000, I bought this for Rs 10,000.  I was bought this for Rs 5,000, I bought this for Rs 10,000.  I was telling it like this.  So I said why do you want to telling it like this.  So I said why do you want to telling it like this.  So I said why do you want to buy all this brother what is it like that he says that buy all this brother what is it like that he says that buy all this brother what is it like that he says that he does it just for fun brother then he does it just for fun brother then he does it just for fun brother then I said brother you should go and touch the current it was I said brother you should go and touch the current it was I said brother you should go and touch the current it was dirty I mean I know it was dirty dirty I mean I know it was dirty dirty I mean I know it was dirty oh my god [laughs] oh my god [laughs] oh my god [laughs] to heal from true jokes go to Rahul show to heal from true jokes go to Rahul show to heal from true jokes go to Rahul show for much better comedy for much better comedy for much better comedy for much much better comedy for much much better comedy for much much better comedy brother when this light went off my whole body changed brother when this light went off my whole body changed brother when this light went off my whole body changed love you Samay bhai love you Samay love you Samay bhai love you Samay love you Samay bhai love you Samay love you too friend come on man Deep bhai I have a question love you too friend come on man Deep bhai I have a question love you too friend come on man Deep bhai I have a question yes yes you have written here that I am yes yes you have written here that I am yes yes you have written here that I am currently on a more than 100 day no fab currently on a more than 100 day no fab currently on a more than 100 day no fab streak it has been streak it has been streak it has been 100 days for you more than 100 days for you more than 100 days for you more than brother last time a guy did no fab right brother last time a guy did no fab right brother last time a guy did no fab right why why are you doing this no fab 100 why why are you doing this no fab 100 why why are you doing this no fab 100 days streak days streak days streak means I had become kind of addicted to that means I had become kind of addicted to that means I had become kind of addicted to that thing so then I had to change it ki it thing so then I had to change it ki it thing so then I had to change it ki it also has protein something like that also has protein something like that also has protein something like that paaji Karan paaji yaar paaji Karan paaji yaar paaji Karan paaji yaar I  I won't say anything about it I  I won't say anything about it I  I won't say anything about it but you do all this, my but you do all this, my brother needs a little, my brother needs a little, my brother needs it a lot [laughter] come, brother needs it a lot [laughter] come, brother needs it a lot [laughter] come, I'll do it, then I'm married, my brother, it's okay, I'm married, my brother, it's okay, I'm married, my brother, it's okay, brother, we'll both turn off the camera [laughter] brother, we'll both turn off the camera [laughter] brother, we'll both turn off the camera [laughter] so it's written here, what else is written here, so it's written here, what else is written here, so it's written here, what else is written here, brother, ask, Tanu Bhai, you ask, you're also brother, ask, Tanu Bhai, you ask, you're also brother, ask, Tanu Bhai, you ask, you're also asking the right question, asking the right question, asking the right question, brother, brother, brother, ask the drug dealer, ask the drug dealer, ask the drug dealer, okay, ask the drug trafficker, yes, he'll okay, ask the drug trafficker, yes, he'll okay, ask the drug trafficker, yes, he'll keep it on the edit, right [laughter] keep it on the edit, right [laughter] keep it on the edit, right [laughter] brother, so which drug do you like, friend, brother, so which drug do you like, friend, brother, so which drug do you like, friend, sorry, friend, they sorry, friend, they sorry, friend, they ask like this, sorry, sorry, let me ask like this, sorry, sorry, let me ask like this, sorry, sorry, let me tell you how to ask, the cyber cell will also tell you how to ask, the cyber cell will also tell you how to ask, the cyber cell will also look into this, you've written a very bad thing here look into this, you've written a very bad thing here look into this, you've written a very bad thing here if you could get away with one crime, it would be if you could get away with one crime, it would be if you could get away with one crime, it would be drug trafficking, seriously, man, I mean, it drug trafficking, seriously, man, I mean, it drug trafficking, seriously, man, I mean, it was inspired by Breaking Bad, I mean, it would be a bit was inspired by Breaking Bad, I mean, it would be a bit was inspired by Breaking Bad, I mean, it would be a bit thrilling, thrilling, thrilling, it's not correct it's not correct it's not correct [laughter] I mean, it's not right, and which [laughter] I mean, it's not right, and which [laughter] I mean, it's not right, and which crime do you commit, it's wrong, drugs, yes, yes, have crime do you commit, it's wrong, drugs, yes, yes, have crime do you commit, it's wrong, drugs, yes, yes, have you ever done it? you ever done it? you ever done it? Never of course never then Never of course never then Never of course never then why do you want to do drug trafficking I mean right now which why do you want to do drug trafficking I mean right now which why do you want to do drug trafficking I mean right now which crime do I write, I don't write murder of course crime do I write, I don't write murder of course crime do I write, I don't write murder of course well if one murder is legal then you have well if one murder is legal then you have well if one murder is legal then you have one murder one murder one murder Ranveer Allahabad [laughs] Ranveer Allahabad [laughs] Ranveer Allahabad [laughs] hey friend hey friend hey friend no friend come on man he no friend come on man he no friend come on man he thought about his death [laughs] thought about his death [laughs] thought about his death [laughs] sweet sung man come on because of him so many sweet sung man come on because of him so many sweet sung man come on because of him so many sponsors have come in this season shout out to sponsors have come in this season shout out to sponsors have come in this season shout out to my man Ranveeriya my man Ranveeriya my man Ranveeriya 65 million views 65 million views 65 million views brother it was fun watching you both brothers come back brother it was fun watching you both brothers come back brother it was fun watching you both brothers come back in one year of controversy in one year of controversy in one year of controversy learn something. learn something. learn something. Alright time to score this guy who I want Alright time to score this guy who I want Alright time to score this guy who I want to score later. to score later. to score later. Brother, I want to give you number nine.   This is the Brother, I want to give you number nine.   This is the Brother, I want to give you number nine.   This is the first time I've given numbers to someone's naked body. first time I've given numbers to someone's naked body. first time I've given numbers to someone's naked body. Number nine, thank you.  Thank you. Number nine, thank you.  Thank you. Number nine, thank you.  Thank you. Why have you cut one?  By looking at the nipple. Why have you cut one?  By looking at the nipple. Why have you cut one?  By looking at the nipple. [laughter] That's eight numbers from me.  At Numbers. eight numbers from me.  At Numbers. eight numbers from me.  At Numbers. Why cut two numbers?  One for each nipple Why cut two numbers?  One for each nipple Why cut two numbers?  One for each nipple One for each nipple. One for each nipple. One for each nipple. Paaji, I will give you six marks. Paaji, I will give you six marks. Paaji, I will give you six marks. Why are you cutting six and four marks, brother? Why are you cutting six and four marks, brother? Why are you cutting six and four marks, brother? I have not come here to see this, brother. I have not come here to see this, brother. I have not come here to see this, brother. [laughter] Come on man. [laughter] Come on man. [laughter] Come on man. Sorry friend. Sorry friend. Sorry friend. And if everyone had given 10, his 100 days tree would have been And if everyone had given 10, his 100 days tree would have been And if everyone had given 10, his 100 days tree would have been finished brother.  [laughs] I finished brother.  [laughs] I finished brother.  [laughs] I really found you very attractive.  Thank really found you very attractive.  Thank really found you very attractive.  Thank you.  Thank you. you.  Thank you. you.  Thank you. I give it to you. I give it to you. I give it to you. No, man, don't do this.   That's No, man, don't do this.   That's No, man, don't do this.   That's it. it. it. Later, definitely Later, definitely Later, definitely I want to give you that's pretty much it, I don't know. So I'll give you a So I'll give you a So I'll give you a 10, man. So that makes your average 8.5, nine, nine?  Nice [ __ ] man [ __ ] they're so close just like I was when I saw you said nine, nine?  Nice [ __ ] man [ __ ] they're so close just like I was when I saw you said nine, nine?  Nice [ __ ] man [ __ ] they're so close just like I was when I saw you said man it's fun Deep Gopal thank you so much I man it's fun Deep Gopal thank you so much I man it's fun Deep Gopal thank you so much I wish you one more [cheering voice] wish you one more [cheering voice] wish you one more [cheering voice] all right all right make some next Gaurav Madan all right make some next Gaurav Madan all right make some next Gaurav Madan it's gonna do some stand up comedy with the it's gonna do some stand up comedy with the it's gonna do some stand up comedy with the guitar. guitar. guitar. Brother, the previous one took away all the muscle. Brother, the previous one took away all the muscle. Brother, the previous one took away all the muscle. Guys for real amazing comedy goal show my [cheering] man touring all across my [cheering] man touring all across my [cheering] man touring all across the world. the world. the world. I love you Rahul Bhai. I love you Rahul Bhai. I love you Rahul Bhai. You too brother.   He has been beating me every day for the last 100 days.  [laughs] He has a different streak going on, Paaji.  I different streak going on, Paaji.  I different streak going on, Paaji.  I also took a break for a day in between.  Guys let's have also took a break for a day in between.  Guys let's have also took a break for a day in between.  Guys let's have a round of applause for Gaurav Madan Yaar.   Let's a round of applause for Gaurav Madan Yaar.   Let's a round of applause for Gaurav Madan Yaar.   Let's go.  Let's go.  Let's go.  [Praise] go.  Let's go.  Let's go.  [Praise] go.  Let's go.  Let's go.  [Praise] I have been going to the gym regularly for six years. I have been going to the gym regularly for six years. I have been going to the gym regularly for six years. [laughter] That wasn't a joke, brother.  No, I am actually [laughter] That wasn't a joke, brother.  No, I am actually [laughter] That wasn't a joke, brother.  No, I am actually going to the gym and in my gym I going to the gym and in my gym I going to the gym and in my gym I recently heard a song.  The lyrics of that song recently heard a song.  The lyrics of that song recently heard a song.  The lyrics of that song were Luck 28 Kudida 47 Wait Kudida. were Luck 28 Kudida 47 Wait Kudida. were Luck 28 Kudida 47 Wait Kudida. Right?  Its meaning is basically that the girl Right?  Its meaning is basically that the girl Right?  Its meaning is basically that the girl 's waist size is 28 and her weight is 47. 's waist size is 28 and her weight is 47. 's waist size is 28 and her weight is 47. Right?  While listening to this song, I realized Right?  While listening to this song, I realized Right?  While listening to this song, I realized that my measurement is also the same.  [laughs] [laughs] I have the perfect body for a [laughs] I have the perfect body for a [laughs] I have the perfect body for a Punjabi supermodel. But I have written this song about going to the gym like this. But I have written this song about going to the gym like this. But I have written this song about going to the gym like this. You people have heard that song of Arijit Singh ji, You people have heard that song of Arijit Singh ji, You people have heard that song of Arijit Singh ji, Khamoshiyan.   You wo Khamoshiyan.   You wo Khamoshiyan.   You wo n't be able to hear it after today.  Sorry it goes n't be able to hear it after today.  Sorry it goes n't be able to hear it after today.  Sorry it goes like [nasal voice] I did leg day tomorrow evening Now I will did leg day tomorrow evening Now I will did leg day tomorrow evening Now I will [song voice] I find [song voice] I find [song voice] I find my trainer standing there He's a monster I'll strangle him my trainer standing there He's a monster I'll strangle him my trainer standing there He's a monster I'll strangle him desperately [song voice] desperately [song voice] desperately [song voice] Every body part needs rest Weakness Weaknesses are in the legs are in the legs are in the legs Weaknesses Weaknesses are in the thighs Did your pajamas get stuck in those machines your pajamas get stuck in those machines your pajamas get stuck in those machines [laughter] I had to lie down and get my legs stuck I went to drink water someone brought a dumbbell Should I tell you what all happened to me I've tell you what all happened to me I've tell you what all happened to me I've also taken magnesium I've started eating omega three also taken magnesium I've started eating omega three also taken magnesium I've started eating omega three [song voice] [ [song voice] [ [song voice] [ music] [encouraging voice] [ music] [encouraging voice] [ music] [encouraging voice] [ encouraging voice] encouraging voice] encouraging voice] I used to be a vegetarian Now I boil eggs in the morning I used to be a vegetarian Now I boil eggs in the morning I used to be a vegetarian Now I boil eggs in the morning Protein intake Protein intake Protein intake [song voice] [music] It wasn't complete [song voice] [music] It wasn't complete [song voice] [music] It wasn't complete but my digestion improved but my digestion improved but my digestion improved [encouraging voice] Weaknesses [music] Weaknesses are in the thighs. in the thighs. in the thighs. Thank [Soundbite of cheering] you. Open, open, open, open, quickly, quickly. Oh my God. What What What [applause] oh [ __ ] bro.  What a rockstar I was, [applause] oh [ __ ] bro.  What a rockstar I was, I have written it from my heart, friend. I I have written it from my heart, friend. I I have written it from my heart, friend. I cannot write it with my fists [laughs]. Since when have you been doing this, when have you been doing this, when have you been doing this, I wrote this song only six months I wrote this song only six months I wrote this song only six months ago. I have been doing stand-up for five or six years. ago. I have been doing stand-up for five or six years. What's the matter, friend, you have written here that you have done 100 What's the matter, friend, you have written here that you have done 100 What's the matter, friend, you have written here that you have done 100 days challenge. days challenge. days challenge. 100 days 100 push-ups challenge. I used to do one 100 days 100 push-ups challenge. I used to do one 100 days 100 push-ups challenge. I used to do one push-up daily [laughter] [encouraging voice] [applause] [encouraging voice] [applause] [encouraging voice] [applause] Well Gaurav Bhai, do you want to gain weight? Well Gaurav Bhai, do you want to gain weight? Well Gaurav Bhai, do you want to gain weight? Offcourse yes. Offcourse yes. Offcourse yes. So maybe you can give him some advice, friend. So maybe you can give him some advice, friend. So maybe you can give him some advice, friend. No, I want to ask Tanmay Bhai whether the No, I want to ask Tanmay Bhai whether the No, I want to ask Tanmay Bhai whether the fat you lost is kept somewhere fat you lost is kept somewhere fat you lost is kept somewhere ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] That's right Baba. That's right Baba. That's right Baba. Brother, what is your weight? Brother, what is your weight? Brother, what is your weight? It is kept in the mouth of Kullu. It is kept in the mouth of Kullu. It is kept in the mouth of Kullu. You have your opinion: We should remove mirrors You have your opinion: We should remove mirrors You have your opinion: We should remove mirrors from changing rooms. from changing rooms. from changing rooms. Yes, I mean because when I go to the changing room to Yes, I mean because when I go to the changing room to Yes, I mean because when I go to the changing room to try some clothes. try some clothes. try some clothes. Right, sometimes I don't want to Right, sometimes I don't want to Right, sometimes I don't want to see myself fully nude. see myself fully nude. see myself fully nude. Right?  Just recently I went there and I Right?  Just recently I went there and I Right?  Just recently I went there and I saw myself completely naked.  Meaning that's saw myself completely naked.  Meaning that's saw myself completely naked.  Meaning that's okay bro. okay bro. okay bro. I had gone to buy shoes.  [laughter] So why did you get completely naked then? So why did you get completely naked then? So why did you get completely naked then? That was the joke revenge is coming today.  Damn bro it's written here revenge is coming today.  Damn bro it's written here revenge is coming today.  Damn bro it's written here if you could travel back in time you would if you could travel back in time you would if you could travel back in time you would practice removing a bra. practice removing a bra. practice removing a bra. So you have a girlfriend? So you have a girlfriend? So you have a girlfriend? No, not right now. No, not right now. No, not right now. Was it good before?   Yes. Was it good before?   Yes. Was it good before?   Yes. So obviously you guys must have actually gone So obviously you guys must have actually gone So obviously you guys must have actually gone for it.  Go for it.  [laughter] There's for it.  Go for it.  [laughter] There's for it.  Go for it.  [laughter] There's something in the [ __ ] chair. something in the [ __ ] chair. something in the [ __ ] chair. Something is really going on.  [laughter] It's just a few Something is really going on.  [laughter] It's just a few Something is really going on.  [laughter] It's just a few chickens coming in every now and then.  Put something.  Pari, chickens coming in every now and then.  Put something.  Pari, chickens coming in every now and then.  Put something.  Pari, you are asking whether you ever you are asking whether you ever you are asking whether you ever created an atmosphere for a baby or not?  As such. created an atmosphere for a baby or not?  As such. created an atmosphere for a baby or not?  As such. Meaning obviously you guys were a couple.  How Meaning obviously you guys were a couple.  How Meaning obviously you guys were a couple.  How serious was your relationship?  I mean six to serious was your relationship?  I mean six to serious was your relationship?  I mean six to seven months, seven months, seven months, yes that's right, so what was your experience like, I mean did you guys have any [ __ ], that's where I'm going yes that's right, so what was your experience like, I mean did you guys have any [ __ ], that's where I'm going Gullu Gullu is Gullu Gullu is Gullu Gullu is not there, that was my finger, friend [ not there, that was my finger, friend [ not there, that was my finger, friend [ laughs] laughs] laughs] brother, you can also keep the guitar if it's becoming too heavy brother, you can also keep the guitar if it's becoming too heavy brother, you can also keep the guitar if it's becoming too heavy Gullin got tired after seeing that, friend.  [laughs] Gullin got tired after seeing that, friend.  [laughs] Gullin got tired after seeing that, friend.  [laughs] Who brother, here you said that if you could Who brother, here you said that if you could Who brother, here you said that if you could switch lives with someone for a day it would be switch lives with someone for a day it would be switch lives with someone for a day it would be Hrithik Roshan from Koi Mil Gaya. Hrithik Roshan from Koi Mil Gaya. Hrithik Roshan from Koi Mil Gaya. Yes, actually many people tell me that Yes, actually many people tell me that Yes, actually many people tell me that my voice sounds a bit like Hrithik. my voice sounds a bit like Hrithik. my voice sounds a bit like Hrithik. But he says that the first half But he says that the first half sounds like Hrithik Roshan [laughs].  So I want sounds like Hrithik Roshan [laughs].  So I want you to say Bonavita in the second half. you to say Bonavita in the second half. you to say Bonavita in the second half. Bonavita [laughs] you sick bro like actually [laughs] [cheering ] alright man time to score Gaurav Madan you are alright man time to score Gaurav Madan you are alright man time to score Gaurav Madan you are [ __ ] incredible man I give you 10 on 10 [ __ ] incredible man I give you 10 on 10 [ __ ] incredible man I give you 10 on 10 brother 10 on 10 from brother 10 on 10 from me man 10 on 10 with this guy me man 10 on 10 with this guy me man 10 on 10 with this guy 10 10 from Tanmay 10 10 from Tanmay 10 10 from Tanmay Kulan Kulan Kulan 10 oh no that makes 10 oh no that makes your average 10 come on man on man on man what a guy bro I love you man I will give you a hug what a guy bro I love you man I will give you a hug what a guy bro I love you man I will give you a hug man come on man man come on man man come on man [cheering] thank you man it was [cheering] thank you man it was [cheering] thank you man it was very right man very right man very right man wow bro you are so funny you win the whole ticket wow bro you are so funny you win the whole ticket wow bro you are so funny you win the whole ticket prize that's ₹1 lakh my brother prize that's ₹1 lakh my brother prize that's ₹1 lakh my brother take the medicine now ok [laughs] take the medicine now ok [laughs] take the medicine now ok [laughs] you know what man you know what's missing in you know what man you know what's missing in you know what man you know what's missing in your that's some good protein. your that's some good protein. your that's some good protein. I give you today only for today.  I'm gonna I give you today only for today.  I'm gonna I give you today only for today.  I'm gonna make an exception.  Every time people come in I make an exception.  Every time people come in I make an exception.  Every time people come in I give them a protein bar.  I'll give you this give them a protein bar.  I'll give you this give them a protein bar.  I'll give you this milkshake.  I give you from milkshake.  I give you from milkshake.  I give you from Avatar. Avatar. Avatar. ₹ lakh [sound of clearing throat] worth of ₹ lakh [sound of clearing throat] worth of ₹ lakh [sound of clearing throat] worth of protein my brother.  There you go. protein my brother.  There you go. protein my brother.  There you go. There you go brother.  5 lakh worth of protein There you go brother.  5 lakh worth of protein There you go brother.  5 lakh worth of protein to you.  [cheering] There you go to you.  [cheering] There you go to you.  [cheering] There you go ? ? ? So what will you do now with protein worth Rs. lakh?   I So what will you do now with protein worth Rs. lakh?   I So what will you do now with protein worth Rs. lakh?   I will [ __ ] my digestion.  [laughter] [cheering] There you go, my [cheering] There you go, my [cheering] There you go, my brother.  Thank you so much for coming and giving brother.  Thank you so much for coming and giving brother.  Thank you so much for coming and giving your talent to our show.  Big applause for your talent to our show.  Big applause for your talent to our show.  Big applause for this guy man.  Thank you.  Thank you so much. this guy man.  Thank you.  Thank you so much. this guy man.  Thank you.  Thank you so much. And that was India's God Lin. And that was India's God Lin. And that was India's God Lin. Thank you so much.  Karan Bhai, tell me the truth.  How was Thank you so much.  Karan Bhai, tell me the truth.  How was Thank you so much.  Karan Bhai, tell me the truth.  How was your experience of the? your experience of the? your experience of the? Bro.  I felt like I was home and I Bro.  I felt like I was home and I Bro.  I felt like I was home and I feel like I was being a little too frank. feel like I was being a little too frank. feel like I was being a little too frank. [laughs] I do [laughs] I do [laughs] I do n't know if this is the right decision or the wrong n't know if this is the right decision or the wrong n't know if this is the right decision or the wrong decision.  But I am enjoying it a lot brother, decision.  But I am enjoying it a lot brother, decision.  But I am enjoying it a lot brother, wow.  Karun Bhai, if you have already felt at wow.  Karun Bhai, if you have already felt at wow.  Karun Bhai, if you have already felt at home then next time it home then next time it home then next time it breaks down then the cost of renovation will be there.  [laughter] breaks down then the cost of renovation will be there.  [laughter] breaks down then the cost of renovation will be there.  [laughter] A little atmosphere you.   On A little atmosphere you.   On A little atmosphere you.   On this very note friends, Rahul Dua is on tour. this very note friends, Rahul Dua is on tour. this very note friends, Rahul Dua is on tour. You can go to his show and my show We're Both You can go to his show and my show We're Both You can go to his show and my show We're Both on Tour.  Gullin is also on tour. on Tour.  Gullin is also on tour. on Tour.  Gullin is also on tour. Accept on my Everybody on Tour. Accept on my Everybody on Tour. Accept on my Everybody on Tour. Tanmay Tanmay Tanmay I am working on my I am working on my I am working on my computer Tanmay [laughter] You are making the same noise at cyber cell You are making the same noise at cyber cell You are making the same noise at cyber cell master This is what is This is what is This is what is in your eyes It is in my tea in your eyes It is in my tea in your eyes It is in my tea pot Everyone's eyes are on you pot Everyone's eyes are on you pot Everyone's eyes are on you You shake your mood [music] I will shake the You shake your mood [music] I will shake the You shake your mood [music] I will shake the floor Say it in my ears Baby [music] Let's let it thump a floor Say it in my ears Baby [music] Let's let it thump a floor Say it in my ears Baby [music] Let's let it thump a little more today My little more today My little more today My heart beats come come don't stop heart beats come come don't stop heart beats come come don't stop [music] You give signals from your eyes Do it again [music] You give signals from your eyes Do it again [music] You give signals from your eyes Do it again [music] [music] [music]