I'm sitting at my nail table, which I'm sitting at my nail table, which I'm sitting at my nail table, which means we're going to save means we're going to save means we're going to save these claws now. these claws now. these claws now. I'm going to do this with full cover tips now I'm going to do this with full cover tips now I'm going to do this with full cover tips now because I'm lazy and since I because I'm lazy and since I because I'm lazy and since I can never remember what can never remember what can never remember what my actual size is, we'll measure it again my actual size is, we'll measure it again my actual size is, we'll measure it again .  Like every two .  Like every two .  Like every two weeks.  Too small.  The sixth B fits weeks.  Too small.  The sixth B fits weeks.  Too small.  The sixth B fits 5.5 B there.  And so that I don't have to roughen up the tips 5.5 B there.  And so that I don't have to roughen up the tips 5.5 B there.  And so that I don't have to roughen up the tips , I can do this now. , I can do this now. , I can do this now. Now the good machine is unpacked Now the good machine is unpacked Now the good machine is unpacked and the nails are roughened. After roughening the surface, the cuticle must of course also After roughening the surface, the cuticle must of course also After roughening the surface, the cuticle must of course also be removed. be removed. be removed. I do that with a cuticle I do that with a cuticle I do that with a cuticle nipper.  Be careful. nipper.  Be careful. nipper.  Be careful. Then you add the hydrator and primer, Then you add the hydrator and primer, Then you add the hydrator and primer, and off you go. and off you go. and off you go. Now this little helper comes into Now this little helper comes into Now this little helper comes into play.  This is a portable play.  This is a portable play.  This is a portable blue light.  Also Vicht.  Guys, I've drastically blue light.  Also Vicht.  Guys, I've drastically improved my nail game in the last few months or years improved my nail game in the last few months or years improved my nail game in the last few months or years .  I don't think you guys even realize that .  I don't think you guys even realize that .  I don't think you guys even realize that .  You can't either, because I .  You can't either, because I .  You can't either, because I think I have think I have think I have n't shown how I n't shown how I n't shown how I do my nails in over a year or so, which is a shame.  I'm sorry do my nails in over a year or so, which is a shame.  I'm sorry do my nails in over a year or so, which is a shame.  I'm sorry I let you down I let you down I let you down .  I'm back. .  I'm back. .  I'm back. Let's get started with the tip.  I do that Let's get started with the tip.  I do that Let's get started with the tip.  I do that with a peel-off gel.  First with a peel-off gel.  First with a peel-off gel.  First a thin layer is applied to the nail, then a thin layer is applied to the nail, then a thin layer is applied to the nail, then to the fake nail.  This is then to the fake nail.  This is then to the fake nail.  This is then carefully combined and placed inside carefully combined and placed inside carefully combined and placed inside the lamp.  The nails are on. the lamp.  The nails are on. the lamp.  The nails are on. I used a bit too much gel, but I used a bit too much gel, but I used a bit too much gel, but we'll ignore that for now.  It needs to be we'll ignore that for now.  It needs to be we'll ignore that for now.  It needs to be roughened up again, but before that, it goes roughened up again, but before that, it goes roughened up again, but before that, it goes into the large lamp. And now we finally come to the And now we finally come to the And now we finally come to the fun part: painting.  I don't fun part: painting.  I don't fun part: painting.  I don't have a really cool color to paint have a really cool color to paint have a really cool color to paint my nails before I do a French manicure my nails before I do a French manicure my nails before I do a French manicure .  That's why I .  That's why I .  That's why I always mix it always mix it always mix it together from about 1000 colors.  First I together from about 1000 colors.  First I together from about 1000 colors.  First I mixed two colors together, and then I mixed two colors together, and then I painted over another pinkish color, and something painted over another pinkish color, and something painted over another pinkish color, and something pretty cool usually comes out of that.  That will need pretty cool usually comes out of that.  That will need pretty cool usually comes out of that.  That will need a little more refinement, because a little more refinement, because a little more refinement, because I haven't done that yet and I haven't done that yet and I haven't done that yet and reduced the size.  I have to reduced the size.  I have to reduced the size.  I have to choose between two colors right now.  I choose between two colors right now.  I choose between two colors right now.  I think I'll take that one.  There was think I'll take that one.  There was think I'll take that one.  There was music.  Let's do a two-tone French manicure. music.  Let's do a two-tone French manicure. music.  Let's do a two-tone French manicure. I don't know the other color yet I don't know the other color yet I don't know the other color yet .  But I'll start anyway .  But I'll start anyway .  But I'll start anyway .  This is by far the .  This is by far the .  This is by far the hardest part, guys.  French painting hardest part, guys.  French painting hardest part, guys.  French painting always makes me incredibly always makes me incredibly always makes me incredibly aggressive.  I always do the aggressive.  I always do the aggressive.  I always do the outline first, so the border of the outline first, so the border of the outline first, so the border of the French manicure, and then I fill it in.  I French manicure, and then I fill it in.  I French manicure, and then I fill it in.  I do all of this with such a tiny little do all of this with such a tiny little do all of this with such a tiny little brush, because otherwise it's brush, because otherwise it's brush, because otherwise it's absolutely impossible.  Luckily, I have absolutely impossible.  Luckily, I have absolutely impossible.  Luckily, I have a white fineliner pen, so I a white fineliner pen, so I a white fineliner pen, so I drew another line underneath it. drew another line underneath it. drew another line underneath it. Guys, I don't Guys, I don't Guys, I don't think I've ever concentrated like this before, but it turned out think I've ever concentrated like this before, but it turned out think I've ever concentrated like this before, but it turned out really well.  I was very proud really well.  I was very proud really well.  I was very proud of myself.  Then, of course, of myself.  Then, of course, of myself.  Then, of course, a brilliant top code is added, and we a brilliant top code is added, and we a brilliant top code is added, and we 're done.  I have to do the whole thing again now 're done.  I have to do the whole thing again now 're done.  I have to do the whole thing again now because I was too lazy because I was too lazy because I was too lazy to do it directly on both hands. to do it directly on both hands. to do it directly on both hands. We won't talk about that, but I'll show you We won't talk about that, but I'll show you We won't talk about that, but I'll show you briefly now.   Does briefly now.   Does briefly now.   Does n't it look so cool?  I'm going to do n't it look so cool?  I'm going to do n't it look so cool?  I'm going to do the other hand now, just the other hand now, just the other hand now, just to motivate myself to keep doing this to motivate myself to keep doing this to motivate myself to keep doing this .  Stay tuned for a moment.  Thank you very much.   Yes .  Stay tuned for a moment.  Thank you very much.   Yes .  Stay tuned for a moment.  Thank you very much.   Yes .