Your percentage is very good.  Everything is okay, Your percentage is very good.  Everything is okay, Your percentage is very good.  Everything is okay, but your smile isn't real.  I think it's a but your smile isn't real.  I think it's a but your smile isn't real.  I think it's a fake smile.  No, sir, you're fake smile.  No, sir, you're fake smile.  No, sir, you're laughing well. laughing well. laughing well. No no no no, what do you say, Yashwant garu? No no no no, what do you say, Yashwant garu? No no no no, what do you say, Yashwant garu? Yes, that's right. Thousands of people will work under you tomorrow Yes, that's right. Thousands of people will work under you tomorrow Yes, that's right. Thousands of people will work under you tomorrow . . . Not under that. Not under that. Not under that. That's why you should laugh heartily. That's why you should laugh heartily. That's why you should laugh heartily. [Laughter] No matter what you say, [Laughter] No matter what you say, Srikanth, that smile is Srikanth, that smile is Srikanth, that smile is not fake. not fake. not fake. What kind of smile is that? The man is fake. What kind of smile is that? The man is fake. How did you get that smile on your face, sir? How did you get that smile on your face, sir? How did you get that smile on your face, sir? Do you know what it's like to be a middle-aged boy? You Do you know what it's like to be a middle-aged boy? You Do you know what it's like to be a middle-aged boy? You can do whatever you want, but you do can do whatever you want, but you do can do whatever you want, but you do n't have the support of your family.  Let's marry the girl we like, n't have the support of your family.  Let's marry the girl we like, n't have the support of your family.  Let's marry the girl we like, but we won't be able to support her.   They but we won't be able to support her.   They say that we should cry to ease the pain, but you shouldn't cry like a Mogadivi.   If we want to say that we should cry to ease the pain, but you shouldn't cry like a Mogadivi.   If we want to say that we should cry to ease the pain, but you shouldn't cry like a Mogadivi.   If we want to hide the same pain in our hearts and do hide the same pain in our hearts and do hide the same pain in our hearts and do things we don't like for the people we love, things we don't like for the people we love, things we don't like for the people we love, this is called a fake smell. this is called a fake smell. this is called a fake smell. When else, sir, will we laugh and live? This is what they feel more than me, the This is what they feel more than me, the This is what they feel more than me, the Tingar Nail Ponies, this is what they feel like Tingar Nail Ponies, this is what they feel like Tingar Nail Ponies, this is what they feel like working out. working out. working out. This guy is working so hard, sir, This guy is working so hard, sir, This guy is working so hard, sir, calm down, sir, calm down, enough with him, fake, calm down, sir, calm down, enough with him, fake, calm down, sir, calm down, enough with him, fake, I'm fake, calm down, sir, calm down, sir, will you I'm fake, calm down, sir, calm down, sir, will you I'm fake, calm down, sir, calm down, sir, will you give me a job, sir, you give me a job, sir, you give me a job, sir, you taught us how to laugh at you, right? taught us how to laugh at you, right? taught us how to laugh at you, right? [Laughter] Are you related?