That's what Finally the Weight is Over is like That's what Finally the Weight is Over is like That's what Finally the Weight is Over is like .  We waited for this for 10 months .  We waited for this for 10 months .  We waited for this for 10 months .  Little .  Little .  Little Mahalakshmi has come to our house and is very happy.   As soon as Mahalakshmi has come to our house and is very happy.   As soon as Mahalakshmi has come to our house and is very happy.   As soon as the delivery was done, they the delivery was done, they the delivery was done, they brought the baby and brought it to my bedside.   I don't know what to do, but I brought the baby and brought it to my bedside.   I don't know what to do, but I brought the baby and brought it to my bedside.   I don't know what to do, but I cry because I do cry because I do cry because I do n't know what I'll be like when I grow up.   The n't know what I'll be like when I grow up.   The n't know what I'll be like when I grow up.   The first second I saw it, first second I saw it, first second I saw it, I felt like I was seeing my father I felt like I was seeing my father I felt like I was seeing my father .  Everyone at home is very .  Everyone at home is very .  Everyone at home is very happy.  Because eight years later, happy.  Because eight years later, happy.  Because eight years later, we got a gold bracelet.  She doesn't know we got a gold bracelet.  She doesn't know we got a gold bracelet.  She doesn't know what to do with Naini when she feels lust for her what to do with Naini when she feels lust for her .  But everyone at home .  But everyone at home .  But everyone at home kept saying it.  From now on, kept saying it.  From now on, kept saying it.  From now on, when you do everything yourself, I wo when you do everything yourself, I wo when you do everything yourself, I wo n't even look at you.  I was n't even look at you.  I was n't even look at you.  I was very brave when I said I wouldn't do all that very brave when I said I wouldn't do all that very brave when I said I wouldn't do all that .  But after bringing the baby into the room, did you hold her and pretend to be a baby .  But after bringing the baby into the room, did you hold her and pretend to be a baby ?  She is very happy when it arrives ?  She is very happy when it arrives ?  She is very happy when it arrives .  It was a complete surrender .  It was a complete surrender .  It was a complete surrender .  Even though it was only me, I felt like my .  Even though it was only me, I felt like my .  Even though it was only me, I felt like my sister and I were not just any girl sister and I were not just any girl sister and I were not just any girl . . . Bad Naini doesn't have that problem.   It's Bad Naini doesn't have that problem.   It's a big blessing that she has a dad too. a big blessing that she has a dad too. a big blessing that she has a dad too. Naini had been asking for Papa from the beginning, and Naini had been asking for Papa from the beginning, and Naini had been asking for Papa from the beginning, and she was so she was so she was so happy.  And thank you so much for all your happy.  And thank you so much for all your happy.  And thank you so much for all your blessings.