I just bought the cheapest tech in
China. We're talking a $4 iPhone.
Wow, these graphics are insane. $10
Nintendo Switch and a $50 robot doll.
Oh, no way. That's so cool. You would
think it's all junk, but some products
are weirdly good. So, let's test if
they're worth the price. Starting with
Chinese Mario. They made the game
console exactly like the colors of the
Nintendo Switch. That is saying the
product will improve your reaction speed
and focus. Woah. It's not like the
digital game console because this game
console is physical. Let's turn it on.
Oh, before moving on, this video is
sponsored by War Thunder. All right, go.
Let's Ready, go. First level. Oh, so the
goal is to avoid any objects here.
If you smash into one, it's GG. Game
over. I'm actually impressed at how good
this thing is at sensing the obstacles.
Yeah, it said I'm so good. Now we're on
to the second level. Honestly, the
levels are basically all the same. It's
just the same screen rotating over and
over again. The goal, I guess, is just
to see how long it can last.
Woo! After a while, there's like no
challenge cuz I know exactly where to go
now. Dude, I'm impressed with this
technology. I don't know what's going on
here. It's a physical game console. I've
never experienced anything like this. It
reminds me of the NES Mario Lego set
because it has a physical Mario going up
and down the screen. I give this product
8 out of 10. It does exactly what it
advertises, but the game play does get
repetitive. Next, we have the most
expensive product in this entire video.
This is an AI robot dog that costs only
$4630.
The Uni Tree robot dog that you see on
social media costs about $3,000.
This is almost 100 times cheaper. So,
let's see what it can do. It has AI
interactions. It can do tricks. And you
can program it to do a lot of things.
Dude, this is crazy. This robot can do
everything. Let's turn it on.
Oh,
yo, no way. That's so cool. Here's a
controller. It's all in Chinese. These
are the movement functions. And then
here are pre-programmed moves that I can
do. So, let's just make it move.
Oh, no.
Let's turn. Let's turn.
What the heck? The turning is so stupid.
Okay, sit.
Oh, okay. Lay down.
Important thing to note is that it
actually doesn't go backwards. It can
only go forwards and turn. It's much
faster on smooth surface because of the
wheels. Apparently, there's a dance
button as well. Guys, this one's for
you.
That's a gift for you guys. We haven't
even gotten to the coolest function yet
because there is an arm that can grab
things. But if you find the right
objects like a pen or something soft
like a banana, it's able to
hold on to it pretty well. And we saved
the best feature for last, and that's
the AI [music] function. You can connect
the dog to Wi-Fi through your phone, and
by holding down the AI button, you can
talk to it, and it will respond back.
So, let's try that. How old are you?
Haha.
Okay, it's speaking Chinese because it's
using Deep Seek as the base AI model,
but I think I can get it to respond in
English. Do you think robots will
eventually take over the human race?
Robots are tools just like hammers or
computers. They do what humans program
them to do.
Wow, dude. It's so smart. That's crazy.
My name is Hau. Can you call my name
Hau? Of course. Half.
Do you love me?
I don't have feelings like humans.
Even the robot dog doesn't love me.
[laughter] The movement functions are
not the best, but the AI function has
unlimited potential. It's basically like
your robot friend. I guess I got to give
this robot dog a 10 out of 10. Next, we
have a bubble bazooka. The video shows
it's supposed to shoot a thousands of
bubbles per minute. It looks so cool.
We'll test if it works. So, it actually
comes with the bubble solution. That's
very convenient. And you just put it in
here. Dip the tip into the solution.
Let's see what happens.
OH. [screaming]
Oh my gosh. What? That's so cool.
Oh, I'm living the dream right now. If I
was a kid, which I still am, I'd be so
impressed. Look at how beautiful this
is. Wow.
Look at that. So beautiful. So, if we
open up the Bazooka, you can see how it
works. It's literally just a fan inside
that blows bubbles through these holes.
But even though it's simple, it's so
cool. This only cost $1.4. 10 out of 10.
Next, we should have a brand new iPhone
4S. And the best part, it only cost me
$4. These phones are going for $200 to
$500 on eBay. So, are we getting scammed
or are we getting a great deal? No box.
Not the premium Apple experience I was
expecting. Wow, the phone is actually
dirty. You can see yellowing and brown
parts on the plastic. This phone's
actually disgusting. And on the back, it
says, "Please give a fivestar rating."
That's definitely not happening here.
Let's see if it turns on. Oh, it's got
the classic iPhone screen. The software
seems to be Apple. I miss having a home
button. This has a physical home button.
I kind of miss that. Here we have a
selfie camera. The quality is [music]
definitely not what I'm used to. It's
kind of got like a nostalgic feel. If we
zoom in a little bit, you can see that
it's like basically one pixel. Let's try
the fat camera. It's got that wavy
effect. The video is actually pretty
nice. The photo though, let's see.
Here's a photo. It's not bad. The
quality is pretty good. Let's try temple
run. Oh, dude. These graphics are
insane.
That's pretty smooth. This is the voice
recording on the iPhone 4S. Let's see
how that sounds.
This is the voice recording on the
iPhone 4S. So, let's see how that
sounds. It's not bad. The one last thing
I will try the internet.
Oh, half loaded. It's taking like a
whole ass minute. The website might be
too advanced for this iPhone 4S. It's
only loading parts of the website. When
I first got the phone, there was a
sticker for 64 GB of storage, but in the
settings, there's only 6 GB of storage.
So, that's a scam right there. But for
$4, you're getting a lot of features.
Like, the camera works, the internet
kind of works, and it's still able to
run complex games. I would maybe use
this as a dumb phone if you want to try
to get off of social media. Overall, I
give it a 4 out of 10. Next, we have the
Harry Potter Magic Wand. This wand is
supposed to shoot fire. Oh, I got a
ticket to Hogwarts. This is what I'm
actually after. Ooh, it's kind of nice.
This wand's got a nice hand feel and the
bottom is kind of girthy, so it grips
firmly in my hand. So, this is a thin,
flammable piece of paper. We just have
to roll it up 420 style. Now, we just
load it into the wand. Let's try it and
send you. Oo. Oh, that was cool. It was
like a magic trick. So, let's try a
bigger piece of paper. Incendio.
Woo, that was kind of cool. That was
more of like a flamethrower effect. Look
at this. If you put a little bit in,
it's more of a flamethrower effect.
That is a big one. Let's see what
happens now. One, two, three. Woo! That
one shot so far. I think I figured it
out. You got to roll up the paper with a
fat tip. So, we got a fat tip there. And
then we can put it in. One, two, three.
Woo! This is a really cool product, but
they only give me two pieces of paper.
So, after I'm done the paper, the wand
is useless. I give this a 7 out of 10.
Next, we're actually combining two
products together to achieve maximum
brain rot. This is 90° glasses, so you
can lay down and watch Tik Tok. And to
help with that, this is a remote that is
a ring that you can wear and you can
scroll without touching the screen. With
the glasses, you're actually able to put
your own prescription glasses in front
of them and it'll still work. They look
kind of ridiculous though. [laughter]
Let's test it out. I'm going to put
these on. Oh,
yo, I can see my phone like this. Dude,
it feels like I'm seeing HD. I'm looking
at the lens right now. Let's get a
little bit more comfortable. All right.
Dude, this is a life, man. This is a
life. We got a back massager, which is
one of our other products, and we got
the Tik Tok scroller, and we got the 90°
glasses. So, even though it looks like
I'm looking upwards, the phone screen is
actually in the middle of my vision
here. Individually, I give each of these
8 out of 10, but when you combine them
together, that's a 10 out of 10. They do
exactly what they say they do, and I can
just doom scroll all day and max brain
rot. Next, we have the Wukong Monkey
King staff. This is actually one of the
more expensive items. It's $3.90.
The video shows that it's able to expand
and retract on its own. That looks
magical. So, let's give it a try. I
think Oh. Oh, it just got excited.
[laughter] I didn't even touch anything.
Let's see if it retracts.
Oh
yo, this is so cool. Show off my staff
moves.
There's also a button here that's able
to make sound effects as well. This
product actually follows the Monkey King
lore because the staff is called Rui
Chingang, which translates to a staff
that does whatever you want. In the
lore, Monkey King is able to expand this
as tall as a skyscraper or shrink it
down to the size of a pin so he can
store it in his ear. So, this stuff is
incredibly accurate to the lore. Wo!
It's so cool. I've never seen a toy like
this. I get excited just thinking about
it. I give this a 9 out of 10. This next
product turns me into Picasso with no
practice. It's a hologram that projects
your phone screen onto a piece of paper.
And according to the video, I can just
use it to trace any picture and become
an artist [music] instantly. Let's give
it a shot. So, first we just have to
pull up a picture. Today, I'm going to
be drawing I show speed. So, you just
place your phone screen onto this
product and this [music] piece of
plastic will reflect your screen onto
the paper. And then now we can just
[music] start tracing. I can actually
see the picture pretty clearly. So, this
is good. I'm going to start with the
face and then we'll do the hair with
this product. As you move back and
forth, the image moves on the screen as
well. So, you have to kind of stay in
the same place. You're not able to trace
very precisely, [music]
but it's able to give you the general
outline. And then now we just draw
[music] the rest of his body. From my
angle, to be honest, this looks really
good. Are we ready for the reveal?
Three, two, one. You guys see it first?
Ready in the comments. Now, let me take
a look.
Yo,
that's pretty good, bro. It was a little
hard to line up the picture at first,
but for $1.40, I was able to skip art
school. So, I give this product 9 out of
10. Next, we have a levitating sword
that moves according to your hand
motions. In the ad, you can just kind of
control it by moving your hand back and
forth, and you can make it do spins and
stuff like that. That looks so cool. So,
it comes with the controller and the
sword. The sword is basically a drone
because it's got four wings. [music] And
with the controller, we just wrap it
around our hand like this. And this is
the on button. Now, let's turn it on.
Oh, there we go. There we go. It's not
really listening to me. Let's go over
there into a bigger area. Oh, no. The
controller has a gyroscope inside, so
it's much easier if I just hold it like
this. Look, I can have very precise
controls. This reminds me of the
character in Guardians of Galaxy that
whistles and has a dart floating around.
I forgot the name. Guys, comment down
below if you know the name, but it
reminds me of that character. This drone
was clunky and hard to control. If you
want to feel what it's like to fly a
real plane, you can play War Thunder.
War Thunder is the best free vehicle
combat game on PC, console, and mobile.
control over 2,500 tanks, ships, planes,
and helicopters from 10 major nations,
ranging from biplanes and armored cars
of the 1920s to the fighter jets and
main battle tanks of today. My favorite
tank is the German tank. That's the
heaviest tank ever built because bigger
is always better. Every vehicle is
detailed with realistic graphics,
sounds, and damage systems. And every
decision matters on the battlefield
[music] because one raw move and your
whole crew is toast. Okay, that might be
a skill issue. Join over 95 million
players in epic PvP battles and
experience the most immersive military
combat game ever made. [music] War
Thunder isn't just a game, it's history
in action for a limited time only across
PC and console. New and returning
players that haven't played in 6 months
will receive a massive bonus pack
including multiple premium vehicles and
more.
And make sure you download it for free
on PC, console, [music] and mobile using
my links in the description. The concept
of this sword is really cool, but the
controller is hard to use. And it was
able to do a barrel roll like they
showed in the ad. So, I give it a 7 out
of 10. Next, we have a music punch
machine for $760.
This looks very fun. It lights up and
you have to punch to the rhythm. It's
kind of like Beat Saber, but in real
life. It seems like a fun way to get a
workout in. And you can stick it to a
flat surface with these suction cups on
the back. That's pretty good.
Oh.
Oh, wow. It just starts right away.
Why is it not registering my punches?
It's not bad. That's kind of fun.
[clears throat] There's three buttons on
here. One is a sound, one is a power
button. So, the other one, let's see
what it does.
Oh, it changes the song.
Okay, we got one more song. [music]
Oh, THIS ONE'S FASTER.
IT'S GETTING HEATED NOW.
Let's see if there are more songs.
There's only three songs. It was kind of
fun, but the game just gets so
repetitive and you can't even use your
own song. So, I'm probably never going
to play with this again. I would have to
give it a 4 out of 10. When you're in
China, you have to get a massage. So, I
bought this neck and shoulder massager
for $10.90.
Let's take a look at the features. Wow.
It's got neck and shoulder at the same
time. And it's rubbing the back as well.
Oh my gosh, that looks so comfortable.
Oh, you can use it for your legs and
your back. Dude, that's crazy. So, let's
just strap it on and see how it works. I
think you can put your hands over here
to apply more pressure. All right, let's
turn it on. M. It's not bad.
Yo, that's comfortable. It's got four
moving knobs. This is for the neck and
[music] this is for the shoulder. And
you can adjust the modes and the
intensity and the speed. And I think
it's also got a heating function. Let's
test this laying down cuz that's what
they did in the video. Wow, this is
nice. This is very relaxing. To be
honest, the modes kind of just feel the
same. It's just going like in this
rubbing motion, but it's a nice feeling.
The neck massage was really good, but
this leg massage not great. The back
massage is pretty decent, too. Imagine
you're just sitting at home gaming or
watching TV. Just put this on the back
of your couch. You got a massage chair.
It's really strong as well. It's digging
deep into my muscles. This massage
machine is very quiet as well. I would
say this massages my back better than a
$600 thera gun, which I also own, but I
never use because I have to go like this
and massage myself. But with this
machine, I can just put it on my chair
and it would do the work for me. The
only problem is it's not able to massage
my legs, but it's great for the back and
neck. So, I give this a 9 out of 10.
Next, we have two products that make you
a promo gamer. We have the gaming
triggers for $5.20.
And we have a cooling fan for $2.80.
So, it should connect your phone via Mag
Safe. And in the picture, it shows that
it's able to make ice. And the gaming
triggers make your phone like a console
controller. Let's test it out. The
cooling fan just turns on when you plug
in a USBC. There's RGB lights and a fan
on the back. This part is a part that
gets cold. I put some water on it and
you can already see the condensation.
I'll test these out with COD Mobile. You
just clip these onto your phone like
that. And you have to map your in-game
controls to be right underneath [music]
the triggers because these triggers
simulate your touch. Let's try some
target practice. And we'll also install
the cooling fan. See, with the left I
mapped it to aim, and then with the
right I mapped it to shoot. It looks
pretty fun. This feels really good. I
love the tactility of physical button. I
feel like it makes my aim more accurate
because I'm actually holding something.
It's able to free up my other fingers to
focus on the movement. I am Pop Play
right there. Got him with a knife. 27
kills and one death. That's my score.
Let's see if the fan did anything. Oh,
yo, that's cool. And the rest of the
phone is relatively cool as well. They
do everything that they claim and they
made me a better gamer. So, I give these
a 9 out of 10. Next up, we have
Wolverine claws for 80ents. What can you
get for 80 cents these days? Well, let's
take a look. Wo! It can automatically
extend and retract. Let's try them on.
So, in the video, they look like metal,
but it's actually just all plastic.
And you just slide them onto your finger
like a ring. They are extremely tight.
This is with them on. Oh yo,
and you can use it as a back scratcher.
Pretty nice. Let's try attacking some
things.
It's not very powerful. They're more
like kitty claws rather than Wolverine
claws, but they're cool and cheap, so I
give them a three out of 10. Next up, we
have fake AirPods. These were only $1.40
compared to $140 that they would cost
normally. So, it's 100 times less
expensive. But does it sound 100 times
worse? We'll find out. One problem about
the listing though, they listed AirPods
3s and I got AirPods 2. So, I'm already
getting scammed. But, let's open it up
and see if it sounds any good. The
packaging feels a lot lighter than the
traditional Apple boxes. doesn't really
have that premium feel. So, this is what
you get in the box. You get a USB
lightning cable. You get the AirPods.
And they feel so much lighter than the
regular ones. Oh my gosh. And they have
blinking siren lights. What the heck?
Weeoo we
fake. Let's see if it can do the
automatic pairing. Nothing is showing
up. Uh maybe we can find it in the
Bluetooth. Oh, there it is. All right,
let's play some music and see how it
sounds.
Okay, let's hear the drop.
The bass is very muddy, but there is a
little bit of bass. The mids and the
highs are definitely mixed together. The
sound on them is pretty bad. The only
redeeming feature is the price, but
they're are nowhere near Apple AirPods
quality. So, I will give these a 3 out
of 10. Next up, we have Spark Shoot.
It's actually two products I combined
into one. We have the sparkler and we
have shoe roller blades. First, let's
give the video a watch. Dude, that looks
so cool. So, you install it at the
bottom of your [music] shoes. All right,
let's give it a try. So, first you put
it here, and these are the things that
make it spark. Let's just stand up and
see if it does anything.
That's so much better.
Right. Woohoo! Now that we know the
sparkler works, let's combine it with
our rollerblade shoes. I don't feel safe
wearing these. But I'll test the spark
abilities. Look,
I give these a 2 out of 10. If you're
trying them, be prepared to die. For
this next product, we have to test it
outside because it's a plane launcher.
Let's see how it works. The barrel
extends and you're able to load three
planes and it should automatically drop
and launch. Let's give it a try. So, we
got the barrel that extends and we have
these little foam planes and it just
loads into the top right here. And if we
press this button, it should drop. And
this is a pump action. One, two, three.
Oh, well, that one was kind of lame.
Here we go. One, two, three. Oh, next
one.
Boom. This is not going as far as
advertised. Maybe it's a skill issue.
So, let's try again. Floating.
Oh, that was nice. This plane launcher
is a lot weaker than they showed in the
video. I give it a 3 out of 10. Here we
have a cotton candy machine for $7.
That's basically the same [music] price
as one cotton candy. It's only two
parts. There's a heating element inside
and the spinning top right here. And in
the package, they even include the candy
and some skewers. So, while this heats
up, let's prepare the candy. Oh, yeah.
Now that it's heated up, we need to add
in our candy to the middle. I've never
made cotton candy before, so we'll see
how this goes. Oh yeah, that's nice. Oh,
I smelled the candy. Smell burnt sugar.
Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, I see strings flying
out.
Oh, yeah. I see it. Oh, dude. I don't
know how that happened, but it just
happened. Wo! This is so cool. It's like
spider webs. Once it comes, it just
comes all at once. Oh my god. What the
What? No. What? What just happened? It's
not sticking. Oh no. It's not sticking.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo. Oh,
bro. There's like candy fibers flying
everywhere and I feel like I'm burning
stuff. Yay. So beautiful. It looks so
fluffy. Let's see how it tastes.
It's not bad.
It's a little crunchier than usual, but
it's still stringy and it melts in your
mouth. I admit there might be some skill
issue, but the machine works and it was
cheap, so I give it a 7 out of 10. Next,
we have these AI translation earbuds,
and they only cost $360.
That's crazy. And they even come with a
charging case. There's a app that you
need to download for it to work. The UI
here looks pretty clean. I mean, let's
just go from simplified Chinese to
English. So, I'll speak Chinese. Let's
see if it can translate.
If you like this video, remember to
click the subscribe button.
Hey, there we go. And that was pretty
fast. So, the app will automatically
detect the language you're speaking and
translate it.
So if you speak Chinese, it will be
translated into English.
And if you speak English, it will
translate back into Chinese.
So that means you're able to have a back
and forth conversation. The coolest
feature is this thing called
simultaneous interpretation. So as soon
as you turn this on, it just
automatically translates everything that
you are saying and you can just keep the
conversation flowing and it will just
automatically interpret the entire
conversation. So imagine if you're
having a conversation with another
native speaker, they can talk and you
can talk. You can understand the entire
conversation here. [music] Do you really
need the headphones here? Because all
the processing is done on the app
itself. So why can't you just hold up
your phone and have it translate? So, I
really like the charging case. It's
actually really well built. You have a
battery indicator for your headphones as
well. It's actually a very satisfying
click, too. This is really useful for
traveling. I give it an 8 out of 10.
Next, we have an instant freeze spray,
and it only costs $1. It instantly froze
a leaf. You can use [music] it to spray
your seeds. You can use it to spray
yourself. We'll see if it actually
works. I'm going to pour some water onto
the table now. Let's see if it will
freeze.
Oh my gosh. Look, it's freezing. That is
literally ice right there. And it's
cold. Oh my gosh. It's work. It actually
works. Here we have a bottle of room
temperature Coke. Let's see if we can
cool it down.
Oh,
wow. That is a nice icy drink. Let's
crack her open and give it a try.
Ah, I think that's my only cold. If I
spray for longer, it would have been
completely chilled. And this product is
really good for a hot summer day when
you're walking outside, you can just use
it to cool yourself off. This does
exactly what it advertises, but it runs
out really fast. I think after like 10
sprays, it's completely gone. So, I give
it a 6 out of 10. This is a USB
holographic fan. Let's see what it does.
Okay, so you can plug it in and
apparently there's an app that allows
you to put in your own messages. Let's
test if it works. The blade of the fan
is a flexible rubber and inside houses
an LED strip. All we got to do is plug
it in. Press the on button. Ooh, at
least it turns on. That's a good sign.
There's no lights yet, but let's try
pressing the button again.
Yo,
take it easy. That's actually pretty
cool. Hot summer. Hot girl summer. Hey,
let's go. Be cool. Wow, I love the
spinning effect. So, I actually tried
downloading the app both by scanning the
QR code and searching the product name,
and I couldn't find the [clears throat]
app anywhere on the internet. So, you're
only able to see the pre-programmed
messages. I give this a 2 out of 10 cuz
it doesn't work. Next, we have a fully
automatic water pistol.
Dude, this is cool. This pistol is $2.
It's shooting really fast. And with the
blinking light, it looks like it's
shooting real bullets. It looks pretty
powerful. There's a detachable scope,
but it literally is just a plastic
decoration. Doesn't really do much. And
then the barrel at the bottom. You just
twist to take it out.
Let's fill her up. Now we load it in.
And with the tube, it's able to suck in
the water. See if it shoots. Oh, all
right. It's shooting. We got some red
cups here. I'm going to walk back and
see how far it will shoot. All right.
Can you see me? This is 20 ft.
It's not really reaching. It's just
short. It's shooting to about like 15
ft. Now, we'll move 5 ft closer. And
this is 15 ft right here. We're just
barely hitting the cup, but there's no
power behind it. So, we'll walk even
closer. This is 10 ft.
All right. Oh, it knocked over one cup,
but it's still not strong enough to
knock over the other ones. 5 ft is about
the effective range. This pistol looked
a lot stronger in the video, but in real
life, it's pretty weak. The fully
automatic mechanism is pretty
satisfying, though. I love the lighting
effect. So, overall, give it a 6 out of
10. Next, we have an eight-wheel remote
controlled Cyber Truck. It cost $16.60.
It's supposed to be all terrain,
including driving on water. It's able to
drive on sand, grass, and it looks
extremely fast. So, let's see how it
drives.
Oh, look at that. With eight wheels,
it's able to do a 360 spin. That's cool.
It's able to drive pretty well [music]
on grass, too. Dude, look at it go. It's
so good.
Oh, dude. Doesn't even matter. It can
drive on four wheels, too. It doesn't
matter if it's flipped. Let's try
flipping it back.
There we go. We flipped it back. This is
so good. The controls are smooth. It
drives [music] like a tank as well. It's
so durable. All right, let's see if it
can work in the water. Oh. Yo, he's
driving very slow, but he's moving. That
looks so cool. Let's see if it can climb
up this ledge. Oh. Yo, dude, that's so
cool. Here, now we have rapids. Let's
see if it will be any faster. Oh no,
[music] it's flipped upside down. Dude,
it's still driving though. It's crazy
that it's working upside down. Now, come
to papa.
Oh, we got it. This is a really cool RC
car. I give it an 8 out of 10. Next, we
have these sunglasses where you can
adjust the intensity. They look pretty
cool. Let's see if it actually works.
Apparently, it's used for fishing. They
have a very retro look to them. So,
right now, they're not that [music]
dark. you I can fully see through them.
But if I turn the lenses, they should
get darker. Is it getting darker? Dude,
it's getting so dark that I'm like
blind. I can't even see anything in
front of me. I'm about to put on these
glasses.
Oh my god.
[crying] I can't see anything anymore.
It's completely dark.
Wait, wait, wait, wait. If I turn them,
I can see again. These are incredible.
These glasses are pretty cool, but let
me tell you a secret. They're basically
ND filters originally used for camera
lenses. So, it's nothing new, but they
look cool. So, I give it a 6 out of 10.
Next, we have a singing clarinet for
$3.5. And they claim anyone can play
this instrument without knowing how to
play an instrument. So, they claim to
play this, you don't need to learn how
to read sheet music. You don't need to
practice. If you know how to sing, you
should be able to play this instrument.
If this works, I'll become the Asian son
that my mom always wanted.
Bro, why does it sound like that? But
let's play a song.
It's pretty good. Just one problem with
this instrument. I don't know how to
sing, [laughter]
so I can't PLAY THIS INSTRUMENT.
THAT'S BETTER. I DON'T THINK any of the
notes were in tune.
Fun fact about me, I played the
saxophone for over 12 years, and I
couldn't even make this instrument sound
good. It's basically a megaphone with a
voice filter, and it sounds pretty bad.
If you can sing, it will sound much
better if you just use your voice than
using this. So, I have to give this
product a 4 out of 10. Next, we have an
unreleased Apple product. This is an
AirPod Max. Emphasis on AirPod because
it's just a singular giant AirPod. This
looks pretty good. Hello. Hello. This
huge speaker only cost $2.80.
I got to say, the build quality is
pretty good. So, this thing is not a
headphone. It's actually a Bluetooth
speaker.
It's very loud.
Bluetooth mode.
Okay, let's play some music.
That's not bad. [music]
Okay, the music is coming out from here.
This is now at max volume.
Yo, if you put it up to your ear, it's
actually really loud. This is great.
There's also a few unique features about
this AirPod. It has three different
modes. One is a Bluetooth and then
another one is
line mode.
You can plug a USB or insert a micro SD
card for music. There's also another
mode called
FM mode,
the radio mode, and it also has a
microphone. Hello, this is Hafu Go and
uh this is the voice recording coming
from the AirPod.
Hello, this is Hug Go and uh this is the
voice recording coming from the AirPod.
It sounds like I'm drowning, but at
least it works. This thing does
everything that an AirPod does and more.
And bigger is always better. So, I would
give this a solid 6 out of 10. It's a
great decoration piece, and it actually
works. The next product is a 500 time
zoom lens for your phone. Wow. You can
compare the difference between that and
a normal phone camera. Pretty clear. In
order to set this up, we got the
focusing here [music] and another
focusing ring here, I think. And we just
attach this. And this is a phone holder
that it comes with. I think it's easier
if you first clamp onto your phone and
line up the hole with the lens. And then
we mount it to the telescope. Oh, shoot.
Now, let's do some spying. Okay, now
there we go. We can see the tourists. We
see construction going on there. Ooh, we
can see the police car once we get it
focused. This looks really good. The
image quality is insane. I can clearly
see the road signs. Let's just see what
it looks like without the lens. So,
right now I'm at 24x digital zoom and
you can see all the grains on the image.
It's just literally individual pixels.
So, if we combine the 4x zoom on the
iPhone with the 500 time zoom on this
lens, so in theory, we should have a
2,000 times zoom. There we go. No way.
You can clearly see the characters.
That's crazy. I want to take a look at
the people in the park and see if I can
spot their faces. Oh my gosh. You can
see them walking. That is crazy. Look at
the skywalk over there. Yeah, that's
what they look like. And that's how far
they look from my perspective. This lens
was really hard to set up and get the
focusing right, but it does what it
claims. And the zoom combined with the
telescope lens on the iPhone 17,
incredible. Overall, I'd give it a 7 out
of 10. Next, we have remote control
battlebots. They both have different
features. This bot has a giant ax and
this one has a flipper. These look so
cool in the video. It literally looks
like the real thing. And they even have
pieces that fall off. I'm going to verse
my friend Deo here. You ready?
Two. One,
two, one, go.
Oh, one. Here we go. Round two. What's
your strategy? Oh
my my reload speed so slow. Oh. Oh my
gosh. Almost.
Oh. Oh. Oh.
Dude, you can't move. You're done. Round
three. Go.
Dude, this this is this is so fun. It's
like real battle box. I have to reload.
My reload speed is Oh. Yo, we got one
piece.
It's one verse. I got one life. You got
one life. Let's see who wins. Yo, that's
uh that's a pretty cool move.
Does that even do any Oh, dude, that's
actually Dude, that's that's insane.
What the heck?
Oh,
perfect kill. Get wrecked, dude. This
game was very fun. It's basically like
the real battle box. So, I give it a 9
out of 10. This tank was $15.90.
And it should have a functioning water
cannon. But first, we got to see if it
floats.
That sounded powerful. It's floating.
Dude, this pool is scary. Oh, it feels
like I'm flying right now. Now, we have
to figure out how to get into the tank.
There leg holes here. It allows me to
sit on top. We got it. We got it. We got
it. Dude, it's able to support my
weight. This is pretty cool. And it's
slightly elevated above the water, so I
feel like I'm looking down on people.
Now I can control the tank with my legs.
Yeah,
dude. That's such a strong stream.
Sometimes it like squirts everywhere
though. But like if you get the angle
just right, it's pretty strong, right?
So how this works is inside the cannon,
there's actually a water gun and there's
a tube that connects to the pool. So
you'll never run out of ammo. Look at it
filling up.
You shoot out this entire tube of water
in one shot. So basically it's a cannon.
I was expecting to give this a low
score, but it's actually really fun and
it makes me feel powerful. So, I give it
a 9 out of 10. This next product is what
I'm most excited for. It is a battle
drone. So, the listing says it has three
cameras, four-way obstacle avoidance, 8K
camera, and a lot of smart flying and
landing features. It's one of the most
expensive products we have in the video,
but compared to a DJI drone, this costs
nothing. It comes with its own app and
this nice controller. And all we got to
do is just press start. Oh, got the
beach. I don't know if this looks 8K to
me. This is worse than the iPhone 4S. I
can barely see myself, dude. It's It's
got like two pixels and the colors are
all off. What the heck is this? Is this
our definition of 8K? I don't know in
what world this is 8K. This is crazy,
dude. Now we're outside with a bigger
play area. Let's see if this will
launch. Here we go.
Oh, there we go. Oh, it's flying pretty
smooth. Nice. That's not bad.
Oh. Oh. It said it had obstacle
avoidance, but it crashed straight into
the bush. Let's try the shooting
function. Oh. Oh. Oh. What the heck?
It's not shooting the bullets. It's just
dropping them.
Oh no. Oh no.
I am extremely disappointed with this
drone.
It broke this time. The head broke off.
The camera broke off this time. The
shooting function is so bad. It doesn't
even go anywhere. It just drops them
out. Thanks again to War Thunder for
sponsoring this video. Play it for free
on PC, PlayStation, Xbox, or mobile now
using the links below. for a limited
time only across PC and consoles. New
and returning players that haven't
played in 6 months will receive a
massive bonus pack, including multiple
premium vehicles and more. Everything
about this drone was a scam. From the
bad quality camera to the way it flies
to the obstacle avoidance to the
blaster, they're all not as advertised.
This gets a zero out of 10. If you like
this video, click here to watch me test
more products or watch a video that
YouTube thinks you'll love.
