Now call Baba, don't
say it's not such a bad colour for
me [laughs] She is
hiding,
why are you hiding, I have
n't tied my clothes, that's why I am hiding, how will you
hide,
people are completely innocent, the eyes of the wife are on, then you should be very
careful, okay
heart, okay that's fine, but I didn't apply it today,
she might be a little cold, that's why, but I'm
ready at night, yes, yes, let's go
ahead, let's take you to
Shanti Nagar, hi friends, Assalam
Walekum, Khushamadeem, you all are
welcome to the gathering, I hope you all are fine with your
blessings, Alhamdulilla, we are
all absolutely fine, and where are we going,
where are we going, Amma, to get a gift for Abhi,
and daughter, aunt,
daughter, aunt [laughs] she won't say anything, so she says I'm
not showing my face,
oh, we are going to get a gift, but
what do we want as a gift, we will get a
suit,
yes,
and daughter, aunt,
we will also get a suit, okay, okay. She
came wearing lipstick. Mother got ready.
You were
drinking tea. We thought, Mom, you should also come and have
tea. Mother drank tea. It's time for prayer.
Then mother said, come on, go and get it for
me right now. So then we just left.
So mother was not ready. We were getting
ready. So mother said,
give me some lip gloss also. So she has just
come wearing lip gloss. Are you looking good?
Yes, it looks good. MashaAllah, there is still
light on his face. And
our
Khalid Niaz is going along with us. Mom, you know that
we should call him Khalid rather than Sunny. You
know, the name makes a lot of difference. The name is the
original name, that should be taken.
I have heard this.
Everyone should speak.
Good house names are house names. I like them.
Someone will say a little about the house.
Friends, preparations for 15th August have also been made.
Vegetables are also grown. All the blouses are also
attached.
This gift for Deepika is very popular.
How is the time now? I keep coming.
Also
good the one below
so friends she had come to buy a suit as a gift for bhabhi
and she liked one for herself as well
and in that too she is confused as to which colour to buy, please
show me the blue one,
maybe I will find it somewhere [laughs] also
brown amma it looks a bit tight
you have brown take red or blue one we have to
open so many and fix everything
amma I should say final just buy the blue one
show me how much we can open no no no
why for you even like this
exam
flu is better you will get it soon
yes give this one its done come on
Haider come on go
Haider go
so friend see Haider he has a small cycle so
I am going to get him a cycle he will take a
cycle quickly tell me which one to buy
which
belt is made uncle
where will its belt fit
friend this new cycle has just arrived now he will
roam around in his cycle. The
entire handle will be done from the back only. The
whole thing is being handled from behind.
That's right, friends. So this is good. And
it also has this safety, so it will
not fall because right now it is not able to put its feet
down, so it will not fall in it. The rest was
falling into the cycle. Bye.
A Few Moments Later.
Friends, his bicycle just arrived and he
fell like this. I got angry with the bicycle.
Friends, do you know what it is? Neither did
we tell you this completely nor is there any safety in it. But
what is a problem? This child
is very intelligent. He pressed this button.
It opened up and it went down. It will not have to be
covered so that it cannot see these buttons.
This is correct. Friends, I tell Sunny not to get me so
many things right now. Half an
hour of hobby goes waste. Now
look, he brought the bicycle and then in the same old walker,
he got the bicycle not now but after two months. There should
be this much space in the house.
So friend, we have just come back from outside and I have
also got a bicycle for Haider. I just
fell off the bicycle. The child you see is
very naughty but it is okay that he will
learn and fall and every child in the world behaves like this so it
is okay I just think that he may
fall a little but he should
not get hurt much and now his mood has become better
because since the whole day since he woke up this morning, he has been facing a
lot of
problems regarding the video, he has been anxious and pained
because it is his hard work of six years, he feels
that friend my video has been removed because of my mistake
and this was the first time
his video was removed by YouTube but
finally Alhamdulillah whatever he might have done by
editing it, well
I do not have that much knowledge about it and after doing that
his video has come back and he is
feeling a bit good, today was a
very stressful day friends.
Yes. So why did you think so much?
That one video hasn't even had coffee.
Friends, let me tell you that Sabha drinks a
lot of coffee. If you ask me personally,
I don't find black coffee that tasty.
But even the milk one doesn't look that good.
I like it when I
add a little chocolate flavor to it, which becomes
Mo's. But it is good for health.
So I started using it as my habit.
So leave the coffee aside and tell me this now, but this is how
I talk to you. The matter continues here. I will
reach here. Friends, in the last video the
topic was that we had gone for a
trip. When we returned from the trip, Haider's diaper was full, so
Sunny took it off at that time.
Now everyone keeps it diaper free
and I was sitting here and the shooting was going on here.
I thought there was a shooting going on at One.
One means the close from there may not be coming.
Everyone keeps the child diaper free
here. So sometimes, in the process of taking both of them,
Krishna might have pressed point five on him.
What happens at point five is
that even the entire distance becomes visible. That
meaning did not remain in my mind. Sometimes he was so
sidetracked that he didn't even pay
attention to it, he wasn't even in the edit,
I rechecked and I didn't pay attention either,
okay look, these are YouTube's guidelines,
everyone gets to learn
and learn, but friend,
everyone keeps their children diaper-free at home,
now that was probably our mistake that we did
n't, that was
right according to YouTube, so
they did the right thing, see, not through comments of all
kinds, then how will you
become an inspiration for others today, but come on, we also learned a lesson
and we can tell you all that too, that too, that intentionally, intentionally,
who will show their child like this because it was a
very small part, when it moved, it was not like that, then
he
looked a little, then this person saw it,
after that, then he felt that I am very strong,
from inside, Sabha is not that strong, so Sabha
feels that it is his fault, not because of who is
saying what, but because of why his video got removed,
yes, I felt that it was his mistake,
why did I not look at the edit,
why did I not look at it, and according to me, it was that
you did not see it, it is a mistake, it is a human mistake
and someone so big It is not an issue
as much as one thinks about it because every person
keeps their child diaper free and
we are also doing the same but the difference is that
we are bloggers so ours got visible. Other
people can't see it. But okay, we
accepted this thing. This thing was cut.
We will have to follow YouTube's guidelines.
So now your mood is fine. There are some more
problems in a person's life. There is another one
too. There is work
stress too. When you come home, then what happens is
that the whole gathering is in a bad mood. There
is tension about work. If you go out, there is tension about work.
I said please don't think anything like this about this video.
Whatever it is, let it be, it will come when it has to.
Otherwise pick it up and put it back in.
Then we put it in again. You
supported me a lot today because I was
feeling strange having so many friends throughout the day.
So it was nice. So that's all I had to tell you.
So friends Rizwan and Rihaan went to
decorate Bhabhi's house and now I am
preparing Bhabhi's gift. And here is
Bhabhi's gift, show me. What is this? This
is just paper. Enter joke. What is this
in it?
Look what's in it? Yes, I had
kept it in it. Everything was thrown away.
That's it.
Hut, this is a cheque. Look, I give him something like this every year.
Slippers, all these things.
Even yesterday she was refusing to give me such a thing.
And then I was thinking, daughter,
this time I am not able to understand anything about food.
What should I give, I want to
give them a cheque.
Check means that check. A check for money
[laughter] is what a
check is.
So this is it.
So what is there in this, nothing has been written yet.
In this I will make a cheque of ₹1 lakh.
Okay,
and I will give this cheque to him.
Correct. It's very good. It
is a good gift. That's a lot, is
n't it? We were very worried since yesterday.
What to give? What to give? Then I thought of
giving gold. Then we said we don't like the design. I have
given you such things many times, Bhabhi, have you ever
worn them again? Yes no no no
look at your choice, there are some things
which a person buys as per his choice and
wears only that, I will make a check in it,
okay then you will give it to me, I will
pack it, every year she used to tell me and she would make her
choice, but this time I don't have the
courage, she will not even select,
she will take it as per her choice, so we will make the
check, now how have you made it on this, show us
how the check is made, I feel that the check has become a little
thick,
no it is made like this,
no it is a little thin, should I
cut it,
yes first I will measure it and then cut it, I remembered my childhood,
failing the measure, yuck. Then collect it.
Then cook imaginary rice and it will turn into rubber.
But that rubber never becomes rubber. Did you
do this? It never happens.
Try this,
look how big a scale Rizha has brought. A
little thinner.
You have become too much of a craftsman.
You see the design ahead. What should I do now?
Which bank will remain?
Axis Bank is ours.
Baba, why would you write Axis Bank? This bank will
not go. The bank's name was changed to Sabah Bank.
All Ibrahim's name is
strange, you are.
Well, that is not original.
Yes, see everything Ibrahim Bhai.
You don't know anything. It's become very boring here.
You are not able to cut this. I don't
know anything. If you see it
cut crookedly then look again. Then
we too would have done it quickly.
This has become the base of our check. It
is very difficult brother. You have to
make such a box inside. I will bring the colour. Here
we look into Riza's safe. Oh ho
! So much stuff. Friends, he did
not even remove his 12th class book as he was afraid that he might
fail [laughs]. The
pencil broke.
How did the pencil break? Snatch it again. Snatch
it. The children who were of very high standard used to
say sharpen it. If it is a little normal
then take away the color. This means that Riza has
not sold it till date because she
cannot believe that she has passed 12th.
I tell him to donate it somewhere.
Now where do I see colors in this? So
friends, there are such new things kept inside which
till date soap grains have been kept inside. They are
not as big as what is lying there. So
friends make a box in it. You are a
complete scholar of Maths.
Now it's starting to feel a little bit checky, right
friends?
You forget your signature at the bank and are
sitting there making cheques. Are?
[MUSIC] Come on. Come, I will
write. Come on. The
special effects of Bole Denge Wapas are
by Haider. Baba, don't spoil it. Mom is
making it for aunty.
I will not be able to get a job somewhere with my daughter, I can get a
cheque made,
you are so smart,
mother has come,
what is going on downstairs,
sister-in-law will go in the morning, she is giving something to the children, they are doing the same thing, okay, okay, okay, right, right,
look what
we are doing, sister-in-law's gift, come,
you see friends, first let's see whether mother's
mind works or not, what do you get to know by looking at this,
look carefully,
what is this, from
Haider's side, from
our side, from
your side, why did we make A B G, then what is
this, look completely, what is this,
what is complete, this is the house,
tell me,
right, what do you feel after seeing
this, look from a distance, have you ever
seen anything like this, have you ever signed,
yes, someone has stolen
this is your SIR form
[laughs] from
where are you getting it from so far, I have been
troubled since long, get the SIR form filled, get it
filled brother, this is it,
yes, if it had been this
big, I would have
also needed water as per health. When I was little,
I saw my father coming and going to the bank. I used to
bring it from a small one.
This one of yours was saying that if you take this from Sitara
then only I will accept it, otherwise reject it.
Okay, enough.
What will you fill?
Look, Haider made it worse. It will be rejected.
You are doing that right now, practicing now.
Yes, Haider will get spoiled. This is Amma's form.
How is the writing? It's
very nice. No one will understand. You are
very bad, friend. Friends, I have
written in such good writing and am asking
how is yours? Don't understand. You
take out the stick. Look at P also, it looks like P.
When the stick comes out of it, the stick will have to be taken out.
How did we reach today? Do you
know cursive writing?
I do not know. Curse.
You will make a drink today without taking out the stick. Where did this P
's stick go? If you do
n't drink this, it doesn't seem like you've drunk it.
Tell me am I right or is it a P of wrong cursive
writing,
look how much I have twisted it, it looks like R on
your cake, your cheque will
bounce sister,
now let's win ₹1 crore,
one zero in it, two G's and increase it for one crore,
what was this new, three fights,
this cheque is not looking good right now,
friends, if you do everything then do it properly, look at
them, this drop of it, friends, the child inside them has
woken up and is saying, I will colour it, no matter how
tough they show themselves from outside, there is
a small cute
child hidden inside them. Isn't it?
A few minutes later the
cheque will be ready. I am
taking my form.
Yes brother, I will have to get it checked.
Rest is accumulated. I got this much packed.
Tell me what you want to show to your brother. It's my
aunt's birthday. She
looks very cute. Thank you. It looks
very nice, the
combination will
look good, that's why I went with some more freedom than intended.
I thought it wouldn't be nice. Is good. I could
n't recognize you so simply every day.
Come back tied like this. Just like that, recognize it a little [laughs]. Isn't it
?
It didn't prepare you much. It has always been so
special to me that I am always in the house. Yes, look like this [laughs]
now I recognized you,
you people seem to be the loveliest, you are the pride of every gathering,
we all are pride, it is
true, it happens only with elders,
what is this,
no [laughs] is it a radish,
what is it,
this is a radish, brother, do
n't eat the chocolate ones. So,
[sound of clearing throat] this is a date.
I saw that you made it. The recipe is shot.
You look very nice, light.
No, I did not do anything. I
make it sometimes but I make it perfectly. The
bake turned out very well. It's
very good. That's what I am saying. It looks absolutely
professional.
Okay, you also come. Come and go. We will find out.
Haider is coming so I will do it in advance
[laughs].
Stop.
Feeling very nice. Black black bottom
happy
to you. Happy Birthday
Daa
[applause] Happy Birthday to you. Made it
perfect. [laughter] I do
n't know how it will be right now. It will be sweet or
not.
Now I should go somewhere and hide.
[laughs] There's
no cream to apply.
Papa fed me or not.
fed as it is.
Like [laughs]
you were not able to understand that I had forgotten something.
No, no, I understood.
What is Sabha's Jahan Band?
₹1 lakh please, what now? Now the biryani vendor
made it very badly.
Do you have a cheque? [laughter]
Yes, it's Czech.
How did you not understand the meaning?
I did not understand the meaning of this. Sister-in-law
always tells. This time she was not telling anything.
So he has
given me this cheque. The
cheque has been given. [laughter]
You can do whatever you want.
Ok. Done. I have to
make a whole vlog on that only.
Ok. Done.
Sure.
100% how am I going to spend this one now
?
And I charge you that amount.
Because I really couldn't understand anything [laughs]. I am
not crazy, how did you make me?
No, you have made the check correctly.
You did not cross.
[laughter] Everyone else did a great job. She is cute.
Brother had said that it would start walking in a week.
Look, it hasn't even been a week.
You were saying that you had said it would be done in a week.
We said brother, you have been saying for a long time that this is
not working.
Well good
now
you guys will enjoy it,
Alhamdulillah friends Bhabhi's birthday was celebrated
very well and today such a good
thing happened on Bhabhi's birthday,
Alhamdulillah, that I saw Papa walking on the
way, I mean Papa came out on his own, using a walker.
All this is in return for your prayers. On
Bhabhi's birthday, Mashaallah Bhabhi
is very lucky for all of us and Haider also started walking.
Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah
Mashallah. Daughter aunt was saying, what do you do
daughter aunt, when the children go,
distribute sweets. We distribute dumplings among our females.
But now no one distributes it. They simply
distribute Gulab Jamun and Rasgulla. Do what you used to do
before. Just distribute the dumplings.
Ok. He distributes it. Does
anyone eat gulagulet these days? No one eats. Because of this
we will make some sweets but you distribute the
sweets,
okay inshalah inshalah, I am happy
inshalah, we will distribute sweets to the children and
everyone around, this madam had gone to do the decoration,
when she came she got
angry, anger means I always get angry,
Shalu, right now I don't have time anyway, and on top of that do you
know who did it completely, I,
yes you did it, no one else, if someone else had done it I would
not have left it,
this is your full respect for 12th,
so I said I did not expect her to
pass, so donate it here, give it to her, I could
not find anyone, Rizha, in what manner is this
stuff kept, friend, I
asked so many people but no one is ready to take it.
Please Riza, they are getting completely ruined. Will
put some good stuff in it. One is
taken by Sunny
and the other is taken by Riya, what has happened?
Friends,
how did you like all this about Riza in this form that I filled?
I was thinking the same thing that son, you are
filling my form. But I thought,
how did you like such a big gift? I
came to the bank with Papa for so many years but I could
not recognize him. Yes no no I don't take this.
How did you find it? Adored.
Sure?
Very good.
Because my mother believed that he would take someone of his choice as his choice.
I
told you twice to come and bring a gift. You are
saying that you will take it tomorrow, not now, as you don't have time.
I will give it comfortably. So I said,
give it slowly. I never imagined
that you would be making this whole tea for Bhabhi. I
remember last year, Amma. We had gone to get a
gift. What noodles did she eat? Look,
she has fallen and come back. There is evidence that he
ate noodles at night. Friends, this time I had
thought that I will give a good massage to Bhabhi
because her hands and legs ache, so
I discussed it with my brother and my brother
said okay but I could not get it in such a short time,
then he did
not take the money yet because Bhabhi said I
can get that too, so she sent it to me online, so
I want that she should take anything that should be useful to her, it should be something
she needs, so that is why the
cheque has gone but he did
not take the money yet, he said wait, let us
decide what it is and then
buy that thing,
yes, so once I was booking a
masseur online, but I said I do
n't know how it will turn out online, if something happens then he has a
shop in a zoo, so we will go there and
see
Deepika's birthday, happiness, Allah Pak, she is
good, she is always happy with Allah,
we will pray for this and secondly, it felt
so good when Papa came and walked, he was getting emotional in my heart,
yes, yes and it is a happy thing that at that very moment I started walking,
first I kept playing with my feet and then suddenly started
walking, may
Allah protect everyone from the evil eye, may Allah keep everyone well,
only may Allah bring such happiness to everyone's home O
Allah, this is my prayer,
sometimes happiness, sometimes sorrow, friends, we just have to be happy in every situation
and stay with each other in every situation.
The next day,
so friends, the next day has come, today is
6th August, Bhabhi's birthday and today we have to go to
Bhabhi's birthday dinner,
so we are selecting Haider's clothes
and daughter Khal has come from college,
half of it is ready here, only complete getting is left to be ready
[laughs], we have just
come after taking bath.
I said it is all left.
How was the workshop just now? It was
good. Okay,
teach us a little too. What do you teach us
? How to hold a spoon?
This spoon was not going to be placed inside the plate today. Today I had
invited someone from a hotel outside and he came
there and was giving a workshop on
how you will welcome the
guests when you go to a hotel and how you will treat them. I am going
today, I have to eat. This will
tell us how to hold the spoon, how to eat,
this will tell us how today I will explain to you
friends, we have to leave a little early
because we have to see the gift from Bhabhi, that is, we have to
see her massage chair,
friends we are ready and
whenever Reeza gets ready she makes the room such a condition, so we
cannot show it now, let's go
because I came late from college, I
can't find clothes, right away let's go, nice nice
dress Reeza,
come on mummy, Assalamu Alaikum,
Alaikum, you are
looking good, you are looking beautiful, you are
looking good, you are also looking good.
My down to earth husband. You will have to do it, right?
Let me do it.
We are just leaving. Glad Bhabhi is having a
good birthday. Just one thing was that till now whenever
we went for a
family dinner, especially when I last went,
Papa also used to come along. This time Papa is
not able to go because he will
not feel comfortable taking me along right now. no
problem baby. It will be quite alright now,
Inshallah. Inshallah he will join us very soon.
Just pray to Allah. This
time I am really not feeling well. We have
not told. He does
n't have that yet, does he?
Yes, I did not tell them.
Yes Dev Bhaiya, poor Dev Bhaiya, he is also there and
says no one can do anything, it's okay.
Friends, we had left. Rihaan
called and said that his college was over. So
we are taking that along the way as well. Come on.
Friends, we have also picked up Rihaan
and so many of us are packed in one car.
Everyone settled back. Now that two people are
sitting here, it is comfortable, right?
In peace, right?
Yes. Three people were sitting. Now Riza has also
gone behind. Riza is right? Now I have got proper rest.
We also have a lot of right. Well [laughter] it's gone.
All three were sitting on one seat. We said, mother is
upset today. She was coming comfortably with her brother. I
sit peacefully and wonder how
I ended up sitting here today.
No, no, it is not like that. I was comfortable with everyone.
But all three were sitting, right?
Yes. I got down.
Yes.
TRAI. [laughter] Get up
for 6 lakhs quickly. It is worth Rs 6 lakh.
Stop it
ma'am. Try it for at least 5 minutes.
No, there is a little more pressure. You
can reduce it, right?
You should turn it off. Did you
understand anything?
Yes.
Okay then, I did not buy any gift for sister-in-law yesterday.
So let's take the gift from here now.
Then let's go inside.
So friends, this is a special gift from Sunny. Did you
like it?
Actually, yesterday's one was also from both of us
but Bhabhi likes Lucknowi and Sunny could
not go yesterday. Then
he said that I will give it.
He brought a high chair for it. They don't
know that this low land is raw.
Look at this.
So friends, we have reached here.
Brother and sister-in-law have not come yet. Those people must be coming now.
And Risha, look how much mom has
brought. Whatever you want to use. Mom had
not come here wearing anything. You
even washed your face. Your mouth is clean. Yellow. Let's
see the number, rub it with a cloth,
no, mothers don't rub their face like that,
makeup touch up here, we will take
photos today, that's why
[Music] The
rest of the people are eating there and he is on
my duty, look where is he
coming from, he is coming from the sky, he is coming from there, he is
not coming, brother, he must be fighting,
friend, I am sitting down to eat right now,
I told him that you eat first,
till I take Haider, otherwise he will
not let anyone eat [Music]
