Now call Baba, don't Now call Baba, don't Now call Baba, don't say it's not such a bad colour for say it's not such a bad colour for say it's not such a bad colour for me [laughs] She is me [laughs] She is me [laughs] She is hiding, hiding, hiding, why are you hiding, I have why are you hiding, I have why are you hiding, I have n't tied my clothes, that's why I am hiding, how will you n't tied my clothes, that's why I am hiding, how will you n't tied my clothes, that's why I am hiding, how will you hide, hide, hide, people are completely innocent, the eyes of the wife are on, then you should be very people are completely innocent, the eyes of the wife are on, then you should be very people are completely innocent, the eyes of the wife are on, then you should be very careful, okay careful, okay careful, okay heart, okay that's fine, but I didn't apply it today, heart, okay that's fine, but I didn't apply it today, she might be a little cold, that's why, but I'm she might be a little cold, that's why, but I'm she might be a little cold, that's why, but I'm ready at night, yes, yes, let's go ready at night, yes, yes, let's go ready at night, yes, yes, let's go ahead, let's take you to ahead, let's take you to ahead, let's take you to Shanti Nagar, hi friends, Assalam Shanti Nagar, hi friends, Assalam Shanti Nagar, hi friends, Assalam Walekum, Khushamadeem, you all are Walekum, Khushamadeem, you all are Walekum, Khushamadeem, you all are welcome to the gathering, I hope you all are fine with your welcome to the gathering, I hope you all are fine with your welcome to the gathering, I hope you all are fine with your blessings, Alhamdulilla, we are blessings, Alhamdulilla, we are blessings, Alhamdulilla, we are all absolutely fine, and where are we going, all absolutely fine, and where are we going, all absolutely fine, and where are we going, where are we going, Amma, to get a gift for Abhi, where are we going, Amma, to get a gift for Abhi, and daughter, aunt, and daughter, aunt, and daughter, aunt, daughter, aunt [laughs] she won't say anything, so she says I'm daughter, aunt [laughs] she won't say anything, so she says I'm daughter, aunt [laughs] she won't say anything, so she says I'm not showing my face, not showing my face, not showing my face, oh, we are going to get a gift, but oh, we are going to get a gift, but oh, we are going to get a gift, but what do we want as a gift, we will get a what do we want as a gift, we will get a suit, suit, suit, yes, yes, yes, and daughter, aunt, and daughter, aunt, and daughter, aunt, we will also get a suit, okay, okay.   She we will also get a suit, okay, okay.   She we will also get a suit, okay, okay.   She came wearing lipstick.  Mother got ready. came wearing lipstick.  Mother got ready. came wearing lipstick.  Mother got ready. You were You were You were drinking tea.  We thought, Mom, you should also come and have drinking tea.  We thought, Mom, you should also come and have drinking tea.  We thought, Mom, you should also come and have tea.  Mother drank tea.  It's time for prayer. tea.  Mother drank tea.  It's time for prayer. tea.  Mother drank tea.  It's time for prayer. Then mother said, come on, go and get it for Then mother said, come on, go and get it for Then mother said, come on, go and get it for me right now.  So then we just left. me right now.  So then we just left. me right now.  So then we just left. So mother was not ready.  We were getting So mother was not ready.  We were getting So mother was not ready.  We were getting ready.  So mother said, ready.  So mother said, ready.  So mother said, give me some lip gloss also.  So she has just give me some lip gloss also.  So she has just give me some lip gloss also.  So she has just come wearing lip gloss.  Are you looking good? come wearing lip gloss.  Are you looking good? come wearing lip gloss.  Are you looking good? Yes, it looks good.  MashaAllah, there is still Yes, it looks good.  MashaAllah, there is still Yes, it looks good.  MashaAllah, there is still light on his face.  And light on his face.  And light on his face.  And our our our Khalid Niaz is going along with us.  Mom, you know that Khalid Niaz is going along with us.  Mom, you know that Khalid Niaz is going along with us.  Mom, you know that we should call him Khalid rather than Sunny.   You we should call him Khalid rather than Sunny.   You we should call him Khalid rather than Sunny.   You know, the name makes a lot of difference.  The name is the know, the name makes a lot of difference.  The name is the know, the name makes a lot of difference.  The name is the original name, that should be taken. original name, that should be taken. original name, that should be taken. I have heard this. I have heard this. I have heard this. Everyone should speak. Everyone should speak. Everyone should speak. Good house names are house names.  I like them. Good house names are house names.  I like them. Good house names are house names.  I like them. Someone will say a little about the house. Someone will say a little about the house. Someone will say a little about the house. Friends, preparations for 15th August have also been made. Friends, preparations for 15th August have also been made. Friends, preparations for 15th August have also been made. Vegetables are also grown.  All the blouses are also Vegetables are also grown.  All the blouses are also Vegetables are also grown.  All the blouses are also attached. attached. This gift for Deepika is very popular. This gift for Deepika is very popular. This gift for Deepika is very popular. How is the time now?   I keep coming. How is the time now?   I keep coming. How is the time now?   I keep coming. Also Also Also good the one below good the one below so friends she had come to buy a suit as a gift for bhabhi so friends she had come to buy a suit as a gift for bhabhi so friends she had come to buy a suit as a gift for bhabhi and she liked one for herself as well and she liked one for herself as well and she liked one for herself as well and in that too she is confused as to which colour to buy, please and in that too she is confused as to which colour to buy, please and in that too she is confused as to which colour to buy, please show me the blue one, show me the blue one, show me the blue one, maybe I will find it somewhere [laughs] also maybe I will find it somewhere [laughs] also maybe I will find it somewhere [laughs] also brown amma it looks a bit tight brown amma it looks a bit tight brown amma it looks a bit tight you have brown take red or blue one we have to you have brown take red or blue one we have to you have brown take red or blue one we have to open so many and fix everything open so many and fix everything open so many and fix everything amma I should say final just buy the blue one amma I should say final just buy the blue one amma I should say final just buy the blue one show me how much we can open no no no show me how much we can open no no no show me how much we can open no no no why for you even like this why for you even like this why for you even like this exam exam exam flu is better you will get it soon flu is better you will get it soon flu is better you will get it soon yes give this one its done come on yes give this one its done come on yes give this one its done come on Haider come on go Haider come on go Haider come on go Haider go Haider go Haider go so friend see Haider he has a small cycle so so friend see Haider he has a small cycle so so friend see Haider he has a small cycle so I am going to get him a cycle he will take a I am going to get him a cycle he will take a I am going to get him a cycle he will take a cycle quickly tell me which one to buy cycle quickly tell me which one to buy cycle quickly tell me which one to buy which which which belt is made uncle belt is made uncle belt is made uncle where will its belt fit where will its belt fit where will its belt fit friend this new cycle has just arrived now he will friend this new cycle has just arrived now he will friend this new cycle has just arrived now he will roam around in his cycle.   The roam around in his cycle.   The roam around in his cycle.   The entire handle will be done from the back only.   The entire handle will be done from the back only.   The entire handle will be done from the back only.   The whole thing is being handled from behind. whole thing is being handled from behind. whole thing is being handled from behind. That's right, friends.  So this is good.  And That's right, friends.  So this is good.  And That's right, friends.  So this is good.  And it also has this safety, so it will it also has this safety, so it will it also has this safety, so it will not fall because right now it is not able to put its feet not fall because right now it is not able to put its feet not fall because right now it is not able to put its feet down, so it will not fall in it.  The rest was down, so it will not fall in it.  The rest was down, so it will not fall in it.  The rest was falling into the cycle.  Bye. falling into the cycle.  Bye. falling into the cycle.  Bye. A Few Moments Later. A Few Moments Later. A Few Moments Later. Friends, his bicycle just arrived and he Friends, his bicycle just arrived and he Friends, his bicycle just arrived and he fell like this.  I got angry with the bicycle. fell like this.  I got angry with the bicycle. fell like this.  I got angry with the bicycle. Friends, do you know what it is?  Neither did Friends, do you know what it is?  Neither did Friends, do you know what it is?  Neither did we tell you this completely nor is there any safety in it.  But we tell you this completely nor is there any safety in it.  But we tell you this completely nor is there any safety in it.  But what is a problem?  This child what is a problem?  This child what is a problem?  This child is very intelligent.  He pressed this button. is very intelligent.  He pressed this button. is very intelligent.  He pressed this button. It opened up and it went down.  It will not have to be It opened up and it went down.  It will not have to be It opened up and it went down.  It will not have to be covered so that it cannot see these buttons. covered so that it cannot see these buttons. covered so that it cannot see these buttons. This is correct.  Friends, I tell Sunny not to get me so This is correct.  Friends, I tell Sunny not to get me so This is correct.  Friends, I tell Sunny not to get me so many things right now.  Half an many things right now.  Half an many things right now.  Half an hour of hobby goes waste.  Now hour of hobby goes waste.  Now hour of hobby goes waste.  Now look, he brought the bicycle and then in the same old walker, look, he brought the bicycle and then in the same old walker, look, he brought the bicycle and then in the same old walker, he got the bicycle not now but after two months.   There should he got the bicycle not now but after two months.   There should he got the bicycle not now but after two months.   There should be this much space in the house. be this much space in the house. be this much space in the house. So friend, we have just come back from outside and I have So friend, we have just come back from outside and I have So friend, we have just come back from outside and I have also got a bicycle for Haider.   I just also got a bicycle for Haider.   I just also got a bicycle for Haider.   I just fell off the bicycle.  The child you see is fell off the bicycle.  The child you see is fell off the bicycle.  The child you see is very naughty but it is okay that he will very naughty but it is okay that he will very naughty but it is okay that he will learn and fall and every child in the world behaves like this so it learn and fall and every child in the world behaves like this so it learn and fall and every child in the world behaves like this so it is okay I just think that he may is okay I just think that he may is okay I just think that he may fall a little but he should fall a little but he should fall a little but he should not get hurt much and now his mood has become better not get hurt much and now his mood has become better not get hurt much and now his mood has become better because since the whole day since he woke up this morning, he has been facing a because since the whole day since he woke up this morning, he has been facing a because since the whole day since he woke up this morning, he has been facing a lot of lot of lot of problems regarding the video, he has been anxious and pained problems regarding the video, he has been anxious and pained problems regarding the video, he has been anxious and pained because it is his hard work of six years, he feels because it is his hard work of six years, he feels because it is his hard work of six years, he feels that friend my video has been removed because of my mistake that friend my video has been removed because of my mistake that friend my video has been removed because of my mistake and this was the first time and this was the first time and this was the first time his video was removed by YouTube but his video was removed by YouTube but his video was removed by YouTube but finally Alhamdulillah whatever he might have done by finally Alhamdulillah whatever he might have done by finally Alhamdulillah whatever he might have done by editing it, well editing it, well editing it, well I do not have that much knowledge about it and after doing that I do not have that much knowledge about it and after doing that I do not have that much knowledge about it and after doing that his video has come back and he is his video has come back and he is his video has come back and he is feeling a bit good, today was a feeling a bit good, today was a feeling a bit good, today was a very stressful day friends. very stressful day friends. very stressful day friends. Yes.  So why did you think so much? Yes.  So why did you think so much? Yes.  So why did you think so much? That one video hasn't even had coffee. That one video hasn't even had coffee. That one video hasn't even had coffee. Friends, let me tell you that Sabha drinks a Friends, let me tell you that Sabha drinks a Friends, let me tell you that Sabha drinks a lot of coffee.  If you ask me personally, lot of coffee.  If you ask me personally, lot of coffee.  If you ask me personally, I don't find black coffee that tasty. I don't find black coffee that tasty. I don't find black coffee that tasty. But even the milk one doesn't look that good. But even the milk one doesn't look that good. But even the milk one doesn't look that good. I like it when I I like it when I I like it when I add a little chocolate flavor to it, which becomes add a little chocolate flavor to it, which becomes add a little chocolate flavor to it, which becomes Mo's.  But it is good for health. Mo's.  But it is good for health. Mo's.  But it is good for health. So I started using it as my habit. So I started using it as my habit. So I started using it as my habit. So leave the coffee aside and tell me this now, but this is how So leave the coffee aside and tell me this now, but this is how So leave the coffee aside and tell me this now, but this is how I talk to you.  The matter continues here.   I will I talk to you.  The matter continues here.   I will I talk to you.  The matter continues here.   I will reach here.  Friends, in the last video the reach here.  Friends, in the last video the reach here.  Friends, in the last video the topic was that we had gone for a topic was that we had gone for a topic was that we had gone for a trip.  When we returned from the trip, Haider's diaper was full, so trip.  When we returned from the trip, Haider's diaper was full, so trip.  When we returned from the trip, Haider's diaper was full, so Sunny took it off at that time. Sunny took it off at that time. Now everyone keeps it diaper free Now everyone keeps it diaper free Now everyone keeps it diaper free and I was sitting here and the shooting was going on here. and I was sitting here and the shooting was going on here. and I was sitting here and the shooting was going on here. I thought there was a shooting going on at One. I thought there was a shooting going on at One. I thought there was a shooting going on at One. One means the close from there may not be coming. One means the close from there may not be coming. One means the close from there may not be coming. Everyone keeps the child diaper free Everyone keeps the child diaper free Everyone keeps the child diaper free here.  So sometimes, in the process of taking both of them, here.  So sometimes, in the process of taking both of them, here.  So sometimes, in the process of taking both of them, Krishna might have pressed point five on him. Krishna might have pressed point five on him. Krishna might have pressed point five on him. What happens at point five is What happens at point five is What happens at point five is that even the entire distance becomes visible.  That that even the entire distance becomes visible.  That that even the entire distance becomes visible.  That meaning did not remain in my mind.  Sometimes he was so meaning did not remain in my mind.  Sometimes he was so meaning did not remain in my mind.  Sometimes he was so sidetracked that he didn't even pay sidetracked that he didn't even pay attention to it, he wasn't even in the edit, attention to it, he wasn't even in the edit, attention to it, he wasn't even in the edit, I rechecked and I didn't pay attention either, I rechecked and I didn't pay attention either, I rechecked and I didn't pay attention either, okay look, these are YouTube's guidelines, okay look, these are YouTube's guidelines, okay look, these are YouTube's guidelines, everyone gets to learn everyone gets to learn everyone gets to learn and learn, but friend, and learn, but friend, and learn, but friend, everyone keeps their children diaper-free at home, everyone keeps their children diaper-free at home, everyone keeps their children diaper-free at home, now that was probably our mistake that we did now that was probably our mistake that we did now that was probably our mistake that we did n't, that was n't, that was n't, that was right according to YouTube, so right according to YouTube, so right according to YouTube, so they did the right thing, see, not through comments of all they did the right thing, see, not through comments of all they did the right thing, see, not through comments of all kinds, then how will you kinds, then how will you kinds, then how will you become an inspiration for others today, but come on, we also learned a lesson become an inspiration for others today, but come on, we also learned a lesson become an inspiration for others today, but come on, we also learned a lesson and we can tell you all that too, that too, that intentionally, intentionally, and we can tell you all that too, that too, that intentionally, intentionally, who will show their child like this because it was a who will show their child like this because it was a who will show their child like this because it was a very small part, when it moved, it was not like that, then very small part, when it moved, it was not like that, then very small part, when it moved, it was not like that, then he he he looked a little, then this person saw it, looked a little, then this person saw it, looked a little, then this person saw it, after that, then he felt that I am very strong, after that, then he felt that I am very strong, after that, then he felt that I am very strong, from inside, Sabha is not that strong, so Sabha from inside, Sabha is not that strong, so Sabha from inside, Sabha is not that strong, so Sabha feels that it is his fault, not because of who is feels that it is his fault, not because of who is feels that it is his fault, not because of who is saying what, but because of why his video got removed, saying what, but because of why his video got removed, yes, I felt that it was his mistake, yes, I felt that it was his mistake, yes, I felt that it was his mistake, why did I not look at the edit, why did I not look at the edit, why did I not look at the edit, why did I not look at it, and according to me, it was that why did I not look at it, and according to me, it was that why did I not look at it, and according to me, it was that you did not see it, it is a mistake, it is a human mistake you did not see it, it is a mistake, it is a human mistake you did not see it, it is a mistake, it is a human mistake and someone so big  It is not an issue and someone so big  It is not an issue and someone so big  It is not an issue as much as one thinks about it because every person as much as one thinks about it because every person as much as one thinks about it because every person keeps their child diaper free and keeps their child diaper free and keeps their child diaper free and we are also doing the same but the difference is that we are also doing the same but the difference is that we are also doing the same but the difference is that we are bloggers so ours got visible.  Other we are bloggers so ours got visible.  Other we are bloggers so ours got visible.  Other people can't see it.  But okay, we people can't see it.  But okay, we people can't see it.  But okay, we accepted this thing.  This thing was cut. accepted this thing.  This thing was cut. accepted this thing.  This thing was cut. We will have to follow YouTube's guidelines. We will have to follow YouTube's guidelines. So now your mood is fine.  There are some more So now your mood is fine.  There are some more So now your mood is fine.  There are some more problems in a person's life.  There is another one problems in a person's life.  There is another one problems in a person's life.  There is another one too.  There is work too.  There is work too.  There is work stress too.  When you come home, then what happens is stress too.  When you come home, then what happens is stress too.  When you come home, then what happens is that the whole gathering is in a bad mood.  There that the whole gathering is in a bad mood.  There that the whole gathering is in a bad mood.  There is tension about work.  If you go out, there is tension about work. is tension about work.  If you go out, there is tension about work. is tension about work.  If you go out, there is tension about work. I said please don't think anything like this about this video. I said please don't think anything like this about this video. I said please don't think anything like this about this video. Whatever it is, let it be, it will come when it has to. Whatever it is, let it be, it will come when it has to. Whatever it is, let it be, it will come when it has to. Otherwise pick it up and put it back in. Otherwise pick it up and put it back in. Otherwise pick it up and put it back in. Then we put it in again.   You Then we put it in again.   You Then we put it in again.   You supported me a lot today because I was supported me a lot today because I was supported me a lot today because I was feeling strange having so many friends throughout the day. feeling strange having so many friends throughout the day. feeling strange having so many friends throughout the day. So it was nice.  So that's all I had to tell you. So it was nice.  So that's all I had to tell you. So it was nice.  So that's all I had to tell you. So friends Rizwan and Rihaan went to So friends Rizwan and Rihaan went to So friends Rizwan and Rihaan went to decorate Bhabhi's house and now I am decorate Bhabhi's house and now I am decorate Bhabhi's house and now I am preparing Bhabhi's gift.  And here is preparing Bhabhi's gift.  And here is preparing Bhabhi's gift.  And here is Bhabhi's gift, show me.  What is this?  This Bhabhi's gift, show me.  What is this?  This Bhabhi's gift, show me.  What is this?  This is just paper.  Enter joke.  What is this is just paper.  Enter joke.  What is this is just paper.  Enter joke.  What is this in it? in it? in it? Look what's in it?  Yes, I had Look what's in it?  Yes, I had Look what's in it?  Yes, I had kept it in it.  Everything was thrown away. kept it in it.  Everything was thrown away. kept it in it.  Everything was thrown away. That's it. That's it. That's it. Hut, this is a cheque.  Look, I give him something like this every year. Hut, this is a cheque.  Look, I give him something like this every year. Hut, this is a cheque.  Look, I give him something like this every year. Slippers, all these things. Slippers, all these things. Slippers, all these things. Even yesterday she was refusing to give me such a thing. Even yesterday she was refusing to give me such a thing. Even yesterday she was refusing to give me such a thing. And then I was thinking, daughter, And then I was thinking, daughter, And then I was thinking, daughter, this time I am not able to understand anything about food. this time I am not able to understand anything about food. this time I am not able to understand anything about food. What should I give, I want to What should I give, I want to What should I give, I want to give them a cheque. give them a cheque. give them a cheque. Check means that check.  A check for money Check means that check.  A check for money Check means that check.  A check for money [laughter] is what a [laughter] is what a [laughter] is what a check is. check is. check is. So this is it. So this is it. So this is it. So what is there in this, nothing has been written yet. So what is there in this, nothing has been written yet. So what is there in this, nothing has been written yet. In this I will make a cheque of ₹1 lakh. In this I will make a cheque of ₹1 lakh. In this I will make a cheque of ₹1 lakh. Okay, Okay, Okay, and I will give this cheque to him. and I will give this cheque to him. and I will give this cheque to him. Correct.  It's very good.   It Correct.  It's very good.   It Correct.  It's very good.   It is a good gift.  That's a lot, is is a good gift.  That's a lot, is is a good gift.  That's a lot, is n't it?  We were very worried since yesterday. n't it?  We were very worried since yesterday. n't it?  We were very worried since yesterday. What to give?  What to give?  Then I thought of What to give?  What to give?  Then I thought of What to give?  What to give?  Then I thought of giving gold.  Then we said we don't like the design.   I have giving gold.  Then we said we don't like the design.   I have giving gold.  Then we said we don't like the design.   I have given you such things many times, Bhabhi, have you ever given you such things many times, Bhabhi, have you ever given you such things many times, Bhabhi, have you ever worn them again?  Yes no no no worn them again?  Yes no no no worn them again?  Yes no no no look at your choice, there are some things look at your choice, there are some things look at your choice, there are some things which a person buys as per his choice and which a person buys as per his choice and which a person buys as per his choice and wears only that, I will make a check in it, wears only that, I will make a check in it, wears only that, I will make a check in it, okay then you will give it to me, I will okay then you will give it to me, I will okay then you will give it to me, I will pack it, every year she used to tell me and she would make her pack it, every year she used to tell me and she would make her pack it, every year she used to tell me and she would make her choice, but this time I don't have the choice, but this time I don't have the choice, but this time I don't have the courage, she will not even select, courage, she will not even select, courage, she will not even select, she will take it as per her choice, so we will make the she will take it as per her choice, so we will make the she will take it as per her choice, so we will make the check, now how have you made it on this, show us check, now how have you made it on this, show us check, now how have you made it on this, show us how the check is made, I feel that the check has become a little how the check is made, I feel that the check has become a little how the check is made, I feel that the check has become a little thick, thick, thick, no it is made like this, no it is made like this, no it is made like this, no it is a little thin, should I no it is a little thin, should I no it is a little thin, should I cut it, cut it, cut it, yes first I will measure it and then cut it, I remembered my childhood, yes first I will measure it and then cut it, I remembered my childhood, failing the measure, yuck.  Then collect it. failing the measure, yuck.  Then collect it. failing the measure, yuck.  Then collect it. Then cook imaginary rice and it will turn into rubber. Then cook imaginary rice and it will turn into rubber. Then cook imaginary rice and it will turn into rubber. But that rubber never becomes rubber.  Did you But that rubber never becomes rubber.  Did you But that rubber never becomes rubber.  Did you do this?   It never happens. do this?   It never happens. do this?   It never happens. Try this, Try this, Try this, look how big a scale Rizha has brought.   A look how big a scale Rizha has brought.   A look how big a scale Rizha has brought.   A little thinner. little thinner. little thinner. You have become too much of a craftsman. You have become too much of a craftsman. You have become too much of a craftsman. You see the design ahead.  What should I do now? You see the design ahead.  What should I do now? You see the design ahead.  What should I do now? Which bank will remain? Which bank will remain? Which bank will remain? Axis Bank is ours. Axis Bank is ours. Axis Bank is ours. Baba, why would you write Axis Bank?  This bank will Baba, why would you write Axis Bank?  This bank will Baba, why would you write Axis Bank?  This bank will not go.  The bank's name was changed to Sabah Bank. not go.  The bank's name was changed to Sabah Bank. not go.  The bank's name was changed to Sabah Bank. All Ibrahim's name is All Ibrahim's name is All Ibrahim's name is strange, you are. strange, you are. strange, you are. Well, that is not original. Well, that is not original. Well, that is not original. Yes, see everything Ibrahim Bhai. Yes, see everything Ibrahim Bhai. Yes, see everything Ibrahim Bhai. You don't know anything.  It's become very boring here. You don't know anything.  It's become very boring here. You don't know anything.  It's become very boring here. You are not able to cut this.  I don't You are not able to cut this.  I don't You are not able to cut this.  I don't know anything.  If you see it know anything.  If you see it know anything.  If you see it cut crookedly then look again.   Then cut crookedly then look again.   Then cut crookedly then look again.   Then we too would have done it quickly. we too would have done it quickly. we too would have done it quickly. This has become the base of our check.  It This has become the base of our check.  It This has become the base of our check.  It is very difficult brother.  You have to is very difficult brother.  You have to is very difficult brother.  You have to make such a box inside.  I will bring the colour.  Here make such a box inside.  I will bring the colour.  Here make such a box inside.  I will bring the colour.  Here we look into Riza's safe.  Oh ho we look into Riza's safe.  Oh ho we look into Riza's safe.  Oh ho !  So much stuff.  Friends, he did !  So much stuff.  Friends, he did !  So much stuff.  Friends, he did not even remove his 12th class book as he was afraid that he might not even remove his 12th class book as he was afraid that he might not even remove his 12th class book as he was afraid that he might fail [laughs].   The fail [laughs].   The fail [laughs].   The pencil broke. pencil broke. pencil broke. How did the pencil break?  Snatch it again.  Snatch How did the pencil break?  Snatch it again.  Snatch How did the pencil break?  Snatch it again.  Snatch it.  The children who were of very high standard used to it.  The children who were of very high standard used to it.  The children who were of very high standard used to say sharpen it.  If it is a little normal say sharpen it.  If it is a little normal say sharpen it.  If it is a little normal then take away the color.  This means that Riza has then take away the color.  This means that Riza has then take away the color.  This means that Riza has not sold it till date because she not sold it till date because she not sold it till date because she cannot believe that she has passed 12th. cannot believe that she has passed 12th. cannot believe that she has passed 12th. I tell him to donate it somewhere. I tell him to donate it somewhere. I tell him to donate it somewhere. Now where do I see colors in this?  So Now where do I see colors in this?  So Now where do I see colors in this?  So friends, there are such new things kept inside which friends, there are such new things kept inside which friends, there are such new things kept inside which till date soap grains have been kept inside.   They are till date soap grains have been kept inside.   They are till date soap grains have been kept inside.   They are not as big as what is lying there.  So not as big as what is lying there.  So not as big as what is lying there.  So friends make a box in it.  You are a friends make a box in it.  You are a friends make a box in it.  You are a complete scholar of Maths. Now it's starting to feel a little bit checky, right Now it's starting to feel a little bit checky, right Now it's starting to feel a little bit checky, right friends? friends? friends? You forget your signature at the bank and are You forget your signature at the bank and are You forget your signature at the bank and are sitting there making cheques.  Are? sitting there making cheques.  Are? sitting there making cheques.  Are? [MUSIC] Come on.  Come, I will [MUSIC] Come on.  Come, I will [MUSIC] Come on.  Come, I will write.  Come on.  The write.  Come on.  The write.  Come on.  The special effects of Bole Denge Wapas are special effects of Bole Denge Wapas are special effects of Bole Denge Wapas are by Haider.  Baba, don't spoil it.  Mom is by Haider.  Baba, don't spoil it.  Mom is by Haider.  Baba, don't spoil it.  Mom is making it for aunty. I will not be able to get a job somewhere with my daughter, I can get a I will not be able to get a job somewhere with my daughter, I can get a I will not be able to get a job somewhere with my daughter, I can get a cheque made, cheque made, cheque made, you are so smart, you are so smart, you are so smart, mother has come, mother has come, what is going on downstairs, what is going on downstairs, what is going on downstairs, sister-in-law will go in the morning, she is giving something to the children, they are doing the same thing, okay, okay, okay, right, right, sister-in-law will go in the morning, she is giving something to the children, they are doing the same thing, okay, okay, okay, right, right, look what look what look what we are doing, sister-in-law's gift, come, we are doing, sister-in-law's gift, come, we are doing, sister-in-law's gift, come, you see friends, first let's see whether mother's you see friends, first let's see whether mother's you see friends, first let's see whether mother's mind works or not, what do you get to know by looking at this, mind works or not, what do you get to know by looking at this, mind works or not, what do you get to know by looking at this, look carefully, look carefully, look carefully, what is this, from what is this, from what is this, from Haider's side, from Haider's side, from Haider's side, from our side, from our side, from our side, from your side, why did we make A B G, then what is your side, why did we make A B G, then what is your side, why did we make A B G, then what is this, look completely, what is this, this, look completely, what is this, this, look completely, what is this, what is complete, this is the house, what is complete, this is the house, what is complete, this is the house, tell me, tell me, tell me, right, what do you feel after seeing right, what do you feel after seeing right, what do you feel after seeing this, look from a distance, have you ever this, look from a distance, have you ever this, look from a distance, have you ever seen anything like this, have you ever signed, seen anything like this, have you ever signed, seen anything like this, have you ever signed, yes, someone has stolen yes, someone has stolen yes, someone has stolen this is your SIR form this is your SIR form this is your SIR form [laughs] from [laughs] from [laughs] from where are you getting it from so far, I have been where are you getting it from so far, I have been troubled since long, get the SIR form filled, get it troubled since long, get the SIR form filled, get it troubled since long, get the SIR form filled, get it filled brother, this is it, filled brother, this is it, yes, if it had been this yes, if it had been this yes, if it had been this big, I would have also needed water as per health.  When I was little, also needed water as per health.  When I was little, also needed water as per health.  When I was little, I saw my father coming and going to the bank.   I used to I saw my father coming and going to the bank.   I used to I saw my father coming and going to the bank.   I used to bring it from a small one. bring it from a small one. bring it from a small one. This one of yours was saying that if you take this from Sitara This one of yours was saying that if you take this from Sitara This one of yours was saying that if you take this from Sitara then only I will accept it, otherwise reject it. then only I will accept it, otherwise reject it. then only I will accept it, otherwise reject it. Okay, enough. Okay, enough. Okay, enough. What will you fill? What will you fill? What will you fill? Look, Haider made it worse.  It will be rejected. Look, Haider made it worse.  It will be rejected. Look, Haider made it worse.  It will be rejected. You are doing that right now, practicing now. You are doing that right now, practicing now. You are doing that right now, practicing now. Yes, Haider will get spoiled.  This is Amma's form. Yes, Haider will get spoiled.  This is Amma's form. Yes, Haider will get spoiled.  This is Amma's form. How is the writing?   It's How is the writing?   It's How is the writing?   It's very nice.  No one will understand.   You are very nice.  No one will understand.   You are very nice.  No one will understand.   You are very bad, friend.  Friends, I have very bad, friend.  Friends, I have very bad, friend.  Friends, I have written in such good writing and am asking written in such good writing and am asking written in such good writing and am asking how is yours?  Don't understand.  You how is yours?  Don't understand.  You how is yours?  Don't understand.  You take out the stick.  Look at P also, it looks like P. take out the stick.  Look at P also, it looks like P. take out the stick.  Look at P also, it looks like P. When the stick comes out of it, the stick will have to be taken out. When the stick comes out of it, the stick will have to be taken out. When the stick comes out of it, the stick will have to be taken out. How did we reach today?   Do you How did we reach today?   Do you How did we reach today?   Do you know cursive writing? know cursive writing? know cursive writing? I do not know.  Curse. I do not know.  Curse. I do not know.  Curse. You will make a drink today without taking out the stick.  Where did this P You will make a drink today without taking out the stick.  Where did this P You will make a drink today without taking out the stick.  Where did this P 's stick go?  If you do 's stick go?  If you do 's stick go?  If you do n't drink this, it doesn't seem like you've drunk it. n't drink this, it doesn't seem like you've drunk it. n't drink this, it doesn't seem like you've drunk it. Tell me am I right or is it a P of wrong cursive Tell me am I right or is it a P of wrong cursive Tell me am I right or is it a P of wrong cursive writing, writing, writing, look how much I have twisted it, it looks like R on look how much I have twisted it, it looks like R on look how much I have twisted it, it looks like R on your cake, your cheque will your cake, your cheque will your cake, your cheque will bounce sister, bounce sister, bounce sister, now let's win ₹1 crore, now let's win ₹1 crore, now let's win ₹1 crore, one zero in it, two G's and increase it for one crore, one zero in it, two G's and increase it for one crore, one zero in it, two G's and increase it for one crore, what was this new, three fights, what was this new, three fights, what was this new, three fights, this cheque is not looking good right now, this cheque is not looking good right now, this cheque is not looking good right now, friends, if you do everything then do it properly, look at friends, if you do everything then do it properly, look at friends, if you do everything then do it properly, look at them, this drop of it, friends, the child inside them has them, this drop of it, friends, the child inside them has them, this drop of it, friends, the child inside them has woken up and is saying, I will colour it, no matter how woken up and is saying, I will colour it, no matter how woken up and is saying, I will colour it, no matter how tough they show themselves from outside, there is tough they show themselves from outside, there is tough they show themselves from outside, there is a small cute a small cute a small cute child hidden inside them.  Isn't it? child hidden inside them.  Isn't it? child hidden inside them.  Isn't it? A few minutes later the A few minutes later the A few minutes later the cheque will be ready.   I am cheque will be ready.   I am cheque will be ready.   I am taking my form. taking my form. taking my form. Yes brother, I will have to get it checked. Yes brother, I will have to get it checked. Yes brother, I will have to get it checked. Rest is accumulated.  I got this much packed. Rest is accumulated.  I got this much packed. Rest is accumulated.  I got this much packed. Tell me what you want to show to your brother.   It's my Tell me what you want to show to your brother.   It's my Tell me what you want to show to your brother.   It's my aunt's birthday.   She looks very cute.  Thank you.   It looks looks very cute.  Thank you.   It looks looks very cute.  Thank you.   It looks very nice, the combination will combination will combination will look good, that's why I went with some more freedom than intended. look good, that's why I went with some more freedom than intended. I thought it wouldn't be nice.  Is good.   I could I thought it wouldn't be nice.  Is good.   I could I thought it wouldn't be nice.  Is good.   I could n't recognize you so simply every day. n't recognize you so simply every day. n't recognize you so simply every day. Come back tied like this.  Just like that, recognize it a little [laughs].  Isn't it Come back tied like this.  Just like that, recognize it a little [laughs].  Isn't it Come back tied like this.  Just like that, recognize it a little [laughs].  Isn't it ? ? ? It didn't prepare you much.  It has always been so It didn't prepare you much.  It has always been so special to me that I am always in the house.  Yes, look like this [laughs] special to me that I am always in the house.  Yes, look like this [laughs] special to me that I am always in the house.  Yes, look like this [laughs] now I recognized you, now I recognized you, you people seem to be the loveliest, you are the pride of every gathering, you people seem to be the loveliest, you are the pride of every gathering, we all are pride, it is we all are pride, it is we all are pride, it is true, it happens only with elders, true, it happens only with elders, true, it happens only with elders, what is this, no [laughs] is it a radish, no [laughs] is it a radish, no [laughs] is it a radish, what is it, what is it, what is it, this is a radish, this is a radish, this is a radish, this is a radish, brother, do n't eat the chocolate ones.   So, n't eat the chocolate ones.   So, n't eat the chocolate ones.   So, [sound of clearing throat] this is a date. [sound of clearing throat] this is a date. [sound of clearing throat] this is a date. I saw that you made it.  The recipe is shot. I saw that you made it.  The recipe is shot. You look very nice, light. You look very nice, light. You look very nice, light. No, I did not do anything.   I No, I did not do anything.   I No, I did not do anything.   I make it sometimes but I make it perfectly.   The make it sometimes but I make it perfectly.   The bake turned out very well.   It's bake turned out very well.   It's bake turned out very well.   It's very good.  That's what I am saying.  It looks absolutely very good.  That's what I am saying.  It looks absolutely very good.  That's what I am saying.  It looks absolutely professional. professional. professional. Okay, you also come.  Come and go.   We will find out. Okay, you also come.  Come and go.   We will find out. Okay, you also come.  Come and go.   We will find out. Haider is coming so I will do it in advance Haider is coming so I will do it in advance Haider is coming so I will do it in advance [laughs]. Stop. Stop. Stop. Feeling very nice.  Black black bottom happy happy happy to you.  Happy Birthday to you.  Happy Birthday to you.  Happy Birthday Daa Daa Daa [applause] Happy Birthday to you.   Made it [applause] Happy Birthday to you.   Made it [applause] Happy Birthday to you.   Made it perfect.  [laughter] I do perfect.  [laughter] I do perfect.  [laughter] I do n't know how it will be right now.  It will be sweet or n't know how it will be right now.  It will be sweet or n't know how it will be right now.  It will be sweet or not. not. not. Now I should go somewhere and hide. Now I should go somewhere and hide. Now I should go somewhere and hide. [laughs] There's [laughs] There's [laughs] There's no cream to apply. Papa fed me or not. Papa fed me or not. Papa fed me or not. fed as it is. fed as it is. fed as it is. Like [laughs] Like [laughs] Like [laughs] you were not able to understand that I had forgotten something. you were not able to understand that I had forgotten something. No, no, I understood. What is Sabha's Jahan Band? What is Sabha's Jahan Band? What is Sabha's Jahan Band? ₹1 lakh please, what now?  Now the biryani vendor ₹1 lakh please, what now?  Now the biryani vendor ₹1 lakh please, what now?  Now the biryani vendor made it very badly. made it very badly. made it very badly. Do you have a cheque?  [laughter] Do you have a cheque?  [laughter] Do you have a cheque?  [laughter] Yes, it's Czech. Yes, it's Czech. Yes, it's Czech. How did you not understand the meaning? How did you not understand the meaning? How did you not understand the meaning? I did not understand the meaning of this.  Sister-in-law I did not understand the meaning of this.  Sister-in-law I did not understand the meaning of this.  Sister-in-law always tells.  This time she was not telling anything. always tells.  This time she was not telling anything. always tells.  This time she was not telling anything. So he has So he has So he has given me this cheque.   The given me this cheque.   The given me this cheque.   The cheque has been given.  [laughter] You can do whatever you want. You can do whatever you want. You can do whatever you want. Ok.  Done.   I have to Ok.  Done.   I have to Ok.  Done.   I have to make a whole vlog on that only. make a whole vlog on that only. make a whole vlog on that only. Ok.  Done. Ok.  Done. Ok.  Done. Sure. Sure. Sure. 100% how am I going to spend this one now 100% how am I going to spend this one now 100% how am I going to spend this one now ? ? ? And I charge you that amount. And I charge you that amount. And I charge you that amount. Because I really couldn't understand anything [laughs].  I am Because I really couldn't understand anything [laughs].  I am Because I really couldn't understand anything [laughs].  I am not crazy, how did you make me? not crazy, how did you make me? not crazy, how did you make me? No, you have made the check correctly. No, you have made the check correctly. No, you have made the check correctly. You did not cross. [laughter] Everyone else did a great job.  She is cute. [laughter] Everyone else did a great job.  She is cute. [laughter] Everyone else did a great job.  She is cute. Brother had said that it would start walking in a week. Brother had said that it would start walking in a week. Brother had said that it would start walking in a week. Look, it hasn't even been a week. Look, it hasn't even been a week. Look, it hasn't even been a week. You were saying that you had said it would be done in a week. You were saying that you had said it would be done in a week. You were saying that you had said it would be done in a week. We said brother, you have been saying for a long time that this is We said brother, you have been saying for a long time that this is We said brother, you have been saying for a long time that this is not working. Well good now now now you guys will enjoy it, Alhamdulillah friends Bhabhi's birthday was celebrated Alhamdulillah friends Bhabhi's birthday was celebrated Alhamdulillah friends Bhabhi's birthday was celebrated very well and today such a good very well and today such a good very well and today such a good thing happened on Bhabhi's birthday, thing happened on Bhabhi's birthday, thing happened on Bhabhi's birthday, Alhamdulillah, that I saw Papa walking on the Alhamdulillah, that I saw Papa walking on the Alhamdulillah, that I saw Papa walking on the way, I mean Papa came out on his own, using a walker. way, I mean Papa came out on his own, using a walker. way, I mean Papa came out on his own, using a walker. All this is in return for your prayers.   On All this is in return for your prayers.   On All this is in return for your prayers.   On Bhabhi's birthday, Mashaallah Bhabhi Bhabhi's birthday, Mashaallah Bhabhi Bhabhi's birthday, Mashaallah Bhabhi is very lucky for all of us and Haider also started walking. is very lucky for all of us and Haider also started walking. is very lucky for all of us and Haider also started walking. Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah Alhamdulillah Mashallah.  Daughter aunt was saying, what do you do Mashallah.  Daughter aunt was saying, what do you do Mashallah.  Daughter aunt was saying, what do you do daughter aunt, when the children go, daughter aunt, when the children go, daughter aunt, when the children go, distribute sweets.  We distribute dumplings among our females. distribute sweets.  We distribute dumplings among our females. distribute sweets.  We distribute dumplings among our females. But now no one distributes it.  They simply But now no one distributes it.  They simply But now no one distributes it.  They simply distribute Gulab Jamun and Rasgulla.   Do what you used to do distribute Gulab Jamun and Rasgulla.   Do what you used to do distribute Gulab Jamun and Rasgulla.   Do what you used to do before.  Just distribute the dumplings. before.  Just distribute the dumplings. before.  Just distribute the dumplings. Ok.  He distributes it.  Does Ok.  He distributes it.  Does Ok.  He distributes it.  Does anyone eat gulagulet these days?  No one eats.  Because of this anyone eat gulagulet these days?  No one eats.  Because of this anyone eat gulagulet these days?  No one eats.  Because of this we will make some sweets but you distribute the we will make some sweets but you distribute the we will make some sweets but you distribute the sweets, sweets, sweets, okay inshalah inshalah, I am happy okay inshalah inshalah, I am happy okay inshalah inshalah, I am happy inshalah, we will distribute sweets to the children and inshalah, we will distribute sweets to the children and inshalah, we will distribute sweets to the children and everyone around, this madam had gone to do the decoration, everyone around, this madam had gone to do the decoration, everyone around, this madam had gone to do the decoration, when she came she got when she came she got when she came she got angry, anger means I always get angry, angry, anger means I always get angry, angry, anger means I always get angry, Shalu, right now I don't have time anyway, and on top of that do you Shalu, right now I don't have time anyway, and on top of that do you Shalu, right now I don't have time anyway, and on top of that do you know who did it completely, I, know who did it completely, I, know who did it completely, I, yes you did it, no one else, if someone else had done it I would yes you did it, no one else, if someone else had done it I would yes you did it, no one else, if someone else had done it I would not have left it, not have left it, not have left it, this is your full respect for 12th, this is your full respect for 12th, this is your full respect for 12th, so I said I did not expect her to so I said I did not expect her to so I said I did not expect her to pass, so donate it here, give it to her, I could pass, so donate it here, give it to her, I could pass, so donate it here, give it to her, I could not find anyone, Rizha, in what manner is this not find anyone, Rizha, in what manner is this not find anyone, Rizha, in what manner is this stuff kept, friend, I stuff kept, friend, I stuff kept, friend, I asked so many people but no one is ready to take it. asked so many people but no one is ready to take it. Please Riza, they are getting completely ruined.   Will Please Riza, they are getting completely ruined.   Will Please Riza, they are getting completely ruined.   Will put some good stuff in it.  One is put some good stuff in it.  One is put some good stuff in it.  One is taken by Sunny taken by Sunny taken by Sunny and the other is taken by Riya, what has happened? and the other is taken by Riya, what has happened? and the other is taken by Riya, what has happened? Friends, Friends, Friends, how did you like all this about Riza in this form that I filled? how did you like all this about Riza in this form that I filled? how did you like all this about Riza in this form that I filled? I was thinking the same thing that son, you are I was thinking the same thing that son, you are I was thinking the same thing that son, you are filling my form.  But I thought, filling my form.  But I thought, how did you like such a big gift?  I how did you like such a big gift?  I how did you like such a big gift?  I came to the bank with Papa for so many years but I could came to the bank with Papa for so many years but I could came to the bank with Papa for so many years but I could not recognize him.  Yes no no I don't take this. not recognize him.  Yes no no I don't take this. not recognize him.  Yes no no I don't take this. How did you find it?   Adored. How did you find it?   Adored. Sure? Sure? Sure? Very good. Very good. Very good. Because my mother believed that he would take someone of his choice as his choice. Because my mother believed that he would take someone of his choice as his choice. I I I told you twice to come and bring a gift.  You are told you twice to come and bring a gift.  You are told you twice to come and bring a gift.  You are saying that you will take it tomorrow, not now, as you don't have time. saying that you will take it tomorrow, not now, as you don't have time. saying that you will take it tomorrow, not now, as you don't have time. I will give it comfortably.  So I said, I will give it comfortably.  So I said, I will give it comfortably.  So I said, give it slowly.  I never imagined give it slowly.  I never imagined give it slowly.  I never imagined that you would be making this whole tea for Bhabhi.   I that you would be making this whole tea for Bhabhi.   I that you would be making this whole tea for Bhabhi.   I remember last year, Amma.  We had gone to get a remember last year, Amma.  We had gone to get a remember last year, Amma.  We had gone to get a gift.  What noodles did she eat?  Look, gift.  What noodles did she eat?  Look, gift.  What noodles did she eat?  Look, she has fallen and come back.  There is evidence that he she has fallen and come back.  There is evidence that he she has fallen and come back.  There is evidence that he ate noodles at night.  Friends, this time I had ate noodles at night.  Friends, this time I had ate noodles at night.  Friends, this time I had thought that I will give a good massage to Bhabhi thought that I will give a good massage to Bhabhi thought that I will give a good massage to Bhabhi because her hands and legs ache, so because her hands and legs ache, so because her hands and legs ache, so I discussed it with my brother and my brother I discussed it with my brother and my brother I discussed it with my brother and my brother said okay but I could not get it in such a short time, said okay but I could not get it in such a short time, said okay but I could not get it in such a short time, then he did then he did then he did not take the money yet because Bhabhi said I not take the money yet because Bhabhi said I not take the money yet because Bhabhi said I can get that too, so she sent it to me online, so can get that too, so she sent it to me online, so can get that too, so she sent it to me online, so I want that she should take anything that should be useful to her, it should be something I want that she should take anything that should be useful to her, it should be something I want that she should take anything that should be useful to her, it should be something she needs, so that is why the she needs, so that is why the she needs, so that is why the cheque has gone but he did cheque has gone but he did cheque has gone but he did not take the money yet, he said wait, let us not take the money yet, he said wait, let us not take the money yet, he said wait, let us decide what it is and then decide what it is and then decide what it is and then buy that thing, buy that thing, buy that thing, yes, so once I was booking a yes, so once I was booking a yes, so once I was booking a masseur online, but I said I do masseur online, but I said I do masseur online, but I said I do n't know how it will turn out online, if something happens then he has a n't know how it will turn out online, if something happens then he has a n't know how it will turn out online, if something happens then he has a shop in a zoo, so we will go there and shop in a zoo, so we will go there and shop in a zoo, so we will go there and see see see Deepika's birthday, happiness, Allah Pak, she is Deepika's birthday, happiness, Allah Pak, she is Deepika's birthday, happiness, Allah Pak, she is good, she is always happy with Allah, good, she is always happy with Allah, good, she is always happy with Allah, we will pray for this and secondly, it felt we will pray for this and secondly, it felt we will pray for this and secondly, it felt so good when Papa came and walked, he was getting emotional in my heart, so good when Papa came and walked, he was getting emotional in my heart, yes, yes and it is a happy thing that at that very moment I started walking, yes, yes and it is a happy thing that at that very moment I started walking, yes, yes and it is a happy thing that at that very moment I started walking, first I kept playing with my feet and then suddenly started first I kept playing with my feet and then suddenly started first I kept playing with my feet and then suddenly started walking, may walking, may walking, may Allah protect everyone from the evil eye, may Allah keep everyone well, Allah protect everyone from the evil eye, may Allah keep everyone well, Allah protect everyone from the evil eye, may Allah keep everyone well, only may Allah bring such happiness to everyone's home  O only may Allah bring such happiness to everyone's home  O only may Allah bring such happiness to everyone's home  O Allah, this is my prayer, Allah, this is my prayer, Allah, this is my prayer, sometimes happiness, sometimes sorrow, friends, we just have to be happy in every situation sometimes happiness, sometimes sorrow, friends, we just have to be happy in every situation sometimes happiness, sometimes sorrow, friends, we just have to be happy in every situation and stay with each other in every situation. and stay with each other in every situation. The next day, The next day, The next day, so friends, the next day has come, today is so friends, the next day has come, today is so friends, the next day has come, today is 6th August, Bhabhi's birthday and today we have to go to 6th August, Bhabhi's birthday and today we have to go to 6th August, Bhabhi's birthday and today we have to go to Bhabhi's birthday dinner, Bhabhi's birthday dinner, Bhabhi's birthday dinner, so we are selecting Haider's clothes so we are selecting Haider's clothes so we are selecting Haider's clothes and daughter Khal has come from college, and daughter Khal has come from college, and daughter Khal has come from college, half of it is ready here, only complete getting is left to be ready half of it is ready here, only complete getting is left to be ready half of it is ready here, only complete getting is left to be ready [laughs], we have just [laughs], we have just [laughs], we have just come after taking bath. come after taking bath. come after taking bath. I said it is all left. I said it is all left. I said it is all left. How was the workshop just now?   It was How was the workshop just now?   It was How was the workshop just now?   It was good.  Okay, good.  Okay, good.  Okay, teach us a little too. What do you teach us teach us a little too. What do you teach us teach us a little too. What do you teach us ?  How to hold a spoon? ?  How to hold a spoon? ?  How to hold a spoon? This spoon was not going to be placed inside the plate today.  Today I had This spoon was not going to be placed inside the plate today.  Today I had This spoon was not going to be placed inside the plate today.  Today I had invited someone from a hotel outside and he came invited someone from a hotel outside and he came invited someone from a hotel outside and he came there and was giving a workshop on there and was giving a workshop on there and was giving a workshop on how you will welcome the how you will welcome the how you will welcome the guests when you go to a hotel and how you will treat them.   I am going guests when you go to a hotel and how you will treat them.   I am going today, I have to eat.  This will today, I have to eat.  This will today, I have to eat.  This will tell us how to hold the spoon, how to eat, tell us how to hold the spoon, how to eat, tell us how to hold the spoon, how to eat, this will tell us how today I will explain to you this will tell us how today I will explain to you this will tell us how today I will explain to you friends, we have to leave a little early friends, we have to leave a little early friends, we have to leave a little early because we have to see the gift from Bhabhi, that is, we have to because we have to see the gift from Bhabhi, that is, we have to because we have to see the gift from Bhabhi, that is, we have to see her massage chair, see her massage chair, see her massage chair, friends we are ready and friends we are ready and friends we are ready and whenever Reeza gets ready she makes the room such a condition, so we whenever Reeza gets ready she makes the room such a condition, so we whenever Reeza gets ready she makes the room such a condition, so we cannot show it now, let's go cannot show it now, let's go cannot show it now, let's go because I came late from college, I because I came late from college, I because I came late from college, I can't find clothes, right away let's go, nice nice can't find clothes, right away let's go, nice nice can't find clothes, right away let's go, nice nice dress Reeza, dress Reeza, dress Reeza, come on mummy, Assalamu Alaikum, come on mummy, Assalamu Alaikum, come on mummy, Assalamu Alaikum, Alaikum, you are Alaikum, you are Alaikum, you are looking good, you are looking beautiful, you are looking good, you are looking beautiful, you are looking good, you are also looking good. looking good, you are also looking good. looking good, you are also looking good. My down to earth husband.   You will have to do it, right? My down to earth husband.   You will have to do it, right? Let me do it. Let me do it. Let me do it. We are just leaving.  Glad Bhabhi is having a We are just leaving.  Glad Bhabhi is having a We are just leaving.  Glad Bhabhi is having a good birthday.  Just one thing was that till now whenever good birthday.  Just one thing was that till now whenever good birthday.  Just one thing was that till now whenever we went for a we went for a we went for a family dinner, especially when I last went, family dinner, especially when I last went, family dinner, especially when I last went, Papa also used to come along.  This time Papa is Papa also used to come along.  This time Papa is Papa also used to come along.  This time Papa is not able to go because he will not able to go because he will not able to go because he will not feel comfortable taking me along right now.   no not feel comfortable taking me along right now.   no not feel comfortable taking me along right now.   no problem baby.  It will be quite alright now, problem baby.  It will be quite alright now, problem baby.  It will be quite alright now, Inshallah.  Inshallah he will join us very soon. Inshallah.  Inshallah he will join us very soon. Inshallah.  Inshallah he will join us very soon. Just pray to Allah.  This Just pray to Allah.  This Just pray to Allah.  This time I am really not feeling well.  We have time I am really not feeling well.  We have time I am really not feeling well.  We have not told.   He does not told.   He does not told.   He does n't have that yet, does he? n't have that yet, does he? n't have that yet, does he? Yes, I did not tell them. Yes, I did not tell them. Yes, I did not tell them. Yes Dev Bhaiya, poor Dev Bhaiya, he is also there and Yes Dev Bhaiya, poor Dev Bhaiya, he is also there and Yes Dev Bhaiya, poor Dev Bhaiya, he is also there and says no one can do anything, it's okay. says no one can do anything, it's okay. says no one can do anything, it's okay. Friends, we had left.  Rihaan Friends, we had left.  Rihaan Friends, we had left.  Rihaan called and said that his college was over.  So called and said that his college was over.  So called and said that his college was over.  So we are taking that along the way as well.  Come on. we are taking that along the way as well.  Come on. we are taking that along the way as well.  Come on. Friends, we have also picked up Rihaan Friends, we have also picked up Rihaan Friends, we have also picked up Rihaan and so many of us are packed in one car. and so many of us are packed in one car. and so many of us are packed in one car. Everyone settled back.  Now that two people are Everyone settled back.  Now that two people are Everyone settled back.  Now that two people are sitting here, it is comfortable, right? sitting here, it is comfortable, right? sitting here, it is comfortable, right? In peace, right? In peace, right? In peace, right? Yes.  Three people were sitting.  Now Riza has also Yes.  Three people were sitting.  Now Riza has also Yes.  Three people were sitting.  Now Riza has also gone behind.  Riza is right?  Now I have got proper rest. gone behind.  Riza is right?  Now I have got proper rest. gone behind.  Riza is right?  Now I have got proper rest. We also have a lot of right.  Well [laughter] it's gone. We also have a lot of right.  Well [laughter] it's gone. We also have a lot of right.  Well [laughter] it's gone. All three were sitting on one seat.  We said, mother is All three were sitting on one seat.  We said, mother is All three were sitting on one seat.  We said, mother is upset today.  She was coming comfortably with her brother.  I upset today.  She was coming comfortably with her brother.  I upset today.  She was coming comfortably with her brother.  I sit peacefully and wonder how sit peacefully and wonder how sit peacefully and wonder how I ended up sitting here today. I ended up sitting here today. I ended up sitting here today. No, no, it is not like that.  I was comfortable with everyone. No, no, it is not like that.  I was comfortable with everyone. No, no, it is not like that.  I was comfortable with everyone. But all three were sitting, right? But all three were sitting, right? But all three were sitting, right? Yes.   I got down. Yes.   I got down. Yes. Yes. Yes. TRAI.  [laughter] Get up TRAI.  [laughter] Get up TRAI.  [laughter] Get up for 6 lakhs quickly.  It is worth Rs 6 lakh. for 6 lakhs quickly.  It is worth Rs 6 lakh. Stop it Stop it Stop it ma'am.  Try it for at least 5 minutes. ma'am.  Try it for at least 5 minutes. ma'am.  Try it for at least 5 minutes. No, there is a little more pressure.   You No, there is a little more pressure.   You No, there is a little more pressure.   You can reduce it, right? can reduce it, right? can reduce it, right? You should turn it off.   Did you You should turn it off.   Did you You should turn it off.   Did you understand anything? understand anything? understand anything? Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay then, I did not buy any gift for sister-in-law yesterday. Okay then, I did not buy any gift for sister-in-law yesterday. Okay then, I did not buy any gift for sister-in-law yesterday. So let's take the gift from here now. So let's take the gift from here now. So let's take the gift from here now. Then let's go inside. Then let's go inside. Then let's go inside. So friends, this is a special gift from Sunny.   Did you So friends, this is a special gift from Sunny.   Did you like it? like it? like it? Actually, yesterday's one was also from both of us Actually, yesterday's one was also from both of us Actually, yesterday's one was also from both of us but Bhabhi likes Lucknowi and Sunny could but Bhabhi likes Lucknowi and Sunny could but Bhabhi likes Lucknowi and Sunny could not go yesterday.   Then not go yesterday.   Then not go yesterday.   Then he said that I will give it. he said that I will give it. he said that I will give it. He brought a high chair for it.  They don't He brought a high chair for it.  They don't He brought a high chair for it.  They don't know that this low land is raw. know that this low land is raw. know that this low land is raw. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. So friends, we have reached here. So friends, we have reached here. So friends, we have reached here. Brother and sister-in-law have not come yet.  Those people must be coming now. Brother and sister-in-law have not come yet.  Those people must be coming now. Brother and sister-in-law have not come yet.  Those people must be coming now. And Risha, look how much mom has And Risha, look how much mom has And Risha, look how much mom has brought.  Whatever you want to use.  Mom had brought.  Whatever you want to use.  Mom had brought.  Whatever you want to use.  Mom had not come here wearing anything.  You not come here wearing anything.  You not come here wearing anything.  You even washed your face.  Your mouth is clean.  Yellow.   Let's even washed your face.  Your mouth is clean.  Yellow.   Let's even washed your face.  Your mouth is clean.  Yellow.   Let's see the number, rub it with a cloth, see the number, rub it with a cloth, see the number, rub it with a cloth, no, mothers don't rub their face like that, no, mothers don't rub their face like that, no, mothers don't rub their face like that, makeup touch up here, we will take makeup touch up here, we will take makeup touch up here, we will take photos today, that's why photos today, that's why photos today, that's why [Music] The rest of the people are eating there and he is on rest of the people are eating there and he is on rest of the people are eating there and he is on my duty, look where is he my duty, look where is he my duty, look where is he coming from, he is coming from the sky, he is coming from there, he is coming from, he is coming from the sky, he is coming from there, he is coming from, he is coming from the sky, he is coming from there, he is not coming, brother, he must be fighting, not coming, brother, he must be fighting, not coming, brother, he must be fighting, friend, I am sitting down to eat right now, friend, I am sitting down to eat right now, friend, I am sitting down to eat right now, I told him that you eat first, I told him that you eat first, I told him that you eat first, till I take Haider, otherwise he will till I take Haider, otherwise he will till I take Haider, otherwise he will not let anyone eat [Music]