Today my roommate got himself insulted in the market.  The Today my roommate got himself insulted in the market.  The Today my roommate got himself insulted in the market.  The shop owner was also shop owner was also shop owner was also laughing so much, I can't even tell you.  So today I am going to the laughing so much, I can't even tell you.  So today I am going to the market with both my roommates.  So as soon as you reach the market.   First of all market with both my roommates.  So as soon as you reach the market.   First of all market with both my roommates.  So as soon as you reach the market.   First of all I ate pineapple because I ate pineapple because I ate pineapple because I was very hungry. I was very hungry. I was very hungry. After that I saw some clothes. After that I saw some clothes. After that I saw some clothes. I was very confused with these two jeans as to I was very confused with these two jeans as to I was very confused with these two jeans as to which one I should buy.  But the size was not available which one I should buy.  But the size was not available which one I should buy.  But the size was not available so I did not buy any.  Then my so I did not buy any.  Then my so I did not buy any.  Then my roommate falls in the middle of a crowded gathering and roommate falls in the middle of a crowded gathering and roommate falls in the middle of a crowded gathering and everyone makes fun of her.  But we everyone makes fun of her.  But we everyone makes fun of her.  But we explained it to him and went around the market. explained it to him and went around the market. explained it to him and went around the market. Then we also visited the sleeper shop.  But Then we also visited the sleeper shop.  But Then we also visited the sleeper shop.  But we didn't like anything.  So I reached there to we didn't like anything.  So I reached there to we didn't like anything.  So I reached there to eat Falooda.  First of all I drank almond eat Falooda.  First of all I drank almond eat Falooda.  First of all I drank almond shake which was much tastier than my expectations. shake which was much tastier than my expectations. shake which was much tastier than my expectations. Then I Then I Then I ate Falooda.  Its name is something like Rabri Falooda ate Falooda.  Its name is something like Rabri Falooda ate Falooda.  Its name is something like Rabri Falooda which was turning out to be so tasty. which was turning out to be so tasty. which was turning out to be so tasty. What can I say?  Next time I What can I say?  Next time I What can I say?  Next time I go to the market, I will definitely go to the market, I will definitely go to the market, I will definitely eat this again.  Then, feeling tired and exhausted, I reached the eat this again.  Then, feeling tired and exhausted, I reached the eat this again.  Then, feeling tired and exhausted, I reached the PG.  I quickly changed my clothes PG.  I quickly changed my clothes PG.  I quickly changed my clothes and sat down to eat.  I made bottle gourd today.   I was and sat down to eat.  I made bottle gourd today.   I was and sat down to eat.  I made bottle gourd today.   I was not feeling well.  So I not feeling well.  So I not feeling well.  So I thought it best to eat something light and I did thought it best to eat something light and I did thought it best to eat something light and I did video editing till 2:00 in the night.  So I was craving something video editing till 2:00 in the night.  So I was craving something video editing till 2:00 in the night.  So I was craving something sweet so I ordered waffles. sweet so I ordered waffles. sweet so I ordered waffles. Love you.  Bye.