>> Hi guys. Good morning. It is Monday. >> Hi guys. Good morning. It is Monday. >> Hi guys. Good morning. It is Monday. It's a brand new week. I'm feeling good. It's a brand new week. I'm feeling good. It's a brand new week. I'm feeling good. I'm feeling productive. I woke up this I'm feeling productive. I woke up this I'm feeling productive. I woke up this morning and had the best Pilates class morning and had the best Pilates class morning and had the best Pilates class that I've had in a while. It really that I've had in a while. It really that I've had in a while. It really kicked me where it hurts. I went to kicked me where it hurts. I went to kicked me where it hurts. I went to Target. I got some restocks on some Target. I got some restocks on some Target. I got some restocks on some spearmint and peppermint tea. I ran out spearmint and peppermint tea. I ran out spearmint and peppermint tea. I ran out of my peppermint one last night and I of my peppermint one last night and I of my peppermint one last night and I haven't had spearmint for a little bit, haven't had spearmint for a little bit, haven't had spearmint for a little bit, but I need to get back into that for my but I need to get back into that for my but I need to get back into that for my skin. And then I went and got, dare I skin. And then I went and got, dare I skin. And then I went and got, dare I say, the best manicure I have ever say, the best manicure I have ever say, the best manicure I have ever received in my life. It feels very chic received in my life. It feels very chic received in my life. It feels very chic and just like simple. It'll go with and just like simple. It'll go with and just like simple. It'll go with everything. I have some apartment everything. I have some apartment everything. I have some apartment updates for y'all because last week's updates for y'all because last week's updates for y'all because last week's vlog was so chaotic with like moving and vlog was so chaotic with like moving and vlog was so chaotic with like moving and everything and I feel like I ended it everything and I feel like I ended it everything and I feel like I ended it right as things kind of started to get a right as things kind of started to get a right as things kind of started to get a little bit more situated. So I'm just little bit more situated. So I'm just little bit more situated. So I'm just going to kind of run you guys around the going to kind of run you guys around the going to kind of run you guys around the apartment and show y'all what I've done apartment and show y'all what I've done apartment and show y'all what I've done so far. Honorary mention for these so far. Honorary mention for these so far. Honorary mention for these flowers that Blake got me yesterday flowers that Blake got me yesterday flowers that Blake got me yesterday because hydrangeas and peonies are my because hydrangeas and peonies are my because hydrangeas and peonies are my favorite and they are perfect. The favorite and they are perfect. The favorite and they are perfect. The kitchen is pretty simple. Like I feel kitchen is pretty simple. Like I feel kitchen is pretty simple. Like I feel like I didn't really change a whole lot like I didn't really change a whole lot like I didn't really change a whole lot from my last kitchen to what I have now. from my last kitchen to what I have now. from my last kitchen to what I have now. I did get all new utensils though from I did get all new utensils though from I did get all new utensils though from William Sonoma. Me and my mom went while William Sonoma. Me and my mom went while William Sonoma. Me and my mom went while she was in town and they are so pretty. she was in town and they are so pretty. she was in town and they are so pretty. I'm obsessed with the little like floral I'm obsessed with the little like floral I'm obsessed with the little like floral things on these, too. That's like things on these, too. That's like things on these, too. That's like honestly really it for the kitchen. I honestly really it for the kitchen. I honestly really it for the kitchen. I already talked about it in a TikTok that already talked about it in a TikTok that already talked about it in a TikTok that I just filmed, but my fridge is my pride I just filmed, but my fridge is my pride I just filmed, but my fridge is my pride and joy. I'm obsessed with having an and joy. I'm obsessed with having an and joy. I'm obsessed with having an entire door for like skin care, skin entire door for like skin care, skin entire door for like skin care, skin health, gut health, you get the gist. I health, gut health, you get the gist. I health, gut health, you get the gist. I also, while I was at Target today, got also, while I was at Target today, got also, while I was at Target today, got some restocks. I wanted to try, I've some restocks. I wanted to try, I've some restocks. I wanted to try, I've seen these energy drinks everywhere and seen these energy drinks everywhere and seen these energy drinks everywhere and I've had them in all the other flavors, I've had them in all the other flavors, I've had them in all the other flavors, but I haven't tried the sparkling candy but I haven't tried the sparkling candy but I haven't tried the sparkling candy twist one, so I got that. And then I got twist one, so I got that. And then I got twist one, so I got that. And then I got some Poppy Shirley Temples. And then some Poppy Shirley Temples. And then some Poppy Shirley Temples. And then this painting from CB2 came the other this painting from CB2 came the other this painting from CB2 came the other day. They delivered it and I took it out day. They delivered it and I took it out day. They delivered it and I took it out of the box and set it up on here. It's of the box and set it up on here. It's of the box and set it up on here. It's going to get hung up and then I think going to get hung up and then I think going to get hung up and then I think I'm going to do a light over it, but I I'm going to do a light over it, but I I'm going to do a light over it, but I honestly haven't decided yet. Having honestly haven't decided yet. Having honestly haven't decided yet. Having this like sitting on this little table this like sitting on this little table this like sitting on this little table has kind of made it difficult to has kind of made it difficult to has kind of made it difficult to decorate obviously. So the decorations decorate obviously. So the decorations decorate obviously. So the decorations that I'm planning to put on there are that I'm planning to put on there are that I'm planning to put on there are down there for now. I also don't have a down there for now. I also don't have a down there for now. I also don't have a lamp in here yet, so I'm using my little lamp in here yet, so I'm using my little lamp in here yet, so I'm using my little candle warmer just to kind of bring some candle warmer just to kind of bring some candle warmer just to kind of bring some more light and ambiance into the living more light and ambiance into the living more light and ambiance into the living room. And then obviously this is not room. And then obviously this is not room. And then obviously this is not going there. I also had my olive tree in going there. I also had my olive tree in going there. I also had my olive tree in this corner, but I really just was not this corner, but I really just was not this corner, but I really just was not feeling it there. So I moved it into the feeling it there. So I moved it into the feeling it there. So I moved it into the beauty room. This is obviously not beauty room. This is obviously not beauty room. This is obviously not staying right there. Just have that staying right there. Just have that staying right there. Just have that there for now. there for now. there for now. And then I don't really know what kind And then I don't really know what kind And then I don't really know what kind of decorations I want to do on top of of decorations I want to do on top of of decorations I want to do on top of this. These were just kind of put there this. These were just kind of put there this. These were just kind of put there as placeholders for right now just cuz I as placeholders for right now just cuz I as placeholders for right now just cuz I didn't want it to feel didn't want it to feel didn't want it to feel too boring and like there's no too boring and like there's no too boring and like there's no personality in the room. We're going to personality in the room. We're going to personality in the room. We're going to reorganize and kind of get it situated. reorganize and kind of get it situated. reorganize and kind of get it situated. And then this room is the biggest work And then this room is the biggest work And then this room is the biggest work in progress because these storage in progress because these storage in progress because these storage cabinets I was explaining to you all the cabinets I was explaining to you all the cabinets I was explaining to you all the other day how that was just like a whole other day how that was just like a whole other day how that was just like a whole situation in itself. But I did set up my situation in itself. But I did set up my situation in itself. But I did set up my mirror and then I put my little lamp mirror and then I put my little lamp mirror and then I put my little lamp next to it. I need to scoot it over just next to it. I need to scoot it over just next to it. I need to scoot it over just a tad. And then my vanity is messy right a tad. And then my vanity is messy right a tad. And then my vanity is messy right now. But now. But now. But this is my baby girl. Let me turn the this is my baby girl. Let me turn the this is my baby girl. Let me turn the lights on so y'all can get like the full lights on so y'all can get like the full lights on so y'all can get like the full effect. effect. effect. Okay. Okay. Okay. Look Look Look at how stunning all of this is. I cannot at how stunning all of this is. I cannot at how stunning all of this is. I cannot even believe that I have this many lip even believe that I have this many lip even believe that I have this many lip liners first of all, but just like how liners first of all, but just like how liners first of all, but just like how beautiful all of this is. I have all of beautiful all of this is. I have all of beautiful all of this is. I have all of my powders and like setting powders. And my powders and like setting powders. And my powders and like setting powders. And then I only have three eyeshadow then I only have three eyeshadow then I only have three eyeshadow palettes, which palettes, which palettes, which I thought I had a lot more than that, I thought I had a lot more than that, I thought I had a lot more than that, but I guess I just never really wear but I guess I just never really wear but I guess I just never really wear eyeshadow. I have all my blushes, eyeshadow. I have all my blushes, eyeshadow. I have all my blushes, concealers, highlighters. concealers, highlighters. concealers, highlighters. I think that's it. There's a lot of like I think that's it. There's a lot of like I think that's it. There's a lot of like extra empty drawers and then on this extra empty drawers and then on this extra empty drawers and then on this side I have like side I have like side I have like face products and like brushes and all face products and like brushes and all face products and like brushes and all of that good stuff. And then of that good stuff. And then of that good stuff. And then bronzers. I also don't have a lot of bronzers. I also don't have a lot of bronzers. I also don't have a lot of bronzer situations. I thought that I had bronzer situations. I thought that I had bronzer situations. I thought that I had a lot more than that, but I guess I just a lot more than that, but I guess I just a lot more than that, but I guess I just have given a lot away in giveaways and have given a lot away in giveaways and have given a lot away in giveaways and stuff. And then in these drawers I have stuff. And then in these drawers I have stuff. And then in these drawers I have skin care skin care skin care serums and like this is literally all serums and like this is literally all serums and like this is literally all face wash, which I don't even know how I face wash, which I don't even know how I face wash, which I don't even know how I have amassed that many face washes, but have amassed that many face washes, but have amassed that many face washes, but I have some towels. I have like I have some towels. I have like I have some towels. I have like cleansers, moisturizers. All my cleansers, moisturizers. All my cleansers, moisturizers. All my sunscreens from Supergoop. I have like sunscreens from Supergoop. I have like sunscreens from Supergoop. I have like this little this little this little bag that just has like a ton of cute bag that just has like a ton of cute bag that just has like a ton of cute stuff in it that I got at one of their stuff in it that I got at one of their stuff in it that I got at one of their events. And then some more moisturizers, events. And then some more moisturizers, events. And then some more moisturizers, some pads and serums. some pads and serums. some pads and serums. This is body care, self-tan, and then This is body care, self-tan, and then This is body care, self-tan, and then hair care in this little corner. I'm hair care in this little corner. I'm hair care in this little corner. I'm trying to give away and donate as much trying to give away and donate as much trying to give away and donate as much product as I can that I don't use on product as I can that I don't use on product as I can that I don't use on like a regular basis. This is some extra like a regular basis. This is some extra like a regular basis. This is some extra fragrances, which I have collected so fragrances, which I have collected so fragrances, which I have collected so many perfumes over the years. It's many perfumes over the years. It's many perfumes over the years. It's actually kind of ridiculous, but this is actually kind of ridiculous, but this is actually kind of ridiculous, but this is like my tools and things. This is not like my tools and things. This is not like my tools and things. This is not supposed to be just like hanging out supposed to be just like hanging out supposed to be just like hanging out right there, but I got a new self-tan right there, but I got a new self-tan right there, but I got a new self-tan mitt last night, so I just have one of mitt last night, so I just have one of mitt last night, so I just have one of these left and then I just have some these left and then I just have some these left and then I just have some towels, some like scrunchies and stuff. towels, some like scrunchies and stuff. towels, some like scrunchies and stuff. I have a hairbrush, some lights, and I have a hairbrush, some lights, and I have a hairbrush, some lights, and then more like Medcube devices for my then more like Medcube devices for my then more like Medcube devices for my skin care. Olive tree is in this room skin care. Olive tree is in this room skin care. Olive tree is in this room for right now. I don't know where it's for right now. I don't know where it's for right now. I don't know where it's going to end up as it's final resting going to end up as it's final resting going to end up as it's final resting place, but I'm not sure if it's going to place, but I'm not sure if it's going to place, but I'm not sure if it's going to be there or not, but this is just like be there or not, but this is just like be there or not, but this is just like overview overview overview of the room. But for the most part I'm of the room. But for the most part I'm of the room. But for the most part I'm starting to feel a lot more at home. I starting to feel a lot more at home. I starting to feel a lot more at home. I feel like the first few days that I was feel like the first few days that I was feel like the first few days that I was here I just didn't feel like my space here I just didn't feel like my space here I just didn't feel like my space yet, I guess. It kind of felt like I was yet, I guess. It kind of felt like I was yet, I guess. It kind of felt like I was at like a at like a at like a Airbnb or like a hotel almost. Like I Airbnb or like a hotel almost. Like I Airbnb or like a hotel almost. Like I was just like this isn't this isn't was just like this isn't this isn't was just like this isn't this isn't where I live yet, but yesterday I was where I live yet, but yesterday I was where I live yet, but yesterday I was out running some errands and the day out running some errands and the day out running some errands and the day before yesterday and both times I was before yesterday and both times I was before yesterday and both times I was like so excited to come home. I'm loving like so excited to come home. I'm loving like so excited to come home. I'm loving it so far. I just am ready for it to be it so far. I just am ready for it to be it so far. I just am ready for it to be like all done and I don't have the like all done and I don't have the like all done and I don't have the patience for that. I'm going to Dallas patience for that. I'm going to Dallas patience for that. I'm going to Dallas on Wednesday to get my hair extensions on Wednesday to get my hair extensions on Wednesday to get my hair extensions moved up and I'm going to run a couple moved up and I'm going to run a couple moved up and I'm going to run a couple errands just like some furniture stores errands just like some furniture stores errands just like some furniture stores in the area and see if I can find in the area and see if I can find in the area and see if I can find anything. I need like pillows and anything. I need like pillows and anything. I need like pillows and blankets for the couch. I need a lamp in blankets for the couch. I need a lamp in blankets for the couch. I need a lamp in here. Potentially a little chair in the here. Potentially a little chair in the here. Potentially a little chair in the beauty room my mirror in the beauty beauty room my mirror in the beauty beauty room my mirror in the beauty room. It's just kind of like a blank room. It's just kind of like a blank room. It's just kind of like a blank wall and I want to put something right wall and I want to put something right wall and I want to put something right there so like in the back of all my there so like in the back of all my there so like in the back of all my mirror pictures and just like for some mirror pictures and just like for some mirror pictures and just like for some extra comfort in the room. Just have extra comfort in the room. Just have extra comfort in the room. Just have like a little fluffy chair or something. like a little fluffy chair or something. like a little fluffy chair or something. Okay, hi guys. It is now Wednesday Okay, hi guys. It is now Wednesday Okay, hi guys. It is now Wednesday afternoon. Late morning, early afternoon. Late morning, early afternoon. Late morning, early afternoon. It's like noon right now. I afternoon. It's like noon right now. I afternoon. It's like noon right now. I just got home from a hair appointment just got home from a hair appointment just got home from a hair appointment and I went to a couple stores in Dallas and I went to a couple stores in Dallas and I went to a couple stores in Dallas to try and find some stuff for the to try and find some stuff for the to try and find some stuff for the apartment. I was going to bring my apartment. I was going to bring my apartment. I was going to bring my camera this morning. I got down to my camera this morning. I got down to my camera this morning. I got down to my car to leave, forgot my camera, came car to leave, forgot my camera, came car to leave, forgot my camera, came back up back up back up brought it down to the car brought it down to the car brought it down to the car forgot that there wasn't a battery in it forgot that there wasn't a battery in it forgot that there wasn't a battery in it cuz it was plugged in on my little shelf cuz it was plugged in on my little shelf cuz it was plugged in on my little shelf over here. Came back up to get the over here. Came back up to get the over here. Came back up to get the battery, realized that the charger was battery, realized that the charger was battery, realized that the charger was not plugged in. So it was like that's not plugged in. So it was like that's not plugged in. So it was like that's God's way of saying don't worry about God's way of saying don't worry about God's way of saying don't worry about vlogging, go do your thing. With that vlogging, go do your thing. With that vlogging, go do your thing. With that being said, I'm now back home. I didn't being said, I'm now back home. I didn't being said, I'm now back home. I didn't find anything, but I did find a blanket find anything, but I did find a blanket find anything, but I did find a blanket and some pillows as a CB2 for the couch. and some pillows as a CB2 for the couch. and some pillows as a CB2 for the couch. I actually saw these whenever I went in I actually saw these whenever I went in I actually saw these whenever I went in to get my painting that came that I to get my painting that came that I to get my painting that came that I showed you guys earlier in this video showed you guys earlier in this video showed you guys earlier in this video and I have not been able to stop and I have not been able to stop and I have not been able to stop thinking about them. So I was like that thinking about them. So I was like that thinking about them. So I was like that is my sign to go back and get them. is my sign to go back and get them. is my sign to go back and get them. Right now I have a sweet potato that I'm Right now I have a sweet potato that I'm Right now I have a sweet potato that I'm about to put in the oven. I'm going to about to put in the oven. I'm going to about to put in the oven. I'm going to do like a little sweet potato ground do like a little sweet potato ground do like a little sweet potato ground beef bowl for lunch open some packages, beef bowl for lunch open some packages, beef bowl for lunch open some packages, assemble the couch, and then keep assemble the couch, and then keep assemble the couch, and then keep unpacking because honestly there's still unpacking because honestly there's still unpacking because honestly there's still some boxes and things that are driving some boxes and things that are driving some boxes and things that are driving me insane in my bathroom and in my me insane in my bathroom and in my me insane in my bathroom and in my closets. But yeah, that is the update closets. But yeah, that is the update closets. But yeah, that is the update for today. Nothing crazy happened for today. Nothing crazy happened for today. Nothing crazy happened yesterday. yesterday. yesterday. I got some computer work stuff done and I got some computer work stuff done and I got some computer work stuff done and it was dumping rain, like dumping and it was dumping rain, like dumping and it was dumping rain, like dumping and hail and lightning and thunder. It was hail and lightning and thunder. It was hail and lightning and thunder. It was terrible. So, yesterday was a pretty terrible. So, yesterday was a pretty terrible. So, yesterday was a pretty gloomy, boring, lazy day. gloomy, boring, lazy day. gloomy, boring, lazy day. Not lazy, but you know what I mean. I'm Not lazy, but you know what I mean. I'm Not lazy, but you know what I mean. I'm actually going to assemble the couch, actually going to assemble the couch, actually going to assemble the couch, make my lunch, and then I'll do a little make my lunch, and then I'll do a little make my lunch, and then I'll do a little PR haul for you guys because I'm pretty PR haul for you guys because I'm pretty PR haul for you guys because I'm pretty sure I have some things in there that I sure I have some things in there that I sure I have some things in there that I bought as well. So, that'll be a fun bought as well. So, that'll be a fun bought as well. So, that'll be a fun little haul. Yeah, I will talk to you little haul. Yeah, I will talk to you little haul. Yeah, I will talk to you guys in just a little bit. guys in just a little bit. guys in just a little bit. >> [music] >> Okay, let's do a little >> Okay, let's do a little >> Okay, let's do a little PR. It is so cold in my apartment. Also, PR. It is so cold in my apartment. Also, PR. It is so cold in my apartment. Also, I think I fixed the lighting on my I think I fixed the lighting on my I think I fixed the lighting on my camera. I basically had to like reset camera. I basically had to like reset camera. I basically had to like reset the whole thing. I don't know if you the whole thing. I don't know if you the whole thing. I don't know if you guys have noticed, but the lighting in guys have noticed, but the lighting in guys have noticed, but the lighting in my last video and then also in like the my last video and then also in like the my last video and then also in like the clips in this video has been clips in this video has been clips in this video has been so out of whack. So, I really wanted to so out of whack. So, I really wanted to so out of whack. So, I really wanted to fix that today. That was on my to-do fix that today. That was on my to-do fix that today. That was on my to-do list. list. list. The first package is from NYX. N Y X. I The first package is from NYX. N Y X. I The first package is from NYX. N Y X. I actually don't know if it's NYX or NYX. actually don't know if it's NYX or NYX. actually don't know if it's NYX or NYX. Oh my god. They released their fat oils, Oh my god. They released their fat oils, Oh my god. They released their fat oils, which are like some of my favorite lip which are like some of my favorite lip which are like some of my favorite lip oils ever, but they came out with body oils ever, but they came out with body oils ever, but they came out with body oils, I think. I'm confused. Oh, body oils, I think. I'm confused. Oh, body oils, I think. I'm confused. Oh, body butter. butter. butter. Yum. Wait, no. It's body mist, body Yum. Wait, no. It's body mist, body Yum. Wait, no. It's body mist, body butter. Oh yeah, and little body oils. butter. Oh yeah, and little body oils. butter. Oh yeah, and little body oils. Wait, that's adorable. Next is from Wait, that's adorable. Next is from Wait, that's adorable. Next is from Makeup by Mario. I picked this up from Makeup by Mario. I picked this up from Makeup by Mario. I picked this up from my other apartment earlier. Oh, cream my other apartment earlier. Oh, cream my other apartment earlier. Oh, cream eyeshadows. Wait, love. I have had my eyeshadows. Wait, love. I have had my eyeshadows. Wait, love. I have had my eye on this eyeshadow palette. This is eye on this eyeshadow palette. This is eye on this eyeshadow palette. This is the neutrals one, I think. Yes. the neutrals one, I think. Yes. the neutrals one, I think. Yes. Because it's just perfect. Like it's not Because it's just perfect. Like it's not Because it's just perfect. Like it's not shimmery, it's just good core colors, shimmery, it's just good core colors, shimmery, it's just good core colors, and I have wanted this for so long. and I have wanted this for so long. and I have wanted this for so long. Ooh! This next one is from Valentino Ooh! This next one is from Valentino Ooh! This next one is from Valentino Beauty. Absolutely stunning little box Beauty. Absolutely stunning little box Beauty. Absolutely stunning little box we have going on here. Four of their we have going on here. Four of their we have going on here. Four of their hair and body mist, vanilla bliss, hair and body mist, vanilla bliss, hair and body mist, vanilla bliss, caramel crush, salty pistachio, and caramel crush, salty pistachio, and caramel crush, salty pistachio, and golden coconut. That literally sounds golden coconut. That literally sounds golden coconut. That literally sounds like me in a perfume. Thank you, like me in a perfume. Thank you, like me in a perfume. Thank you, Valentino. Okay, this next one is Valentino. Okay, this next one is Valentino. Okay, this next one is confidential, but I can talk about it confidential, but I can talk about it confidential, but I can talk about it starting tomorrow. But, by the time this starting tomorrow. But, by the time this starting tomorrow. But, by the time this video is up, the products will be out video is up, the products will be out video is up, the products will be out for I don't know if they'll be out, but for I don't know if they'll be out, but for I don't know if they'll be out, but it won't be confidential anymore. it won't be confidential anymore. it won't be confidential anymore. Please, do not post until 5:21. But, Please, do not post until 5:21. But, Please, do not post until 5:21. But, y'all are going to get my raw reaction, y'all are going to get my raw reaction, y'all are going to get my raw reaction, too, too, too, whatever is in this box. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Um okay, stunning makeup bag. It's like Um okay, stunning makeup bag. It's like Um okay, stunning makeup bag. It's like a cream blush color. In the bag, they a cream blush color. In the bag, they a cream blush color. In the bag, they put restocks. So, they sent me the put restocks. So, they sent me the put restocks. So, they sent me the just enough blush and the she's that just enough blush and the she's that just enough blush and the she's that girl blush, but I don't know what is girl blush, but I don't know what is girl blush, but I don't know what is under this. under this. under this. Revolution of blush. Is this a coffee Revolution of blush. Is this a coffee Revolution of blush. Is this a coffee table book? A Patrick Ta coffee table table book? A Patrick Ta coffee table table book? A Patrick Ta coffee table book would actually be iconic. There is book would actually be iconic. There is book would actually be iconic. There is a liquid transition brightening blush a liquid transition brightening blush a liquid transition brightening blush with the blush brush, which is my with the blush brush, which is my with the blush brush, which is my favorite blush brush of all time. And favorite blush brush of all time. And favorite blush brush of all time. And then, powders, as well. This is my then, powders, as well. This is my then, powders, as well. This is my color, shy at first. This is stunning. color, shy at first. This is stunning. color, shy at first. This is stunning. This is the current body hair helmet. I This is the current body hair helmet. I This is the current body hair helmet. I am so excited to try this. I love am so excited to try this. I love am so excited to try this. I love anything red light. Obviously, you guys anything red light. Obviously, you guys anything red light. Obviously, you guys know this, but like the hair helmets are know this, but like the hair helmets are know this, but like the hair helmets are insane. That just seems like so like insane. That just seems like so like insane. That just seems like so like far-fetched to me, but I'm so excited to far-fetched to me, but I'm so excited to far-fetched to me, but I'm so excited to like actually have one and use it and like actually have one and use it and like actually have one and use it and try it. So, we'll keep you guys updated try it. So, we'll keep you guys updated try it. So, we'll keep you guys updated on my red light scalp journey. Okay, and on my red light scalp journey. Okay, and on my red light scalp journey. Okay, and then the last package is something that then the last package is something that then the last package is something that I bought, which are a couple new workout I bought, which are a couple new workout I bought, which are a couple new workout tops from CSB, which I actually got more tops from CSB, which I actually got more tops from CSB, which I actually got more than what is in this package. So, I than what is in this package. So, I than what is in this package. So, I don't know if it's coming in another don't know if it's coming in another don't know if it's coming in another shipment or like shipment or like shipment or like what the deal is, but what the deal is, but what the deal is, but there's more in the mail. First thing I there's more in the mail. First thing I there's more in the mail. First thing I got is this like cropped got is this like cropped got is this like cropped long-sleeve situation. I'm honestly long-sleeve situation. I'm honestly long-sleeve situation. I'm honestly probably going to wear that tomorrow. probably going to wear that tomorrow. probably going to wear that tomorrow. And then I have seen this tank top And then I have seen this tank top And then I have seen this tank top everywhere, and I love just like the everywhere, and I love just like the everywhere, and I love just like the shape of it and the black shape of it and the black shape of it and the black halter. And it's just a good like basic halter. And it's just a good like basic halter. And it's just a good like basic workout tank for me to have. And then I workout tank for me to have. And then I workout tank for me to have. And then I also got a few more things to Not sure also got a few more things to Not sure also got a few more things to Not sure where those are. I need to check on where those are. I need to check on where those are. I need to check on that. But that is my haul for the that. But that is my haul for the that. But that is my haul for the afternoon. I'm going to clean up all of afternoon. I'm going to clean up all of afternoon. I'm going to clean up all of this, obviously, cuz it's kind of a mess this, obviously, cuz it's kind of a mess this, obviously, cuz it's kind of a mess now. I'm going to clean up all of this, now. I'm going to clean up all of this, now. I'm going to clean up all of this, and then I had lunch like literally an and then I had lunch like literally an and then I had lunch like literally an hour ago, so I don't even know if I'm hour ago, so I don't even know if I'm hour ago, so I don't even know if I'm going to be like hungry for dinner or if going to be like hungry for dinner or if going to be like hungry for dinner or if I'm just going to have like something I'm just going to have like something I'm just going to have like something small later. I don't know yet, but I small later. I don't know yet, but I small later. I don't know yet, but I will keep you guys updated. I think me will keep you guys updated. I think me will keep you guys updated. I think me and Blake are going to watch the end of and Blake are going to watch the end of and Blake are going to watch the end of Perfect Match tonight or just like start Perfect Match tonight or just like start Perfect Match tonight or just like start the second half of the episodes that the second half of the episodes that the second half of the episodes that just came out today. And honestly like just came out today. And honestly like just came out today. And honestly like just chill. Nothing crazy. But I will just chill. Nothing crazy. But I will just chill. Nothing crazy. But I will keep you guys updated if anything keep you guys updated if anything keep you guys updated if anything changes. Okay, hi girls. It's now changes. Okay, hi girls. It's now changes. Okay, hi girls. It's now Thursday. I have been so bad at vlogging Thursday. I have been so bad at vlogging Thursday. I have been so bad at vlogging this week. I'm so sorry. I'm so like this week. I'm so sorry. I'm so like this week. I'm so sorry. I'm so like trying to get settled in everything in trying to get settled in everything in trying to get settled in everything in this apartment, and I think that that is this apartment, and I think that that is this apartment, and I think that that is like really taking a toll on like my like really taking a toll on like my like really taking a toll on like my memory. Anyways, I just got home from a memory. Anyways, I just got home from a memory. Anyways, I just got home from a workout class. I never like bring my workout class. I never like bring my workout class. I never like bring my camera to Pilates or like a workout or camera to Pilates or like a workout or camera to Pilates or like a workout or something just cuz I feel like it's so something just cuz I feel like it's so something just cuz I feel like it's so awkward and like there's other people in awkward and like there's other people in awkward and like there's other people in there, and I don't want to record them there, and I don't want to record them there, and I don't want to record them working out, too. I don't know. I working out, too. I don't know. I working out, too. I don't know. I wouldn't want someone to record me, so wouldn't want someone to record me, so wouldn't want someone to record me, so like I don't like to do that. My like I don't like to do that. My like I don't like to do that. My apartment is a mess. I don't know how apartment is a mess. I don't know how apartment is a mess. I don't know how [laughter] it got this messy already, [laughter] it got this messy already, [laughter] it got this messy already, but it did. And this beauty room is a but it did. And this beauty room is a but it did. And this beauty room is a disaster. Okay? It's like there's boxes disaster. Okay? It's like there's boxes disaster. Okay? It's like there's boxes everywhere. It's still not unpacked. My everywhere. It's still not unpacked. My everywhere. It's still not unpacked. My closet in there is a whole mess in closet in there is a whole mess in closet in there is a whole mess in itself. So, that's the objective for itself. So, that's the objective for itself. So, that's the objective for today is get this straightened up at today is get this straightened up at today is get this straightened up at least empty out the boxes and put things least empty out the boxes and put things least empty out the boxes and put things away. So, that is where I will be for away. So, that is where I will be for away. So, that is where I will be for the next few hours. I have some calls at the next few hours. I have some calls at the next few hours. I have some calls at 12:30. It's 10:30 right now. I already 12:30. It's 10:30 right now. I already 12:30. It's 10:30 right now. I already said that, but for the next like two-ish said that, but for the next like two-ish said that, but for the next like two-ish hours I'm going to work on this room and hours I'm going to work on this room and hours I'm going to work on this room and then I'm going to jump on some calls and then I'm going to jump on some calls and then I'm going to jump on some calls and do some work this afternoon, but I will do some work this afternoon, but I will do some work this afternoon, but I will keep you guys updated if anything keep you guys updated if anything keep you guys updated if anything changes actually this time. changes actually this time. changes actually this time. >> [music] >> Okay, it is now like closer to 1:00 p.m. >> Okay, it is now like closer to 1:00 p.m. >> Okay, it is now like closer to 1:00 p.m. My calls got canceled. So, I went and My calls got canceled. So, I went and My calls got canceled. So, I went and picked up some Sweetgreen. I'm going to picked up some Sweetgreen. I'm going to picked up some Sweetgreen. I'm going to have some lunch and watch my show. I've have some lunch and watch my show. I've have some lunch and watch my show. I've been watching The Better Sister on been watching The Better Sister on been watching The Better Sister on Amazon Prime and I think I have like Amazon Prime and I think I have like Amazon Prime and I think I have like half an episode left. So, I'm going to half an episode left. So, I'm going to half an episode left. So, I'm going to finish that while I eat my fish taco finish that while I eat my fish taco finish that while I eat my fish taco bowl from Sweetgreen. bowl from Sweetgreen. bowl from Sweetgreen. And And And yeah, just hang out yeah, just hang out yeah, just hang out until I finish eating and then I finish until I finish eating and then I finish until I finish eating and then I finish my show. my show. my show. My apartment is freezing. I don't know My apartment is freezing. I don't know My apartment is freezing. I don't know if I already said this today or not, but if I already said this today or not, but if I already said this today or not, but I just want to sit on the couch and like I just want to sit on the couch and like I just want to sit on the couch and like bundle up. It's also so gloomy outside. bundle up. It's also so gloomy outside. bundle up. It's also so gloomy outside. So, it's supposed to be like this and So, it's supposed to be like this and So, it's supposed to be like this and then be thunderstorming for the next then be thunderstorming for the next then be thunderstorming for the next like week. This is where I will be. like week. This is where I will be. like week. This is where I will be. >> [music] >> Okay, it has been a few hours. I did so >> Okay, it has been a few hours. I did so >> Okay, it has been a few hours. I did so much organizing. I'm like so close to much organizing. I'm like so close to much organizing. I'm like so close to being done. I think I have one box left. being done. I think I have one box left. being done. I think I have one box left. Everything else is like finished, which Everything else is like finished, which Everything else is like finished, which is like best thing I could have asked is like best thing I could have asked is like best thing I could have asked for today. I did my whole dresser, so for today. I did my whole dresser, so for today. I did my whole dresser, so organized all of that and then all of organized all of that and then all of organized all of that and then all of the boxes and like clothes boxes of the boxes and like clothes boxes of the boxes and like clothes boxes of clothes that were in the beauty room are clothes that were in the beauty room are clothes that were in the beauty room are all hung up and put away now, which is all hung up and put away now, which is all hung up and put away now, which is such a relief cuz it was stressing me such a relief cuz it was stressing me such a relief cuz it was stressing me out. There was like literally no room to out. There was like literally no room to out. There was like literally no room to walk in this room. This is my first time walk in this room. This is my first time walk in this room. This is my first time sitting here talking to you guys. This sitting here talking to you guys. This sitting here talking to you guys. This is the new setup. My phone for like Tik is the new setup. My phone for like Tik is the new setup. My phone for like Tik Toks and stuff obviously will not be Toks and stuff obviously will not be Toks and stuff obviously will not be here, but my camera is like here, but my camera is like here, but my camera is like set [snorts] up on a little canister set [snorts] up on a little canister set [snorts] up on a little canister that has Q-tips in it for whenever I that has Q-tips in it for whenever I that has Q-tips in it for whenever I take off my mascara and my vanity. take off my mascara and my vanity. take off my mascara and my vanity. Anyways, welcome to the beauty room. I'm Anyways, welcome to the beauty room. I'm Anyways, welcome to the beauty room. I'm going to do some very casual light going to do some very casual light going to do some very casual light makeup tonight because me and Blake are makeup tonight because me and Blake are makeup tonight because me and Blake are about to go to dinner. We're going to about to go to dinner. We're going to about to go to dinner. We're going to one of my favorite Thai spots in Fort one of my favorite Thai spots in Fort one of my favorite Thai spots in Fort Worth. I love Asian food more than Worth. I love Asian food more than Worth. I love Asian food more than anything in the world. I got this little anything in the world. I got this little anything in the world. I got this little clip in PR the other day. I think it's clip in PR the other day. I think it's clip in PR the other day. I think it's from Velvet Caviar. from Velvet Caviar. from Velvet Caviar. I'm going to use it to put my hair up I'm going to use it to put my hair up I'm going to use it to put my hair up while I do my makeup today or tonight, I while I do my makeup today or tonight, I while I do my makeup today or tonight, I guess, since it's like already almost guess, since it's like already almost guess, since it's like already almost 7:00. Literally the easiest little 7:00. Literally the easiest little 7:00. Literally the easiest little makeup routine ever, so I'm just going makeup routine ever, so I'm just going makeup routine ever, so I'm just going to run you guys through it. Kosas color to run you guys through it. Kosas color to run you guys through it. Kosas color corrector. I just put it anywhere that I corrector. I just put it anywhere that I corrector. I just put it anywhere that I am having like discoloration or pimples, am having like discoloration or pimples, am having like discoloration or pimples, anything like that. I also got this in anything like that. I also got this in anything like that. I also got this in PR the other day. It's the MAC Cosmetics PR the other day. It's the MAC Cosmetics PR the other day. It's the MAC Cosmetics Pro Locked Brow Gel, and I'm really Pro Locked Brow Gel, and I'm really Pro Locked Brow Gel, and I'm really liking it, actually. I feel like my liking it, actually. I feel like my liking it, actually. I feel like my eyebrows are very stubborn and not a lot eyebrows are very stubborn and not a lot eyebrows are very stubborn and not a lot of gels can like actually hold them in of gels can like actually hold them in of gels can like actually hold them in place, so I normally just stick with my place, so I normally just stick with my place, so I normally just stick with my tried and true, but I actually do really tried and true, but I actually do really tried and true, but I actually do really like this one. Even like literally just that, I would Even like literally just that, I would Even like literally just that, I would be fine with going. Charlotte Tilbury be fine with going. Charlotte Tilbury be fine with going. Charlotte Tilbury skin tint. This is the only skin tint skin tint. This is the only skin tint skin tint. This is the only skin tint that I will ever use ever again. It just that I will ever use ever again. It just that I will ever use ever again. It just blends really nicely and just gives such blends really nicely and just gives such blends really nicely and just gives such a good glowy finish. Then I'm going in a good glowy finish. Then I'm going in a good glowy finish. Then I'm going in with a Merit complexion concealer. This with a Merit complexion concealer. This with a Merit complexion concealer. This is also foundation. Like some people use is also foundation. Like some people use is also foundation. Like some people use it as a foundation, I use it as a it as a foundation, I use it as a it as a foundation, I use it as a concealer, and it just gives like the concealer, and it just gives like the concealer, and it just gives like the prettiest prettiest prettiest coverage and finish. I also need to find coverage and finish. I also need to find coverage and finish. I also need to find a sensitive skin safe makeup brush a sensitive skin safe makeup brush a sensitive skin safe makeup brush cleaner, um because I think the one that cleaner, um because I think the one that cleaner, um because I think the one that I was using was breaking me out because I was using was breaking me out because I was using was breaking me out because I feel like I feel like I feel like right after I washed my brushes, my skin right after I washed my brushes, my skin right after I washed my brushes, my skin would get congested and just like bumpy would get congested and just like bumpy would get congested and just like bumpy and have some like extra texture more and have some like extra texture more and have some like extra texture more than it normally does. So, I threw it than it normally does. So, I threw it than it normally does. So, I threw it out and I need to find another one that out and I need to find another one that out and I need to find another one that works for sensitive skin like mine. I'm works for sensitive skin like mine. I'm works for sensitive skin like mine. I'm going to curl my eyelashes and put like going to curl my eyelashes and put like going to curl my eyelashes and put like a tiny bit of mascara on, but a tiny bit of mascara on, but a tiny bit of mascara on, but really nothing crazy. I want to keep it really nothing crazy. I want to keep it really nothing crazy. I want to keep it pretty chill tonight. And then for my pretty chill tonight. And then for my pretty chill tonight. And then for my mascara, I talk about it all the time, mascara, I talk about it all the time, mascara, I talk about it all the time, but the Too Faced Better Than Sex but the Too Faced Better Than Sex but the Too Faced Better Than Sex waterproof. I find that since my lashes waterproof. I find that since my lashes waterproof. I find that since my lashes are really long, wearing like too heavy are really long, wearing like too heavy are really long, wearing like too heavy of mascara can look a little bit too of mascara can look a little bit too of mascara can look a little bit too like like like dramatic, but I like it to just look dramatic, but I like it to just look dramatic, but I like it to just look light and natural and almost like I have light and natural and almost like I have light and natural and almost like I have like a classic set of lash extensions on like a classic set of lash extensions on like a classic set of lash extensions on rather than like spider legs, you know? rather than like spider legs, you know? rather than like spider legs, you know? Very quick, very easy and that's Very quick, very easy and that's Very quick, very easy and that's literally all the makeup that I'm going literally all the makeup that I'm going literally all the makeup that I'm going to do tonight because to do tonight because to do tonight because I'm tired and this place is like pretty I'm tired and this place is like pretty I'm tired and this place is like pretty casual. casual. casual. >> [music] >> I just made a little yogurt bowl for >> I just made a little yogurt bowl for >> I just made a little yogurt bowl for breakfast or I guess it's like 11:00 breakfast or I guess it's like 11:00 breakfast or I guess it's like 11:00 now, so I guess this is my lunch, too. now, so I guess this is my lunch, too. now, so I guess this is my lunch, too. Kind of. Literally just strawberries, Kind of. Literally just strawberries, Kind of. Literally just strawberries, yogurt, and honey. Very simple, very yogurt, and honey. Very simple, very yogurt, and honey. Very simple, very good. This morning I went to Pilates, good. This morning I went to Pilates, good. This morning I went to Pilates, and then I tried a new coffee spot. It's and then I tried a new coffee spot. It's and then I tried a new coffee spot. It's not new to the area. I had just never not new to the area. I had just never not new to the area. I had just never gone before. It was, literally not gone before. It was, literally not gone before. It was, literally not kidding, some of the best coffee I've kidding, some of the best coffee I've kidding, some of the best coffee I've ever had. So, I definitely will be going ever had. So, I definitely will be going ever had. So, I definitely will be going back there. And then, I went to Blake's back there. And then, I went to Blake's back there. And then, I went to Blake's apartment, and we went on a little walk apartment, and we went on a little walk apartment, and we went on a little walk through Colonial area, which is like a through Colonial area, which is like a through Colonial area, which is like a nice neighborhood in Fort Worth that has nice neighborhood in Fort Worth that has nice neighborhood in Fort Worth that has a really pretty golf course, and they're a really pretty golf course, and they're a really pretty golf course, and they're setting up for a PGA tournament that's setting up for a PGA tournament that's setting up for a PGA tournament that's coming on Monday. So, like, literally in coming on Monday. So, like, literally in coming on Monday. So, like, literally in a few days. So, that was fun, just like a few days. So, that was fun, just like a few days. So, that was fun, just like kind of see everything and get a good kind of see everything and get a good kind of see everything and get a good little walk in this morning. The rest of little walk in this morning. The rest of little walk in this morning. The rest of the day, I think I'm going to play by the day, I think I'm going to play by the day, I think I'm going to play by ear, because it was supposed to rain ear, because it was supposed to rain ear, because it was supposed to rain this this this weekend. Like, this whole weekend was weekend. Like, this whole weekend was weekend. Like, this whole weekend was supposed to be dumping rain. supposed to be dumping rain. supposed to be dumping rain. And it's beautiful outside. So, I may go And it's beautiful outside. So, I may go And it's beautiful outside. So, I may go sit by the pool. I need to get some work sit by the pool. I need to get some work sit by the pool. I need to get some work and some filming done, but I also do and some filming done, but I also do and some filming done, but I also do really want to go to the pool. So, I I'm really want to go to the pool. So, I I'm really want to go to the pool. So, I I'm not sure what I'm going to do yet, but not sure what I'm going to do yet, but not sure what I'm going to do yet, but yeah, it's going to be a pretty chill yeah, it's going to be a pretty chill yeah, it's going to be a pretty chill Friday. Friday. Friday. >> [music] >> Mhm.