Hi guys. Good morning. It is Monday.
It's a brand new week. I'm feeling good.
I'm feeling productive. I woke up this
morning and had the best Pilates class
that I've had in a while. It really
kicked me where it hurts. I went to
Target. I got some restocks on some
spearmint and peppermint tea. I ran out
of my peppermint one last night and I
haven't had spearmint for a little bit,
but I need to get back into that for my
skin. And then I went and got, dare I
say, the best manicure I have ever
received in my life. It feels very chic
and just like simple. It'll go with
everything. I have some apartment
updates for y'all because last week's
vlog was so chaotic with like moving and
everything and I feel like I ended it
right as things kind of started to get a
little bit more situated. So I'm just
going to kind of run you guys around the
apartment and show y'all what I've done
so far. Honorary mention for these
flowers that Blake got me yesterday
because hydrangeas and peonies are my
favorite and they are perfect. The
kitchen is pretty simple. Like I feel
like I didn't really change a whole lot
from my last kitchen to what I have now.
I did get all new utensils though from
William Sonoma. Me and my mom went while
she was in town and they are so pretty.
I'm obsessed with the little like floral
things on these, too. That's like
honestly really it for the kitchen. I
already talked about it in a TikTok that
I just filmed, but my fridge is my pride
and joy. I'm obsessed with having an
entire door for like skin care, skin
health, gut health, you get the gist. I
also, while I was at Target today, got
some restocks. I wanted to try, I've
seen these energy drinks everywhere and
I've had them in all the other flavors,
but I haven't tried the sparkling candy
twist one, so I got that. And then I got
some Poppy Shirley Temples. And then
this painting from CB2 came the other
day. They delivered it and I took it out
of the box and set it up on here. It's
going to get hung up and then I think
I'm going to do a light over it, but I
honestly haven't decided yet. Having
this like sitting on this little table
has kind of made it difficult to
decorate obviously. So the decorations
that I'm planning to put on there are
down there for now. I also don't have a
lamp in here yet, so I'm using my little
candle warmer just to kind of bring some
more light and ambiance into the living
room. And then obviously this is not
going there. I also had my olive tree in
this corner, but I really just was not
feeling it there. So I moved it into the
beauty room. This is obviously not
staying right there. Just have that
there for now.
And then I don't really know what kind
of decorations I want to do on top of
this. These were just kind of put there
as placeholders for right now just cuz I
didn't want it to feel
too boring and like there's no
personality in the room. We're going to
reorganize and kind of get it situated.
And then this room is the biggest work
in progress because these storage
cabinets I was explaining to you all the
other day how that was just like a whole
situation in itself. But I did set up my
mirror and then I put my little lamp
next to it. I need to scoot it over just
a tad. And then my vanity is messy right
now. But
this is my baby girl. Let me turn the
lights on so y'all can get like the full
effect.
Okay.
Look
at how stunning all of this is. I cannot
even believe that I have this many lip
liners first of all, but just like how
beautiful all of this is. I have all of
my powders and like setting powders. And
then I only have three eyeshadow
palettes, which
I thought I had a lot more than that,
but I guess I just never really wear
eyeshadow. I have all my blushes,
concealers, highlighters.
I think that's it. There's a lot of like
extra empty drawers and then on this
side I have like
face products and like brushes and all
of that good stuff. And then
bronzers. I also don't have a lot of
bronzer situations. I thought that I had
a lot more than that, but I guess I just
have given a lot away in giveaways and
stuff. And then in these drawers I have
skin care
serums and like this is literally all
face wash, which I don't even know how I
have amassed that many face washes, but
I have some towels. I have like
cleansers, moisturizers. All my
sunscreens from Supergoop. I have like
this little
bag that just has like a ton of cute
stuff in it that I got at one of their
events. And then some more moisturizers,
some pads and serums.
This is body care, self-tan, and then
hair care in this little corner. I'm
trying to give away and donate as much
product as I can that I don't use on
like a regular basis. This is some extra
fragrances, which I have collected so
many perfumes over the years. It's
actually kind of ridiculous, but this is
like my tools and things. This is not
supposed to be just like hanging out
right there, but I got a new self-tan
mitt last night, so I just have one of
these left and then I just have some
towels, some like scrunchies and stuff.
I have a hairbrush, some lights, and
then more like Medcube devices for my
skin care. Olive tree is in this room
for right now. I don't know where it's
going to end up as it's final resting
place, but I'm not sure if it's going to
be there or not, but this is just like
overview
of the room. But for the most part I'm
starting to feel a lot more at home. I
feel like the first few days that I was
here I just didn't feel like my space
yet, I guess. It kind of felt like I was
at like a
Airbnb or like a hotel almost. Like I
was just like this isn't this isn't
where I live yet, but yesterday I was
out running some errands and the day
before yesterday and both times I was
like so excited to come home. I'm loving
it so far. I just am ready for it to be
like all done and I don't have the
patience for that. I'm going to Dallas
on Wednesday to get my hair extensions
moved up and I'm going to run a couple
errands just like some furniture stores
in the area and see if I can find
anything. I need like pillows and
blankets for the couch. I need a lamp in
here. Potentially a little chair in the
beauty room my mirror in the beauty
room. It's just kind of like a blank
wall and I want to put something right
there so like in the back of all my
mirror pictures and just like for some
extra comfort in the room. Just have
like a little fluffy chair or something.
Okay, hi guys. It is now Wednesday
afternoon. Late morning, early
afternoon. It's like noon right now. I
just got home from a hair appointment
and I went to a couple stores in Dallas
to try and find some stuff for the
apartment. I was going to bring my
camera this morning. I got down to my
car to leave, forgot my camera, came
back up
brought it down to the car
forgot that there wasn't a battery in it
cuz it was plugged in on my little shelf
over here. Came back up to get the
battery, realized that the charger was
not plugged in. So it was like that's
God's way of saying don't worry about
vlogging, go do your thing. With that
being said, I'm now back home. I didn't
find anything, but I did find a blanket
and some pillows as a CB2 for the couch.
I actually saw these whenever I went in
to get my painting that came that I
showed you guys earlier in this video
and I have not been able to stop
thinking about them. So I was like that
is my sign to go back and get them.
Right now I have a sweet potato that I'm
about to put in the oven. I'm going to
do like a little sweet potato ground
beef bowl for lunch open some packages,
assemble the couch, and then keep
unpacking because honestly there's still
some boxes and things that are driving
me insane in my bathroom and in my
closets. But yeah, that is the update
for today. Nothing crazy happened
yesterday.
I got some computer work stuff done and
it was dumping rain, like dumping and
hail and lightning and thunder. It was
terrible. So, yesterday was a pretty
gloomy, boring, lazy day.
Not lazy, but you know what I mean. I'm
actually going to assemble the couch,
make my lunch, and then I'll do a little
PR haul for you guys because I'm pretty
sure I have some things in there that I
bought as well. So, that'll be a fun
little haul. Yeah, I will talk to you
guys in just a little bit.
Okay, let's do a little
PR. It is so cold in my apartment. Also,
I think I fixed the lighting on my
camera. I basically had to like reset
the whole thing. I don't know if you
guys have noticed, but the lighting in
my last video and then also in like the
clips in this video has been
so out of whack. So, I really wanted to
fix that today. That was on my to-do
list.
The first package is from NYX. N Y X. I
actually don't know if it's NYX or NYX.
Oh my god. They released their fat oils,
which are like some of my favorite lip
oils ever, but they came out with body
oils, I think. I'm confused. Oh, body
butter.
Yum. Wait, no. It's body mist, body
butter. Oh yeah, and little body oils.
Wait, that's adorable. Next is from
Makeup by Mario. I picked this up from
my other apartment earlier. Oh, cream
eyeshadows. Wait, love. I have had my
eye on this eyeshadow palette. This is
the neutrals one, I think. Yes.
Because it's just perfect. Like it's not
shimmery, it's just good core colors,
and I have wanted this for so long.
Ooh! This next one is from Valentino
Beauty. Absolutely stunning little box
we have going on here. Four of their
hair and body mist, vanilla bliss,
caramel crush, salty pistachio, and
golden coconut. That literally sounds
like me in a perfume. Thank you,
Valentino. Okay, this next one is
confidential, but I can talk about it
starting tomorrow. But, by the time this
video is up, the products will be out
for I don't know if they'll be out, but
it won't be confidential anymore.
Please, do not post until 5:21. But,
y'all are going to get my raw reaction,
too,
whatever is in this box.
Oh my god.
Um okay, stunning makeup bag. It's like
a cream blush color. In the bag, they
put restocks. So, they sent me the
just enough blush and the she's that
girl blush, but I don't know what is
under this.
Revolution of blush. Is this a coffee
table book? A Patrick Ta coffee table
book would actually be iconic. There is
a liquid transition brightening blush
with the blush brush, which is my
favorite blush brush of all time. And
then, powders, as well. This is my
color, shy at first. This is stunning.
This is the current body hair helmet. I
am so excited to try this. I love
anything red light. Obviously, you guys
know this, but like the hair helmets are
insane. That just seems like so like
far-fetched to me, but I'm so excited to
like actually have one and use it and
try it. So, we'll keep you guys updated
on my red light scalp journey. Okay, and
then the last package is something that
I bought, which are a couple new workout
tops from CSB, which I actually got more
than what is in this package. So, I
don't know if it's coming in another
shipment or like
what the deal is, but
there's more in the mail. First thing I
got is this like cropped
long-sleeve situation. I'm honestly
probably going to wear that tomorrow.
And then I have seen this tank top
everywhere, and I love just like the
shape of it and the black
halter. And it's just a good like basic
workout tank for me to have. And then I
also got a few more things to Not sure
where those are. I need to check on
that. But that is my haul for the
afternoon. I'm going to clean up all of
this, obviously, cuz it's kind of a mess
now. I'm going to clean up all of this,
and then I had lunch like literally an
hour ago, so I don't even know if I'm
going to be like hungry for dinner or if
I'm just going to have like something
small later. I don't know yet, but I
will keep you guys updated. I think me
and Blake are going to watch the end of
Perfect Match tonight or just like start
the second half of the episodes that
just came out today. And honestly like
just chill. Nothing crazy. But I will
keep you guys updated if anything
changes. Okay, hi girls. It's now
Thursday. I have been so bad at vlogging
this week. I'm so sorry. I'm so like
trying to get settled in everything in
this apartment, and I think that that is
like really taking a toll on like my
memory. Anyways, I just got home from a
workout class. I never like bring my
camera to Pilates or like a workout or
something just cuz I feel like it's so
awkward and like there's other people in
there, and I don't want to record them
working out, too. I don't know. I
wouldn't want someone to record me, so
like I don't like to do that. My
apartment is a mess. I don't know how
[laughter] it got this messy already,
but it did. And this beauty room is a
disaster. Okay? It's like there's boxes
everywhere. It's still not unpacked. My
closet in there is a whole mess in
itself. So, that's the objective for
today is get this straightened up at
least empty out the boxes and put things
away. So, that is where I will be for
the next few hours. I have some calls at
12:30. It's 10:30 right now. I already
said that, but for the next like two-ish
hours I'm going to work on this room and
then I'm going to jump on some calls and
do some work this afternoon, but I will
keep you guys updated if anything
changes actually this time.
Okay, it is now like closer to 1:00 p.m.
My calls got canceled. So, I went and
picked up some Sweetgreen. I'm going to
have some lunch and watch my show. I've
been watching The Better Sister on
Amazon Prime and I think I have like
half an episode left. So, I'm going to
finish that while I eat my fish taco
bowl from Sweetgreen.
And
yeah, just hang out
until I finish eating and then I finish
my show.
My apartment is freezing. I don't know
if I already said this today or not, but
I just want to sit on the couch and like
bundle up. It's also so gloomy outside.
So, it's supposed to be like this and
then be thunderstorming for the next
like week. This is where I will be.
Okay, it has been a few hours. I did so
much organizing. I'm like so close to
being done. I think I have one box left.
Everything else is like finished, which
is like best thing I could have asked
for today. I did my whole dresser, so
organized all of that and then all of
the boxes and like clothes boxes of
clothes that were in the beauty room are
all hung up and put away now, which is
such a relief cuz it was stressing me
out. There was like literally no room to
walk in this room. This is my first time
sitting here talking to you guys. This
is the new setup. My phone for like Tik
Toks and stuff obviously will not be
here, but my camera is like
set [snorts] up on a little canister
that has Q-tips in it for whenever I
take off my mascara and my vanity.
Anyways, welcome to the beauty room. I'm
going to do some very casual light
makeup tonight because me and Blake are
about to go to dinner. We're going to
one of my favorite Thai spots in Fort
Worth. I love Asian food more than
anything in the world. I got this little
clip in PR the other day. I think it's
from Velvet Caviar.
I'm going to use it to put my hair up
while I do my makeup today or tonight, I
guess, since it's like already almost
7:00. Literally the easiest little
makeup routine ever, so I'm just going
to run you guys through it. Kosas color
corrector. I just put it anywhere that I
am having like discoloration or pimples,
anything like that. I also got this in
PR the other day. It's the MAC Cosmetics
Pro Locked Brow Gel, and I'm really
liking it, actually. I feel like my
eyebrows are very stubborn and not a lot
of gels can like actually hold them in
place, so I normally just stick with my
tried and true, but I actually do really
like this one.
Even like literally just that, I would
be fine with going. Charlotte Tilbury
skin tint. This is the only skin tint
that I will ever use ever again. It just
blends really nicely and just gives such
a good glowy finish. Then I'm going in
with a Merit complexion concealer. This
is also foundation. Like some people use
it as a foundation, I use it as a
concealer, and it just gives like the
prettiest
coverage and finish. I also need to find
a sensitive skin safe makeup brush
cleaner, um because I think the one that
I was using was breaking me out because
I feel like
right after I washed my brushes, my skin
would get congested and just like bumpy
and have some like extra texture more
than it normally does. So, I threw it
out and I need to find another one that
works for sensitive skin like mine. I'm
going to curl my eyelashes and put like
a tiny bit of mascara on, but
really nothing crazy. I want to keep it
pretty chill tonight. And then for my
mascara, I talk about it all the time,
but the Too Faced Better Than Sex
waterproof. I find that since my lashes
are really long, wearing like too heavy
of mascara can look a little bit too
like
dramatic, but I like it to just look
light and natural and almost like I have
like a classic set of lash extensions on
rather than like spider legs, you know?
Very quick, very easy and that's
literally all the makeup that I'm going
to do tonight because
I'm tired and this place is like pretty
casual.
I just made a little yogurt bowl for
breakfast or I guess it's like 11:00
now, so I guess this is my lunch, too.
Kind of. Literally just strawberries,
yogurt, and honey. Very simple, very
good. This morning I went to Pilates,
and then I tried a new coffee spot. It's
not new to the area. I had just never
gone before. It was, literally not
kidding, some of the best coffee I've
ever had. So, I definitely will be going
back there. And then, I went to Blake's
apartment, and we went on a little walk
through Colonial area, which is like a
nice neighborhood in Fort Worth that has
a really pretty golf course, and they're
setting up for a PGA tournament that's
coming on Monday. So, like, literally in
a few days. So, that was fun, just like
kind of see everything and get a good
little walk in this morning. The rest of
the day, I think I'm going to play by
ear, because it was supposed to rain
this
weekend. Like, this whole weekend was
supposed to be dumping rain.
And it's beautiful outside. So, I may go
sit by the pool. I need to get some work
and some filming done, but I also do
really want to go to the pool. So, I I'm
not sure what I'm going to do yet, but
yeah, it's going to be a pretty chill
Friday.
Mhm.
