Everyone makes kites and tasty food on Teej.  Have Everyone makes kites and tasty food on Teej.  Have Everyone makes kites and tasty food on Teej.  Have you ever sown gram in your name on Teej you ever sown gram in your name on Teej you ever sown gram in your name on Teej ?  After flying kites for a long time in the morning, ?  After flying kites for a long time in the morning, ?  After flying kites for a long time in the morning, I told him, I have I told him, I have I told him, I have flown enough kites.  Now come on, feed me something tasty too.  I was flown enough kites.  Now come on, feed me something tasty too.  I was flown enough kites.  Now come on, feed me something tasty too.  I was just late in speaking.  He just late in speaking.  He just late in speaking.  He brought pizza and sandwiches for us.  And brought pizza and sandwiches for us.  And brought pizza and sandwiches for us.  And brother became very happy as soon as he saw the pizza. brother became very happy as soon as he saw the pizza. brother became very happy as soon as he saw the pizza. Then we sat together and enjoyed pizza. Then we sat together and enjoyed pizza. Then we sat together and enjoyed pizza. After this I got After this I got After this I got ready by wearing a beautiful lehenga.  Here mother was also ready by wearing a beautiful lehenga.  Here mother was also ready by wearing a beautiful lehenga.  Here mother was also ready with soaked gram.  Meanwhile ready with soaked gram.  Meanwhile ready with soaked gram.  Meanwhile Tai ji also arrived.  First of all I Tai ji also arrived.  First of all I Tai ji also arrived.  First of all I took everyone's blessings and then we set out to took everyone's blessings and then we set out to took everyone's blessings and then we set out to sow gram in our respective names.  On the way sow gram in our respective names.  On the way sow gram in our respective names.  On the way we also met a mother and I we also met a mother and I we also met a mother and I took her blessings too.  Then we reached the place where gram was being sown, took her blessings too.  Then we reached the place where gram was being sown, took her blessings too.  Then we reached the place where gram was being sown, here everyone here everyone here everyone sowed gram in their name one by one and sowed gram in their name one by one and sowed gram in their name one by one and after sowing the gram, they shook them and pressed them well into the soil. after sowing the gram, they shook them and pressed them well into the soil. after sowing the gram, they shook them and pressed them well into the soil. By the way, how many of you By the way, how many of you By the way, how many of you know about this ritual of Teej? know about this ritual of Teej? know about this ritual of Teej? Please do let us know by commenting.  After this we Please do let us know by commenting.  After this we Please do let us know by commenting.  After this we exchanged our grams with each other and exchanged our grams with each other and exchanged our grams with each other and celebrated like this with laughter.  We celebrated like this with laughter.  We celebrated like this with laughter.  We celebrated our festival of memories.