At the age of becoming a mother of small children, At the age of becoming a mother of small children, At the age of becoming a mother of small children, I myself am becoming a little girl. I myself am becoming a little girl. I myself am becoming a little girl. And my sister started using this product again and again. And my sister started using this product again and again. And my sister started using this product again and again. Wow!  Now sister is coming to our house for the first time with her daughter. Wow!  Now sister is coming to our house for the first time with her daughter. Wow!  Now sister is coming to our house for the first time with her daughter. So I So I So I bought this cute dress for her from the market yesterday bought this cute dress for her from the market yesterday bought this cute dress for her from the market yesterday which also has a cute cap and purse. which also has a cute cap and purse. which also has a cute cap and purse. But mom is saying that you forgot to bring the plate, bowl and But mom is saying that you forgot to bring the plate, bowl and But mom is saying that you forgot to bring the plate, bowl and spoon.  So we spoon.  So we spoon.  So we quickly took out the car and came first to quickly took out the car and came first to quickly took out the car and came first to pick up Mota Bhai.  And as soon as he came, Maharaj ji said that it is pick up Mota Bhai.  And as soon as he came, Maharaj ji said that it is pick up Mota Bhai.  And as soon as he came, Maharaj ji said that it is shining very brightly today.  What is the secret? shining very brightly today.  What is the secret? shining very brightly today.  What is the secret? Hey, Raj is Raj.  My aunt's daughter is Hey, Raj is Raj.  My aunt's daughter is Hey, Raj is Raj.  My aunt's daughter is coming to our house for the first time with her daughter. coming to our house for the first time with her daughter. coming to our house for the first time with her daughter. And second, this instant glow And second, this instant glow And second, this instant glow comes from this Dum Dog purple sunscreen.  Its purple comes from this Dum Dog purple sunscreen.  Its purple comes from this Dum Dog purple sunscreen.  Its purple tint neutralizes Indian skin tone and tint neutralizes Indian skin tone and tint neutralizes Indian skin tone and creates an even tone.  And with SPF 50 creates an even tone.  And with SPF 50 creates an even tone.  And with SPF 50 protection, it contains 4% new Cinnamide that will protection, it contains 4% new Cinnamide that will protection, it contains 4% new Cinnamide that will remove blemishes and brighten skin. remove blemishes and brighten skin. remove blemishes and brighten skin. Moreover, it is non-greasy and lightweight.  And Moreover, it is non-greasy and lightweight.  And Moreover, it is non-greasy and lightweight.  And brother, I brother, I brother, I also apply this Dum Dog 2% Kojic Acid Night Cream every night before sleeping, also apply this Dum Dog 2% Kojic Acid Night Cream every night before sleeping, also apply this Dum Dog 2% Kojic Acid Night Cream every night before sleeping, which removes all the pigmentation dark spots and which removes all the pigmentation dark spots and which removes all the pigmentation dark spots and repairs the skin. repairs the skin. repairs the skin. Because it contains kojic acid, new cinnamides, Because it contains kojic acid, new cinnamides, Because it contains kojic acid, new cinnamides, alpha and butene.  Now brother, do you understand alpha and butene.  Now brother, do you understand alpha and butene.  Now brother, do you understand why I am telling you all this in detail why I am telling you all this in detail why I am telling you all this in detail ?  Because this is the gift I want ?  Because this is the gift I want ?  Because this is the gift I want on Rakshabandhan.  If you also want Derm's Purple on Rakshabandhan.  If you also want Derm's Purple on Rakshabandhan.  If you also want Derm's Purple Sunscreen and 2% Kojic Acid Night Cream, Sunscreen and 2% Kojic Acid Night Cream, Sunscreen and 2% Kojic Acid Night Cream, I'll tag along.  Order from perp.com. I'll tag along.  Order from perp.com. I'll tag along.  Order from perp.com. Now when I reached the market, I came to know that the Now when I reached the market, I came to know that the Now when I reached the market, I came to know that the market was closed today.  So we market was closed today.  So we market was closed today.  So we bought some snacks and after reaching home, bought some snacks and after reaching home, bought some snacks and after reaching home, welcomed sister with cold drinks and snacks. welcomed sister with cold drinks and snacks. welcomed sister with cold drinks and snacks. Also got a photo taken of the fourth generation in one frame. Also got a photo taken of the fourth generation in one frame. Also got a photo taken of the fourth generation in one frame. Gave a gift to Babu. Gave a gift to Babu. Gave a gift to Babu. Today the owner of the property and my aunt also started Today the owner of the property and my aunt also started Today the owner of the property and my aunt also started taking photographs and made me the photographer, taking photographs and made me the photographer, taking photographs and made me the photographer, Radhe-Radhe.