Now you sit down, I have come carrying a dog, you have come carrying that abra cauldron,
abra cauldron, ha [laughter] Then the
wise man comes to the other side, who will bring the abra?
Whose abra will he bring? Oh, my God, you took a
tractor and went to the middle and became a
diesel, oh, it is a
good man's tool, if it becomes a diesel, it will last
forever, oh, what is the
abra, good man, oh, what is the abra in
that, oh, is there a little abra to go, oh, go abra, oh,
Bhupatji,
yes, was that the same
thing?
Yes, this was it
.
Final final
I heard from my friend another time you are the one who is here
but the quarrel was good
then what do you want that good
man you should not eat diesel or there will be a quarrel between us two uncle
or diesel like a chick are you going to
quarrel between the two of you
I have just gone out to kill the auto I will see you in your field in the pot
now if he goes
I will
go someone new I am shocked
Hey this [screaming]
Langa is in pain what is the matter
Bhupatji hey [screaming]
what is the matter
nothing is there in the matter there is a tractor in the matter if it is a tractor then the
tractor is
not visible
otherwise the tractor is lying down it is lying down
your tractor is
not working for a minute then today it has fallen down
I do not see it so much
hey Khegaji Melin has come to you and told you
that diesel is being sold, so Bhupatji, if you do
n't talk to me, I won't
add any more, now we won't add any more
Haribhai Hachu, if we talk to you, you
won't support us, you wo
n't support us,
so no, no, you won't support us, so what do you
want, you
won't stand in your support for this chaya dal, that's your
[shouting] If there is an opportunity at home, to divert water in the field, then I will sow, if there is a need to weave cotton, then
I will sow, if there is a need to weave it, then I will sow, whatever your
race is, I will come and stand
and who are you, what are you going to support, hey
hey [shouting]
Ha ha hachu, now there is no one to help
us, two brothers have been killed, one of them is happy, hey
Haribhai, hey,
I'm not happy, my friend
[laughter] Don't be
happy, take it
away,
I know the enemy has agreed,
what kind of a fight have you brought,
brother, our two brothers are in trouble, no
one is going to support us,
we will have to fight ourselves,
brother, you have brought a band of hockey, what are
you going to do, you have the strength to fight, you know, if you want to have
power in the village,
your village [shouting], two
brothers don't let anyone speak, and Khegaji,
you even ate me, but this man
[shouting], that's why you made a fuss, you
threw my excrement, no
one in the whole village will mention the name of this man, whether he died
or was killed, he lived like that, he has
two heads, listen to
my words,
you are sitting, it's good that
such a man is sitting
and what We have the strength to fight or to
fight, but today we have no unity among us. Let me tell
you the truth. This cow is full of you. If
we say so, we have killed it for our own sake.
And such a man is taking revenge on us.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, the
whole cow is ready to destroy us.
Now, Alia [shouting] No one is ready. Now,
you are thinking about all this. Now, listen to me. Now, the one
who was killed is not from this cow. Alia belongs to
twelve cows. And from twelve cows, they have
killed your brothers. Alia, the barbarian cow killed you. If you killed him, then even if he
killed you, this
tractor has overtaken me.
And I said, I know that no one in your cow has the strength.
This bank is talking to you.
Alia, how are you or your brother alive? He has already
died. I
said, you did
not tell him. I
know what he did to me.
If there is any manure in your cow,
bring it to me. Or do you have to fill the manure in our house? You know that
Arbhai, I didn't get a chance. Don't swear on my neck. I didn't get a
chance.
So you tricked me and killed me.
Now, oh, oh, I'll kill you. Brother, I was sitting on the tractor. And now, I'm like this. And
finally, one question. What have you done to me? Really,
no
He is alone [screaming]
I came alone
and you have tricked and killed this Hariya, don't trick me,
Homi Saadi [screaming] It's time, come on,
we are coming, you are not my people, don't
worry, I came running and brought you to
your house and why did your tractor fall,
yes, he got on the
tractor and brought it to me,
yes [screaming]
That's it, Hari, our cow has a big head, he is
defeated, if there is a man like you sitting, our
cow has to worry, good
man and if a man gets hurt in the field, then take him out of the
field and
kill him, Hari, I said, you said, there is
a man in our cow and his name is Kaatre
And if his son Hari finds out, then tell him to kill you in
this field, tell him to kill him, tell him to kill the
cow [screaming] I
said to the square, you have taken the land, come on Hey
land [screaming] Baba has come
now, let's go and
see the talk,
this loser will be back in just 25 minutes,
yes,
tractor, bring Bodhi, Bodhi,
yes, learn, learn from them, you are good people, you only
talk big in the field, the
rest of those things are wrong, there are
no two of you, good people, you have removed my abar, you are
my brother, that's why
I am a child, you have come to make an idol, you have come to make an idol, so you can
remove the abar, you
see, oh,
Khegarji's tractor, what a
loser, do you think, my push will be so much, oh,
Khegarji, Khegarji,
yes [screaming]
Khegarji, where is
Khegarji, he has not gone, he has not gone, the
house, then
who are you,
I am Khegarji's father, why are you
talking like this? Who are you?
I am also a heavy-headed person. What was the matter?
Khegarji has hired a driver and he has hired
me as a driver, but I beat him
and threw him around. [Laughter] What does
Cham mean?
Killed and the tractor fell.
So, elder, what kind of person do you want me to be?
What do I mean?
You have come to me,
I am his cowherd, and I have to
till the field, so how can I get a tractor,
Khegaji?
This is the tractor. I got the tractor because I got it,
so it's yours, it's
not mine,
what are you doing, you idiot, you're talking
nonsense
[screaming] Hey, you
raised your hand on me, hey, you
raised your hand on me, you're a fool, my words are about
someone's strength, even if I'm a banker, you
raised your hand on me, or else
Hey,
who are you, old man? You used to
come to this land, now
I've come to that land and I'm sowing. Okay? Hey?
What is it that I am saying? Now say, "
Hey, no
one, Ali." [Screaming]
Ali, I am telling you, "Hey, no
one, my friend,
how did the tractor's empty head come?" I don't know,
but my words must have reached you. I fooled
your cowherd, I shook my head, what is it really?
You killed Khegarji,
I killed Khegarji and
I killed Khegarji's brother, you are a big head,
you killed the big head,
yes, I fooled him, you killed Favorite, you are naked, you are going to kill me,
how did I come, old man, what is the matter, what is Khegarji's, yes, I have
taken the tractor, naked, and
I am going to go
straight to the high place, or will you come to take my tractor, even if you have
taken it today, but if I have to take revenge, who do
I want to take
revenge with?
Hey,
Hariji,
someone has looked down on me, someone has
turned his head, now you have looked down on me
.
Someone's hand may be raised on this occasion, Hariji,
someone's hand may be raised on you by the power of your hand
. So
today, someone has attacked me.
What is it, my father, my brother, is coming to eat
my food? Today,
he is killing me,
but Haribhai, I will take revenge and whatever you do, it is
fine. But who killed you,
Hariji,
I don't know him, but he is sitting in Chenji's field
and sitting on Khegarji's tractor
and he didn't kill me alone.
Hariji, you don't
need to tell me anything. I have told you
all the stories. He has killed Khegar and
Bhuba.
Oh, yes, yes. [Screaming]. If I joined the Ghegar and became a
Bhuda, now I have seen the whole story
and I am a Chogar.
Now, I am going to take this Ghegar's tractor
and I am going to take revenge with that Doha.
[Screaming]. Don't let anyone turn away from you. You are just doing
dirty work in the Ghegar. You have to eat the leftovers in the Ghegar.
Haribhai, this raghaya has beaten someone in life,
today he has beaten me, yesterday he has beaten
me [screaming] I have beaten him once, he has beaten me, he has beaten me, no one can turn away from you, he has not beaten me, he is like a
light
dog, what is the use of it? I know now
you are like a piece of paper, he has beaten me
till today, this hari has
not beaten me four times, but today you have come to
eat me, I have brought your clothes, you just stand up, this hari will bring the hay in five minutes, this tractor of Khegaria will come with the hay, yes Haribhai, Haribhai, stand up, are you alone, if there are two of us, he will beat him now [screaming]
I don't need your support, I have
faith in myself and my strength,
Raghu, it is like that, go and get the
hay,
then beat him,
yes I'll throw the vegetables
[laughter] May
your health be good,
you have eaten me with your mouth, chewing my cheeks. There is no
stain in my skin, no stain in my hide, no
stain in my body, you have become a potter with such a mouth
.
Yes, take it.
Take your hands off the tractor.
Not your father's tractor.
Oh, it's not your [screaming] voice.
Power.
My home [screams] power. Who am I? Do you
recognize me, Lya?
Keep the power on. What else did
God bring you to do by combing your hair?
You are
carrying death in your fist. I am
carrying you in my fist. Why are you
older than me? I have been
following the limit for a long time. This limit is not too high. People
like you go
back to the place from which you came. There are
so many.
That's why I am telling you that if
you feel dirty almost immediately, many of your cows have been made to play
Garba before Navratri and you don't want to play.
So why don't you come to our cows
and kill them?
Now, you
run around and beat them. Don't let
everyone be happy. Don't let them be happy. That's why
I am telling you that 17
cows must have gone to Hashanah before you, but in this 20th year, It's getting heavy,
you are bullying some people and killing some people. There is a
difference between me and this one. Go ahead, I will still beat you up. Go ahead, you have come to beat
this banker.
You don't have my experience that I won't take your life. Hey, you are a banker. If you are a banker, then there are banks in
your house and in your village. In
our village, there are banks in every house. Out of that,
you should
consider the banks as fools. Now, do you want to play the rasa dodiya or the
inch or should I play the desi?
You have made me play. [Laughter].
You have made me play.
Yes, I have made you play. And if everything is fine, then why don't you get out of the
show?
[Screaming] It's not
that much. But now, when will you get
up from your charms and come? His
father, his father, his father, his father, will come and hold your hands.
[Screaming] If
you want to see this, come to the
field. Head,
this trick is no longer needed to come to the field.
For you, come to the field. Oh, the trick is not needed. You are the one who is going to die.
[Screaming] I am going to die.
Now, if you are going to die, come on, oh, oh, you are going to die. If you are going to die, give me a
little power. You are black.
One minute. [Screaming] I will give you power. One minute. Lower your voice. Lower your
voice. [
Screaming] I will
talk quietly. Say, say, hey,
this is just the nose of a tractor, hey, I have the
strength to cut off your nose, if the
elder has to [scream],
I will talk,
hey, I will talk, if you sit down, if you sit down,
sit down, for
a minute,
I will
talk with love, that in the past, elders like you used to have a gap
between two houses, if
you sit down
One thing about this is that if someone
sees a head in
this field, no
Now I wonder if there is any fun in watching all that,
you go your way and I go my
way,
that is, in any way like that,
and I will not let it happen in any way like that.
Come on, let's have fun [screaming] [screaming] Now your people have
come instead of the changeling, and they have turned me around and beaten me up.
Yes,
[laughter] What a joy, what
Oh,
hey, if you have a
son, just beat him up with a stick
. I didn't do it for a long time
Now the whole community will come [screaming] But I
'm with the tractor
[screaming] I'm eating, I'm eating, I'm eating, I'm
not going to let anyone do this
[gasps] Oh my God, my
man is my friend, that time, when I was a child, I was a horse, If I do
n't get it, then I'll have to go.
Now I've come to see you. I'm going to go and give you a break. I'm going to go
now. You've made me mad. You're stopping me. You're not going to look back. You're throwing the picture. But you've forgotten me. So, who am I? I've come with two guns. Now, my
head is heavy. Come on, Haribhai Aryo, I've been thinking a lot. I've seen a
picture of a ghetto. I've taken the nose of a tractor
and given it to you. I've talked to you.
Hey, brother, don't talk to me anymore. Now, do
n't think about it. Let's go with Khegaji and
Bhupatji. We all get together and
decide. We'll have to make a way.
Raju has attacked everyone,
but I'll do it. Come on, even the sixteen Aryos get
together and make a way.
I'm not like a dog. It's a joke, it's
not even a joke, my friend, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke
[Music] Is
someone dead? Why are you
sitting like this?
Hey, your father, you can't even speak to me. You're always
talking, you're always standing up. But
what if you're sitting like this? Bhupatji is really a big boss in our village, so
you two brothers, and today I have brought you something,
so you have to do
my dirty work. The men from Alya Bharbhara
village came and
raised their hands on the men from our village. Let's go,
Salya [shouting], you have brought a bottle
and you will have to do this work. A man has
come to Chenji's farm after a quarrel and I have lifted the heavy load and come and he has come and
my wife has left me, she has left you,
now take everything with me,
that brother, listen to me, we don't like to quarrel,
we are business people, hey, we won't fight like you, okay,
we didn't talk about fighting, if there is a police case, then I am sitting in a mess, you have left us, don't let anything happen, we will not leave [
shout] nor fight, pull
Raghubhai, where did you come from? [Laughs]
Haribhai,
[Screams] I did
n't have time to do it. I
saw the tiger and came back with a smile. Go on,
what kind of a
ghadar pichar is this? You know, Devlu,
now he broke that pump, so
now I went alone, then
we two people, then we played a dialogue,
okay, then I came back a little late, okay,
and his father said, "Homu," his
father said, "Homu," he said, "Hum, I took his hand and washed it." And the nose of the tractor came, and he held it, "No, no, no, no," "Oh, oh
You beat me, beat me, another one is
still silent,
he is standing, Raghu [screams] Come on Raghubhai, don't
beat me, you beat me with a hammer, Raghu, don't beat me, you are killing me, my
uncle, swearing, you are coming to get your money,
your life is full of dust, yes,
everyone in the whole village is scared [screams]
Fools,
such and such people have beaten me,
I used to beat you, so I stood there and
watched, but even then, I didn't come to support you, did you come?
[laughs] Doho doho, he came with empty talk,
he saw Doho and ran away, that's why you said, "Mykangli, die,
die," so you said, "
Mykangli, who brought me?"
Or "Makangli," you said, "You
all came to kill me, you have come out with folded
hands,
now, oh, Hari, Hari, one more thing from you."
I didn't say anything, I didn't say anything in a loud voice, if I went to
say something in a loud voice and he saw
me straight away, his head started spinning, then I stopped him, oh, oh,
you didn't want to take the bottle,
now take it, there are so many people standing there and
everyone is eating
me, this is a good thing, so please do
n't keep your height high, everyone is bowing down
.
The matter is Hachi. Now you all have listened to me
. Now talking about the Nechava, then he said, "
Hey Hariji, if you are like me, you can beat me,
but this Bhupatji had a lot of fame in the village,
but the boy doesn't take the name, and you have beaten him, he has brought me
so much fame, don't lose it,
keep it quiet, he has kicked everyone out, okay, listen to me, I am
talking well, is there no
one to turn away from us now, okay, there is
still one bank left in our village, okay, that is the
bank itself, there is a
bank in our village that no one comes to, and the bank will kill them 100
percent, come on, Babuji,
you are his bank, okay, okay, okay
[shouting], that's the next one,
really, some guy is coming to our community, okay, he
is a big man,
but what can we do, Oykan is not here for a
week and has gone to Hahari. He is sitting. The people never
come on time, no one comes,
no one comes, it takes a long time,
then no one can do anything for us, everything is done,
we have to do it,
we have to think about it, we have to
bring back the one whose aura is lost, once the
hachu,
yes, the chokan, came and
lost the aura, there is no need to
worry, Mafujin became home, then
Mafuji, how are you, the
arrival of the cow, go, where are you going,
what were you doing, come here, you are
late, let's talk,
keep the tractor quiet, your tractor is slow, that's all
[laughter] I didn't burst, the voice was pushed, the time is not like that, don't say that, don't
say that, man,
this is
your [screaming] I had to eat because of the tractor,
maybe because of the
tractor, it's about the
fumathai,
what did the fumathai do, besides the fumathai has
killed everyone
Give me something straight, my friend, I
know everything about what kind of a person he is, but I don't know everything, do
n't worry about my words, if you
raise your hand against me and my mouth gets irritated, then you will
turn to me, who is a fool but is like a snake
. Even though I've been struggling a lot, I know I shouldn't get involved in
this matter,
Mafuji, we've felt like we're in trouble.
We went to eat late at night, but
we don't know who will come and tell us.
Smoke is coming from where, Uncle Shodha, what to
do? [Screaming] If there is another
road, I have run away, but I have run away,
but you have gone to run away,
what to do?
Mafuji, I did not go for my own selfishness,
I went to protect my brothers, so
you know the story of Oi. How did I
come to this story? You should know
now Mafuji, I will tell you the whole story.
I was carrying a tractor and was in the change room
.
And the dog landed horizontally. My
heart skipped a beat
and the tractor hit me.
Then when I came home, I was like, "
Oh, I'm going to die
I came to Oyakan and talked to Bhupatji and said, "
Haha,
Bhupatji has grown up and taken off, but I
came back after getting beaten up by Oya." The
two of us stood talking and Ariji came and went and
Hariji left to get the tractor.
So Haribhai took care of the house of Hadkat.
Yes,
Haribhai went to get the tractor. So Hariji hit me, hit me, hit me, how did
this owner of the tractor go? This owner is beating me. All these people are beating me. He is
not going to survive. He has beaten me very badly. Everyone swore at him.
So Mabhujji, you have got your word. We have got a little bit of a
And you
caught me from the waist
oh [screaming]
So you caught me from the waist
yes you caught me keep
calm
but that's not what you control
you control a lot you are talking about me
that I would have become like that and I had
expected if I had taken the oath of mother ji and her and
Ahi's hands in her lap there were points like that I
also said to me no problem age is suitable and
I have done so
but I don't know so many Hajj that's a big
deal so have
you all made a mistake then
you were supposed to be with me
you didn't go one by one you
went one by one and in that you got beaten and beaten up so what to do
now
what to do now talk about
me now you have done Hajj
no Keta or I will kill him
yes
I didn't get into so many things but now I have to get into it
so you have to unite for that
. We will have to go as one, everyone, listen to
my words. I will tell you briefly. If you go
slowly, you will go away.
These two have become four. [Music]
Okay,
these two have become four.
Now show Bhaji. Show me.
You are the one. [Snores] Bhaji, who is
Bhaji? Let me talk about you.
Yes,
what is this? Come on, these people with
power, the one who wants to drink the booze, you have to
drink the booze. Do
n't understand what kind of gardener I want. I
want you to come together for the power of this unity.
And now, this
Doha is not going to go away.
Bring a bridge to the bridge. Has this idea not crossed your mind? Has it crossed
your mind? Hey,
Bapuji, you have talked about unity, so
I want to talk about something else.
I said, "Come, tell me all the promises, tell me your back, uncle."
Yes,
you, Mafuji, how are our people? I
know that when one person falls, others beat him up.
Come, listen to
my words. The promise of a
man who tells his back will be broken. Cut and paste the
promise. The
oath is true. Brother, I have taken that promise. Take it. Take it. Let
me take my uncle's oath. I will show you the
box. I will show you the oath. Take my
uncle's oath. Our sister has come.
Yes, we have come together. Your tongue is
not ours. Come, you see. Take the
oath. Kill my
uncle's oath. Just do it. Do
n't do it. My jaw is dead.
If you raise your head and blow your [ __ ],
my words will hurt that [ __ ] even more. No, no,
mother,
if we bring Oykan,
now we don't get stuck, bring him with me,
so I can call the channel and
call the channel, then find a way, now your talk is over, come, come,
what's
my talk, listen to me,
we'll take the elephant straight away, hachu,
I've got an idea, listen to you,
Haribhai, you should go to the field alone, okay,
my talk is listen, you should go to the
field alone, go to the field and
stand in the middle of the field and if
you have the strength, come, come, you have to challenge him, he will
come to fight,
and then you have to beat him,
hachu, [laughter] okay,
what's my talk, you idiot,
you have to run, beat him,
and on the way, we will arrange ourselves at different places,
everyone is like a
lion,
yes, yes, the lion goes out to hunt, so he goes out
with a plan,
and the people are going to be killed by him, I do
n't want to run, so I don't
want to cry, but I don't want to come empty-handed. Just
remember, no one comes to mind, take
off the bangles and wash them off and
come with the cheat, what did you say, head, next time
[screaming] Grandpa,
come with a new twist,
give me a new doho, doha
doha, will doha know that my wife has taken away his
panga from me, really, make him fit with a zegda and wash him,
yes
[music] yes my 500 patan, yes
