Now you sit down, I have come carrying a dog, you have come carrying that abra cauldron, Now you sit down, I have come carrying a dog, you have come carrying that abra cauldron, abra cauldron, ha [laughter] Then the abra cauldron, ha [laughter] Then the abra cauldron, ha [laughter] Then the wise man comes to the other side, who will bring the abra? wise man comes to the other side, who will bring the abra? Whose abra will he bring? Oh, my God, you took a Whose abra will he bring? Oh, my God, you took a tractor and went to the middle and became a tractor and went to the middle and became a tractor and went to the middle and became a diesel, oh, it is a diesel, oh, it is a diesel, oh, it is a good man's tool, if it becomes a diesel, it will last good man's tool, if it becomes a diesel, it will last good man's tool, if it becomes a diesel, it will last forever, oh, what is the forever, oh, what is the forever, oh, what is the abra, good man, oh, what is the abra in abra, good man, oh, what is the abra in abra, good man, oh, what is the abra in that, oh, is there a little abra to go, oh, go abra, oh, that, oh, is there a little abra to go, oh, go abra, oh, that, oh, is there a little abra to go, oh, go abra, oh, Bhupatji, Bhupatji, Bhupatji, yes, was that the same yes, was that the same yes, was that the same thing? thing? thing? Yes, this was it Yes, this was it Yes, this was it . . . Final final Final final Final final final final final I heard from my friend another time you are the one who is here I heard from my friend another time you are the one who is here I heard from my friend another time you are the one who is here but the quarrel was good but the quarrel was good but the quarrel was good then what do you want that good then what do you want that good then what do you want that good man you should not eat diesel or there will be a quarrel between us two uncle man you should not eat diesel or there will be a quarrel between us two uncle or diesel like a chick are you going to or diesel like a chick are you going to or diesel like a chick are you going to quarrel between the two of you I have just gone out to kill the auto I will see you in your field in the pot I have just gone out to kill the auto I will see you in your field in the pot now if he goes now if he goes now if he goes I will I will I will go someone new I am shocked go someone new I am shocked go someone new I am shocked Hey this [screaming] Langa is in pain what is the matter Langa is in pain what is the matter Langa is in pain what is the matter Bhupatji hey [screaming] Bhupatji hey [screaming] Bhupatji hey [screaming] what is the matter what is the matter what is the matter nothing is there in the matter there is a tractor in the matter if it is a tractor then the nothing is there in the matter there is a tractor in the matter if it is a tractor then the nothing is there in the matter there is a tractor in the matter if it is a tractor then the tractor is tractor is tractor is not visible not visible not visible otherwise the tractor is lying down it is lying down otherwise the tractor is lying down it is lying down otherwise the tractor is lying down it is lying down your tractor is your tractor is your tractor is not working for a minute then today it has fallen down not working for a minute then today it has fallen down not working for a minute then today it has fallen down I do not see it so much I do not see it so much I do not see it so much hey  Khegaji Melin has come to you and told you hey  Khegaji Melin has come to you and told you hey  Khegaji Melin has come to you and told you that diesel is being sold, so Bhupatji, if you do that diesel is being sold, so Bhupatji, if you do that diesel is being sold, so Bhupatji, if you do n't talk to me, I won't n't talk to me, I won't n't talk to me, I won't add any more, now we won't add any more add any more, now we won't add any more add any more, now we won't add any more Haribhai Hachu, if we talk to you, you Haribhai Hachu, if we talk to you, you Haribhai Hachu, if we talk to you, you won't support us, you wo won't support us, you wo won't support us, you wo n't support us, n't support us, n't support us, so no, no, you won't support us, so what do you so no, no, you won't support us, so what do you so no, no, you won't support us, so what do you want, you want, you want, you won't stand in your support for this chaya dal, that's your won't stand in your support for this chaya dal, that's your won't stand in your support for this chaya dal, that's your [shouting] If there is an opportunity at home, to divert water in the field, then I will sow, if there is a need to weave cotton, then [shouting] If there is an opportunity at home, to divert water in the field, then I will sow, if there is a need to weave cotton, then I will sow, if there is a need to weave it, then I will sow, whatever your I will sow, if there is a need to weave it, then I will sow, whatever your I will sow, if there is a need to weave it, then I will sow, whatever your race is, I will come and stand race is, I will come and stand race is, I will come and stand and who are you, what are you going to support, hey and who are you, what are you going to support, hey and who are you, what are you going to support, hey hey [shouting] Ha ha hachu, now there is no one to help Ha ha hachu, now there is no one to help Ha ha hachu, now there is no one to help us, two brothers have been killed, one of them is happy, hey Haribhai, hey, Haribhai, hey, Haribhai, hey, I'm not happy, my friend [laughter] Don't be [laughter] Don't be [laughter] Don't be happy, take it happy, take it happy, take it away, away, away, I know the enemy has agreed, I know the enemy has agreed, I know the enemy has agreed, what kind of a fight have you brought, what kind of a fight have you brought, what kind of a fight have you brought, brother, our two brothers are in trouble, no brother, our two brothers are in trouble, no brother, our two brothers are in trouble, no one is going to support us, one is going to support us, one is going to support us, we will have to fight ourselves, we will have to fight ourselves, we will have to fight ourselves, brother, you have brought a band of hockey, what are brother, you have brought a band of hockey, what are brother, you have brought a band of hockey, what are you going to do, you have the strength to fight, you know, if you want to have you going to do, you have the strength to fight, you know, if you want to have you going to do, you have the strength to fight, you know, if you want to have power in the village, power in the village, power in the village, your village [shouting], two your village [shouting], two your village [shouting], two brothers don't let anyone speak, and Khegaji, brothers don't let anyone speak, and Khegaji, brothers don't let anyone speak, and Khegaji, you even ate me, but this man you even ate me, but this man you even ate me, but this man [shouting], that's why you made a fuss, you [shouting], that's why you made a fuss, you threw my excrement, no threw my excrement, no threw my excrement, no one in the whole village will mention the name of this man, whether he died one in the whole village will mention the name of this man, whether he died one in the whole village will mention the name of this man, whether he died or was killed, he lived like that, he has or was killed, he lived like that, he has or was killed, he lived like that, he has two heads, listen to two heads, listen to two heads, listen to my words, my words, my words, you are sitting, it's good that you are sitting, it's good that you are sitting, it's good that such a man is sitting such a man is sitting such a man is sitting and what  We have the strength to fight or to and what  We have the strength to fight or to and what  We have the strength to fight or to fight, but today we have no unity among us. Let me tell fight, but today we have no unity among us. Let me tell fight, but today we have no unity among us. Let me tell you the truth. This cow is full of you. If you the truth. This cow is full of you. If you the truth. This cow is full of you. If we say so, we have killed it for our own sake. we say so, we have killed it for our own sake. we say so, we have killed it for our own sake. And such a man is taking revenge on us. And such a man is taking revenge on us. And such a man is taking revenge on us. Come on, come on, come on, come on, the Come on, come on, come on, come on, the Come on, come on, come on, come on, the whole cow is ready to destroy us. whole cow is ready to destroy us. whole cow is ready to destroy us. Now, Alia [shouting] No one is ready. Now, Now, Alia [shouting] No one is ready. Now, Now, Alia [shouting] No one is ready. Now, you are thinking about all this. Now, listen to me. Now, the one you are thinking about all this. Now, listen to me. Now, the one you are thinking about all this. Now, listen to me. Now, the one who was killed is not from this cow. Alia belongs to who was killed is not from this cow. Alia belongs to who was killed is not from this cow. Alia belongs to twelve cows. And from twelve cows, they have twelve cows. And from twelve cows, they have twelve cows. And from twelve cows, they have killed your brothers. Alia, the barbarian cow killed you. If you killed him, then even if he killed your brothers. Alia, the barbarian cow killed you. If you killed him, then even if he killed your brothers. Alia, the barbarian cow killed you. If you killed him, then even if he killed you, this killed you, this killed you, this tractor has overtaken me. tractor has overtaken me. tractor has overtaken me. And I said, I know that no one in your cow has the strength. And I said, I know that no one in your cow has the strength. And I said, I know that no one in your cow has the strength. This bank is talking to you. This bank is talking to you. This bank is talking to you. Alia, how are you or your brother alive? He has already Alia, how are you or your brother alive? He has already Alia, how are you or your brother alive? He has already died. I died. I died. I said, you did said, you did said, you did not tell him. I not tell him. I not tell him. I know what he did to me. know what he did to me. know what he did to me. If there is any manure in your cow, If there is any manure in your cow, If there is any manure in your cow, bring it to me. Or do you have to fill the manure in our house? You know that bring it to me. Or do you have to fill the manure in our house? You know that Arbhai, I didn't get a chance. Don't swear on my neck. I didn't get a Arbhai, I didn't get a chance. Don't swear on my neck. I didn't get a Arbhai, I didn't get a chance. Don't swear on my neck. I didn't get a chance. chance. chance. So you tricked me and killed me. So you tricked me and killed me. So you tricked me and killed me. Now, oh, oh, I'll kill you. Brother, I was sitting on the tractor. And now, I'm like this. And Now, oh, oh, I'll kill you. Brother, I was sitting on the tractor. And now, I'm like this. And finally, one question. What have you done to me? Really, finally, one question. What have you done to me? Really, finally, one question. What have you done to me? Really, no no He is alone [screaming] He is alone [screaming] He is alone [screaming] I came alone I came alone I came alone and you have tricked and killed this Hariya, don't trick me, and you have tricked and killed this Hariya, don't trick me, and you have tricked and killed this Hariya, don't trick me, Homi Saadi [screaming] It's time, come on, Homi Saadi [screaming] It's time, come on, we are coming, you are not my people, don't we are coming, you are not my people, don't we are coming, you are not my people, don't worry, I came running and brought you to worry, I came running and brought you to worry, I came running and brought you to your house and why did your tractor fall, your house and why did your tractor fall, yes, he got on the yes, he got on the yes, he got on the tractor and brought it to me, tractor and brought it to me, tractor and brought it to me, yes [screaming] yes [screaming] yes [screaming] That's it, Hari, our cow has a big head, he is That's it, Hari, our cow has a big head, he is That's it, Hari, our cow has a big head, he is defeated, if there is a man like you sitting, our defeated, if there is a man like you sitting, our defeated, if there is a man like you sitting, our cow has to worry, good cow has to worry, good cow has to worry, good man and if a man gets hurt in the field, then take him out of the man and if a man gets hurt in the field, then take him out of the man and if a man gets hurt in the field, then take him out of the field and field and field and kill him, Hari, I said, you said, there is kill him, Hari, I said, you said, there is kill him, Hari, I said, you said, there is a man in our cow and his name is Kaatre a man in our cow and his name is Kaatre a man in our cow and his name is Kaatre And if his son Hari finds out, then tell him to kill you in And if his son Hari finds out, then tell him to kill you in And if his son Hari finds out, then tell him to kill you in this field, tell him to kill him, tell him to kill the this field, tell him to kill him, tell him to kill the this field, tell him to kill him, tell him to kill the cow [screaming] I cow [screaming] I cow [screaming] I said to the square, you have taken the land, come on  Hey said to the square, you have taken the land, come on  Hey said to the square, you have taken the land, come on  Hey land [screaming] Baba has come land [screaming] Baba has come land [screaming] Baba has come now, let's go and now, let's go and now, let's go and see the talk, see the talk, see the talk, this loser will be back in just 25 minutes, this loser will be back in just 25 minutes, this loser will be back in just 25 minutes, yes, yes, yes, tractor, tractor, tractor, tractor, bring Bodhi, Bodhi, tractor, bring Bodhi, Bodhi, yes, learn, learn from them, you are good people, you only yes, learn, learn from them, you are good people, you only yes, learn, learn from them, you are good people, you only talk big in the field, the talk big in the field, the talk big in the field, the rest of those things are wrong, there are rest of those things are wrong, there are rest of those things are wrong, there are no two of you, good people, you have removed my abar, you are no two of you, good people, you have removed my abar, you are my brother, that's why my brother, that's why my brother, that's why I am a child, you have come to make an idol, you have come to make an idol, so you can I am a child, you have come to make an idol, you have come to make an idol, so you can I am a child, you have come to make an idol, you have come to make an idol, so you can remove the abar, you remove the abar, you remove the abar, you see, oh, Khegarji's tractor, what a Khegarji's tractor, what a Khegarji's tractor, what a loser, do you think, my push will be so much, oh, loser, do you think, my push will be so much, oh, loser, do you think, my push will be so much, oh, Khegarji, Khegarji, yes [screaming] Khegarji, where is Khegarji, where is Khegarji, where is Khegarji, he has not gone, he has not gone, the Khegarji, he has not gone, he has not gone, the Khegarji, he has not gone, he has not gone, the house, then house, then house, then who are you, who are you, who are you, I am Khegarji's father, why are you I am Khegarji's father, why are you I am Khegarji's father, why are you talking like this?  Who are you? talking like this?  Who are you? talking like this?  Who are you? I am also a heavy-headed person. What was the matter? I am also a heavy-headed person. What was the matter? I am also a heavy-headed person. What was the matter? Khegarji has hired a driver and he has hired Khegarji has hired a driver and he has hired Khegarji has hired a driver and he has hired me as a driver, but I beat him me as a driver, but I beat him me as a driver, but I beat him and threw him around.  [Laughter] What does and threw him around.  [Laughter] What does and threw him around.  [Laughter] What does Cham mean? Cham mean? Cham mean? Killed and the tractor fell. Killed and the tractor fell. Killed and the tractor fell. So, elder, what kind of person do you want me to be? So, elder, what kind of person do you want me to be? So, elder, what kind of person do you want me to be? What do I mean? What do I mean? What do I mean? You have come to me, You have come to me, You have come to me, I am his cowherd, and I have to I am his cowherd, and I have to I am his cowherd, and I have to till the field, so how can I get a tractor, till the field, so how can I get a tractor, till the field, so how can I get a tractor, Khegaji? Khegaji? This is the tractor.  I got the tractor because I got it, This is the tractor.  I got the tractor because I got it, so it's yours, it's so it's yours, it's so it's yours, it's not mine, not mine, not mine, what are you doing, you idiot, you're talking what are you doing, you idiot, you're talking what are you doing, you idiot, you're talking nonsense nonsense nonsense [screaming] Hey, you [screaming] Hey, you [screaming] Hey, you raised your hand on me, hey, you raised your hand on me, hey, you raised your hand on me, hey, you raised your hand on me, you're a fool, my words are about raised your hand on me, you're a fool, my words are about raised your hand on me, you're a fool, my words are about someone's strength, even if I'm a banker, you someone's strength, even if I'm a banker, you someone's strength, even if I'm a banker, you raised your hand on me, or else raised your hand on me, or else raised your hand on me, or else Hey, Hey, Hey, who are you, old man? You used to who are you, old man? You used to who are you, old man? You used to come to this land, now come to this land, now come to this land, now I've come to that land and I'm sowing.  Okay?  Hey? I've come to that land and I'm sowing.  Okay?  Hey? What is it that I am saying? Now say, " What is it that I am saying? Now say, " What is it that I am saying? Now say, " Hey, no Hey, no Hey, no one, Ali." [Screaming] one, Ali." [Screaming] one, Ali." [Screaming] Ali, I am telling you, "Hey, no Ali, I am telling you, "Hey, no Ali, I am telling you, "Hey, no one, my friend, one, my friend, how did the tractor's empty head come?" I don't know, how did the tractor's empty head come?" I don't know, how did the tractor's empty head come?" I don't know, but my words must have reached you.   I fooled but my words must have reached you.   I fooled but my words must have reached you.   I fooled your cowherd, I shook my head, what is it really? your cowherd, I shook my head, what is it really? You killed Khegarji, You killed Khegarji, You killed Khegarji, I killed Khegarji and I killed Khegarji and I killed Khegarji and I killed Khegarji's brother, you are a big head, I killed Khegarji's brother, you are a big head, I killed Khegarji's brother, you are a big head, you killed the big head, you killed the big head, you killed the big head, yes, I fooled him, you killed Favorite, you are naked, you are going to kill me, yes, I fooled him, you killed Favorite, you are naked, you are going to kill me, how did I come, old man, what is the matter, what is Khegarji's, yes, I have how did I come, old man, what is the matter, what is Khegarji's, yes, I have how did I come, old man, what is the matter, what is Khegarji's, yes, I have taken the tractor, naked, and taken the tractor, naked, and taken the tractor, naked, and I am going to go I am going to go I am going to go straight to the high place, or will you come to take my tractor, even if you have straight to the high place, or will you come to take my tractor, even if you have straight to the high place, or will you come to take my tractor, even if you have taken it today, but if I have to take revenge, who do taken it today, but if I have to take revenge, who do taken it today, but if I have to take revenge, who do I want to take I want to take I want to take revenge with? revenge with? revenge with? Hey, Hey, Hey, Hariji, Hariji, Hariji, someone has looked down on me, someone has someone has looked down on me, someone has someone has looked down on me, someone has turned his head, now you have looked down on me turned his head, now you have looked down on me turned his head, now you have looked down on me . . . Someone's hand may be raised on this occasion, Hariji, Someone's hand may be raised on this occasion, Hariji, Someone's hand may be raised on this occasion, Hariji, someone's hand may be raised on you by the power of your hand someone's hand may be raised on you by the power of your hand someone's hand may be raised on you by the power of your hand .   So .   So .   So today, someone has attacked me. today, someone has attacked me. today, someone has attacked me. What is it, my father, my brother, is coming to eat What is it, my father, my brother, is coming to eat What is it, my father, my brother, is coming to eat my food? Today, my food? Today, my food? Today, he is killing me, he is killing me, he is killing me, but Haribhai, I will take revenge and whatever you do, it is but Haribhai, I will take revenge and whatever you do, it is fine. But who killed you, fine. But who killed you, fine. But who killed you, Hariji, Hariji, Hariji, I don't know him, but he is sitting in Chenji's field I don't know him, but he is sitting in Chenji's field I don't know him, but he is sitting in Chenji's field and sitting on Khegarji's tractor and sitting on Khegarji's tractor and sitting on Khegarji's tractor and he didn't kill me alone. and he didn't kill me alone. and he didn't kill me alone. Hariji, you don't Hariji, you don't Hariji, you don't need to tell me anything. I have told you need to tell me anything. I have told you need to tell me anything. I have told you all the stories. He has killed Khegar and all the stories. He has killed Khegar and all the stories. He has killed Khegar and Bhuba. Bhuba. Bhuba. Oh, yes, yes. [Screaming]. If I joined the Ghegar and became a Oh, yes, yes. [Screaming]. If I joined the Ghegar and became a Oh, yes, yes. [Screaming]. If I joined the Ghegar and became a Bhuda, now I have seen the whole story Bhuda, now I have seen the whole story Bhuda, now I have seen the whole story and I am a Chogar. and I am a Chogar. and I am a Chogar. Now, I am going to take this Ghegar's tractor Now, I am going to take this Ghegar's tractor Now, I am going to take this Ghegar's tractor and I am going to take revenge with that Doha. and I am going to take revenge with that Doha. and I am going to take revenge with that Doha. [Screaming]. Don't let anyone turn away from you. You are just doing [Screaming]. Don't let anyone turn away from you. You are just doing [Screaming]. Don't let anyone turn away from you. You are just doing dirty work in the Ghegar. You have to eat the leftovers in the Ghegar. dirty work in the Ghegar. You have to eat the leftovers in the Ghegar. Haribhai, this raghaya has beaten someone in life, Haribhai, this raghaya has beaten someone in life, today he has beaten me, yesterday he has beaten today he has beaten me, yesterday he has beaten today he has beaten me, yesterday he has beaten me [screaming] I have beaten him once, he has beaten me, he has beaten me, no one can turn away from you, he has not beaten me, he is like a me [screaming] I have beaten him once, he has beaten me, he has beaten me, no one can turn away from you, he has not beaten me, he is like a light light light dog, what is the use of it? I know now dog, what is the use of it? I know now dog, what is the use of it? I know now you are like a piece of paper, he has beaten me you are like a piece of paper, he has beaten me you are like a piece of paper, he has beaten me till today, this hari has till today, this hari has till today, this hari has not beaten me four times, but today you have come to not beaten me four times, but today you have come to eat me, I have brought your clothes, you just stand up, this hari will bring the hay in five minutes, this tractor of Khegaria will come with the hay, yes Haribhai, Haribhai, stand up, are you alone, if there are two of us, he will beat him now [screaming] eat me, I have brought your clothes, you just stand up, this hari will bring the hay in five minutes, this tractor of Khegaria will come with the hay, yes Haribhai, Haribhai, stand up, are you alone, if there are two of us, he will beat him now [screaming] eat me, I have brought your clothes, you just stand up, this hari will bring the hay in five minutes, this tractor of Khegaria will come with the hay, yes Haribhai, Haribhai, stand up, are you alone, if there are two of us, he will beat him now [screaming] I don't need your support, I have I don't need your support, I have I don't need your support, I have faith in myself and my strength, faith in myself and my strength, faith in myself and my strength, Raghu, it is like that, go and get the Raghu, it is like that, go and get the hay, hay, hay, then beat him, then beat him, then beat him, yes  I'll throw the vegetables [laughter] May [laughter] May [laughter] May your health be good, your health be good, your health be good, you have eaten me with your mouth, chewing my cheeks. There is no you have eaten me with your mouth, chewing my cheeks. There is no you have eaten me with your mouth, chewing my cheeks. There is no stain in my skin, no stain in my hide, no stain in my skin, no stain in my hide, no stain in my skin, no stain in my hide, no stain in my body, you have become a potter with such a mouth stain in my body, you have become a potter with such a mouth stain in my body, you have become a potter with such a mouth . Yes, take it. Yes, take it. Yes, take it. Take your hands off the tractor. Take your hands off the tractor. Take your hands off the tractor. Not your father's tractor. Not your father's tractor. Not your father's tractor. Oh, it's not your [screaming] voice. Oh, it's not your [screaming] voice. Oh, it's not your [screaming] voice. Power. Power. Power. My home [screams] power.  Who am I?   Do you My home [screams] power.  Who am I?   Do you My home [screams] power.  Who am I?   Do you recognize me, Lya? recognize me, Lya? recognize me, Lya? Keep the power on.  What else did Keep the power on.  What else did Keep the power on.  What else did God bring you to do by combing your hair? God bring you to do by combing your hair? God bring you to do by combing your hair? You are You are You are carrying death in your fist. I am carrying death in your fist. I am carrying death in your fist. I am carrying you in my fist. Why are you carrying you in my fist. Why are you carrying you in my fist. Why are you older than me? I have been older than me? I have been older than me? I have been following the limit for a long time. This limit is not too high. People following the limit for a long time. This limit is not too high. People like you go like you go like you go back to the place from which you came. There are back to the place from which you came. There are back to the place from which you came. There are so many. so many. so many. That's why I am telling you that if That's why I am telling you that if That's why I am telling you that if you feel dirty almost immediately, many of your cows have been made to play you feel dirty almost immediately, many of your cows have been made to play Garba before Navratri and you don't want to play. Garba before Navratri and you don't want to play. So why don't you come to our cows So why don't you come to our cows So why don't you come to our cows and kill them? and kill them? and kill them? Now, you Now, you Now, you run around and beat them. Don't let run around and beat them. Don't let run around and beat them. Don't let everyone be happy. Don't let them be happy. That's why everyone be happy. Don't let them be happy. That's why everyone be happy. Don't let them be happy. That's why I am telling you that 17 I am telling you that 17 I am telling you that 17 cows must have gone to Hashanah before you, but in this 20th year,  It's getting heavy, cows must have gone to Hashanah before you, but in this 20th year,  It's getting heavy, you are bullying some people and killing some people. There is a you are bullying some people and killing some people. There is a difference between me and this one. Go ahead, I will still beat you up. Go ahead, you have come to beat difference between me and this one. Go ahead, I will still beat you up. Go ahead, you have come to beat this banker. this banker. this banker. You don't have my experience that I won't take your life. Hey, you are a banker. If you are a banker, then there are banks in You don't have my experience that I won't take your life. Hey, you are a banker. If you are a banker, then there are banks in your house and in your village. In your house and in your village. In your house and in your village. In our village, there are banks in every house. Out of that, our village, there are banks in every house. Out of that, our village, there are banks in every house. Out of that, you should you should you should consider the banks as fools. Now, do you want to play the rasa dodiya or the consider the banks as fools. Now, do you want to play the rasa dodiya or the consider the banks as fools. Now, do you want to play the rasa dodiya or the inch or should I play the desi? inch or should I play the desi? inch or should I play the desi? You have made me play. [Laughter]. You have made me play. [Laughter]. You have made me play. [Laughter]. You have made me play. You have made me play. You have made me play. Yes, I have made you play. And if everything is fine, then why don't you get out of the Yes, I have made you play. And if everything is fine, then why don't you get out of the Yes, I have made you play. And if everything is fine, then why don't you get out of the show? show? show? [Screaming] It's not [Screaming] It's not [Screaming] It's not that much. But now, when will you get that much. But now, when will you get up from your charms and come? His up from your charms and come? His up from your charms and come? His father, his father, his father, his father, will come and hold your hands. father, his father, his father, his father, will come and hold your hands. father, his father, his father, his father, will come and hold your hands. [Screaming]  If [Screaming]  If [Screaming]  If you want to see this, come to the you want to see this, come to the you want to see this, come to the field. Head, field. Head, field. Head, this trick is no longer needed to come to the field. this trick is no longer needed to come to the field. this trick is no longer needed to come to the field. For you, come to the field. Oh, the trick is not needed. You are the one who is going to die. For you, come to the field. Oh, the trick is not needed. You are the one who is going to die. For you, come to the field. Oh, the trick is not needed. You are the one who is going to die. [Screaming] I am going to die. [Screaming] I am going to die. [Screaming] I am going to die. Now, if you are going to die, come on, oh, oh, you are going to die. If you are going to die, give me a little power. You are black. little power. You are black. One minute. [Screaming] I will give you power. One minute. Lower your voice. Lower your One minute. [Screaming] I will give you power. One minute. Lower your voice. Lower your voice. [ voice. [ Screaming] I will Screaming] I will Screaming] I will talk quietly.   Say, say, hey, talk quietly.   Say, say, hey, talk quietly.   Say, say, hey, this is just the nose of a tractor, hey, I have the this is just the nose of a tractor, hey, I have the this is just the nose of a tractor, hey, I have the strength to cut off your nose, if the strength to cut off your nose, if the strength to cut off your nose, if the elder has to [scream], elder has to [scream], elder has to [scream], I will talk, I will talk, I will talk, hey, I will talk, if you sit down, if you sit down, hey, I will talk, if you sit down, if you sit down, sit down, for sit down, for sit down, for a minute, a minute, a minute, I will I will I will talk with love, that in the past, elders like you used to have a gap talk with love, that in the past, elders like you used to have a gap talk with love, that in the past, elders like you used to have a gap between two houses, if between two houses, if you sit down you sit down One thing about this is that if someone One thing about this is that if someone One thing about this is that if someone sees a head in sees a head in sees a head in this field, no this field, no Now I wonder if there is any fun in watching all that, Now I wonder if there is any fun in watching all that, Now I wonder if there is any fun in watching all that, you go your way and I go my you go your way and I go my you go your way and I go my way, way, way, that is, in any way like that, that is, in any way like that, that is, in any way like that, and I will not let it happen in any way like that. and I will not let it happen in any way like that. Come on, let's have fun [screaming] [screaming] Now your people have Come on, let's have fun [screaming] [screaming] Now your people have Come on, let's have fun [screaming] [screaming] Now your people have come instead of the changeling, and they have turned me around and beaten me up. come instead of the changeling, and they have turned me around and beaten me up. Yes, Yes, Yes, [laughter] What a joy, what [laughter] What a joy, what Oh, Oh, Oh, hey, if you have a hey, if you have a hey, if you have a son, just beat him up with a stick son, just beat him up with a stick son, just beat him up with a stick .  I didn't do it for a long time .  I didn't do it for a long time .  I didn't do it for a long time Now the whole community will come [screaming] But I Now the whole community will come [screaming] But I Now the whole community will come [screaming] But I 'm with the tractor [screaming] I'm eating, I'm eating, I'm eating, I'm [screaming] I'm eating, I'm eating, I'm eating, I'm not going to let anyone do this not going to let anyone do this not going to let anyone do this [gasps] Oh my God, my [gasps] Oh my God, my man is my friend, that time, when I was a child, I was a horse,  If I do man is my friend, that time, when I was a child, I was a horse,  If I do n't get it, then I'll have to go. n't get it, then I'll have to go. Now I've come to see you. I'm going to go and give you a break. I'm going to go Now I've come to see you. I'm going to go and give you a break. I'm going to go now. You've made me mad. You're stopping me. You're not going to look back. You're throwing the picture. But you've forgotten me. So, who am I? I've come with two guns. Now, my now. You've made me mad. You're stopping me. You're not going to look back. You're throwing the picture. But you've forgotten me. So, who am I? I've come with two guns. Now, my now. You've made me mad. You're stopping me. You're not going to look back. You're throwing the picture. But you've forgotten me. So, who am I? I've come with two guns. Now, my head is heavy. Come on, Haribhai Aryo, I've been thinking a lot. I've seen a head is heavy. Come on, Haribhai Aryo, I've been thinking a lot. I've seen a picture of a ghetto. I've taken the nose of a tractor picture of a ghetto. I've taken the nose of a tractor picture of a ghetto. I've taken the nose of a tractor and given it to you. I've talked to you. and given it to you. I've talked to you. and given it to you. I've talked to you. Hey, brother, don't talk to me anymore. Now, do Hey, brother, don't talk to me anymore. Now, do Hey, brother, don't talk to me anymore. Now, do n't think about it. Let's go with Khegaji and n't think about it. Let's go with Khegaji and n't think about it. Let's go with Khegaji and Bhupatji. We all get together and Bhupatji. We all get together and Bhupatji. We all get together and decide. We'll have to make a way. decide. We'll have to make a way. decide. We'll have to make a way. Raju has attacked everyone, Raju has attacked everyone, Raju has attacked everyone, but I'll do it. Come on, even the sixteen Aryos get but I'll do it. Come on, even the sixteen Aryos get but I'll do it. Come on, even the sixteen Aryos get together and make a way. together and make a way. together and make a way. I'm not like a dog.  It's a joke, it's I'm not like a dog.  It's a joke, it's I'm not like a dog.  It's a joke, it's not even a joke, my friend, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke not even a joke, my friend, it's a joke, it's a joke, it's a joke [Music] Is someone dead? Why are you someone dead? Why are you someone dead? Why are you sitting like this? sitting like this? sitting like this? Hey, your father, you can't even speak to me. You're always Hey, your father, you can't even speak to me. You're always Hey, your father, you can't even speak to me. You're always talking, you're always standing up. But talking, you're always standing up. But talking, you're always standing up. But what if you're sitting like this? Bhupatji is really a big boss in our village, so what if you're sitting like this? Bhupatji is really a big boss in our village, so what if you're sitting like this? Bhupatji is really a big boss in our village, so you two brothers, and today I have brought you something, you two brothers, and today I have brought you something, you two brothers, and today I have brought you something, so you have to do so you have to do so you have to do my dirty work.  The men from Alya Bharbhara my dirty work.  The men from Alya Bharbhara my dirty work.  The men from Alya Bharbhara village came and village came and village came and raised their hands on the men from our village. Let's go, Salya [shouting], you have brought a bottle Salya [shouting], you have brought a bottle Salya [shouting], you have brought a bottle and you will have to do this work.   A man has and you will have to do this work.   A man has come to Chenji's farm after a quarrel and I have lifted the heavy load and come and he has come and come to Chenji's farm after a quarrel and I have lifted the heavy load and come and he has come and come to Chenji's farm after a quarrel and I have lifted the heavy load and come and he has come and my wife has left me, she has left you, my wife has left me, she has left you, now take everything with me, now take everything with me, now take everything with me, that brother, listen to me, we don't like to quarrel, that brother, listen to me, we don't like to quarrel, that brother, listen to me, we don't like to quarrel, we are business people, hey, we won't fight like you, okay, we are business people, hey, we won't fight like you, okay, we didn't talk about fighting, if there is a police case, then I am sitting in a mess, you have left us, don't let anything happen, we will not leave [ we didn't talk about fighting, if there is a police case, then I am sitting in a mess, you have left us, don't let anything happen, we will not leave [ we didn't talk about fighting, if there is a police case, then I am sitting in a mess, you have left us, don't let anything happen, we will not leave [ shout] nor fight, pull shout] nor fight, pull shout] nor fight, pull Raghubhai, where did you come from? [Laughs] Raghubhai, where did you come from? [Laughs] Raghubhai, where did you come from? [Laughs] Haribhai, Haribhai, Haribhai, [Screams] I did n't have time to do it. I saw the tiger and came back with a smile. Go on, saw the tiger and came back with a smile. Go on, saw the tiger and came back with a smile. Go on, what kind of a what kind of a what kind of a ghadar pichar is this? You know, Devlu, ghadar pichar is this? You know, Devlu, ghadar pichar is this? You know, Devlu, now he broke that pump, so now he broke that pump, so now he broke that pump, so now I went alone, then now I went alone, then now I went alone, then we two people, then we played a dialogue, we two people, then we played a dialogue, okay, then I came back a little late, okay, okay, then I came back a little late, okay, okay, then I came back a little late, okay, and his father said, "Homu," his and his father said, "Homu," his and his father said, "Homu," his father said, "Homu," he said, "Hum, I took his hand and washed it." And the nose of the tractor came, and he held it, "No, no, no, no," "Oh, oh father said, "Homu," he said, "Hum, I took his hand and washed it." And the nose of the tractor came, and he held it, "No, no, no, no," "Oh, oh father said, "Homu," he said, "Hum, I took his hand and washed it." And the nose of the tractor came, and he held it, "No, no, no, no," "Oh, oh You beat me, beat me, another one is You beat me, beat me, another one is You beat me, beat me, another one is still silent, still silent, he is standing, Raghu [screams] Come on Raghubhai, don't he is standing, Raghu [screams] Come on Raghubhai, don't he is standing, Raghu [screams] Come on Raghubhai, don't beat me, you beat me with a hammer, Raghu, don't beat me, you are killing me, my beat me, you beat me with a hammer, Raghu, don't beat me, you are killing me, my uncle, swearing, you are coming to get your money, uncle, swearing, you are coming to get your money, uncle, swearing, you are coming to get your money, your life is full of dust, yes, your life is full of dust, yes, your life is full of dust, yes, everyone in the whole village is scared [screams] everyone in the whole village is scared [screams] everyone in the whole village is scared [screams] Fools, Fools, Fools, such and such people have beaten me, such and such people have beaten me, such and such people have beaten me, I used to beat you, so I stood there and I used to beat you, so I stood there and I used to beat you, so I stood there and watched, but even then, I didn't come to support you, did you come? watched, but even then, I didn't come to support you, did you come? watched, but even then, I didn't come to support you, did you come? [laughs] Doho doho, he came with empty talk, [laughs] Doho doho, he came with empty talk, [laughs] Doho doho, he came with empty talk, he saw Doho and ran away, that's why you said, "Mykangli, die, he saw Doho and ran away, that's why you said, "Mykangli, die, he saw Doho and ran away, that's why you said, "Mykangli, die, die," so you said, " die," so you said, " die," so you said, " Mykangli, who brought me?" Mykangli, who brought me?" Mykangli, who brought me?" Or "Makangli," you said, "You Or "Makangli," you said, "You Or "Makangli," you said, "You all came to kill me, you have come out with folded all came to kill me, you have come out with folded all came to kill me, you have come out with folded hands, hands, hands, now, oh, Hari, Hari, one more thing from you." now, oh, Hari, Hari, one more thing from you." I didn't say anything, I didn't say anything in a loud voice, if I went to I didn't say anything, I didn't say anything in a loud voice, if I went to I didn't say anything, I didn't say anything in a loud voice, if I went to say something in a loud voice and he saw say something in a loud voice and he saw say something in a loud voice and he saw me straight away, his head started spinning, then I stopped him, oh, oh, me straight away, his head started spinning, then I stopped him, oh, oh, you didn't want to take the bottle, you didn't want to take the bottle, now take it, there are so many people standing there and now take it, there are so many people standing there and now take it, there are so many people standing there and everyone is eating everyone is eating everyone is eating me, this is a good thing, so please do me, this is a good thing, so please do me, this is a good thing, so please do n't keep your height high, everyone is bowing down n't keep your height high, everyone is bowing down n't keep your height high, everyone is bowing down . . . The matter is Hachi.  Now you all have listened to me The matter is Hachi.  Now you all have listened to me The matter is Hachi.  Now you all have listened to me .  Now talking about the Nechava, then he said, " .  Now talking about the Nechava, then he said, " .  Now talking about the Nechava, then he said, " Hey Hariji, if you are like me, you can beat me, Hey Hariji, if you are like me, you can beat me, Hey Hariji, if you are like me, you can beat me, but this Bhupatji had a lot of fame in the village, but this Bhupatji had a lot of fame in the village, but this Bhupatji had a lot of fame in the village, but the boy doesn't take the name, and you have beaten him, he has brought me but the boy doesn't take the name, and you have beaten him, he has brought me but the boy doesn't take the name, and you have beaten him, he has brought me so much fame, don't lose it, so much fame, don't lose it, keep it quiet, he has kicked everyone out, okay, listen to me, I am keep it quiet, he has kicked everyone out, okay, listen to me, I am keep it quiet, he has kicked everyone out, okay, listen to me, I am talking well, is there no talking well, is there no talking well, is there no one to turn away from us now, okay, there is one to turn away from us now, okay, there is one to turn away from us now, okay, there is still one bank left in our village, okay, that is the still one bank left in our village, okay, that is the still one bank left in our village, okay, that is the bank itself, there is a bank itself, there is a bank itself, there is a bank in our village that no one comes to, and the bank will kill them 100 bank in our village that no one comes to, and the bank will kill them 100 bank in our village that no one comes to, and the bank will kill them 100 percent, come on, Babuji, you are his bank, okay, okay, okay you are his bank, okay, okay, okay you are his bank, okay, okay, okay [shouting], that's the next one, [shouting], that's the next one, [shouting], that's the next one, really, some guy is coming to our community, okay, he really, some guy is coming to our community, okay, he really, some guy is coming to our community, okay, he is a big man, is a big man, is a big man, but what can we do, Oykan is not here for a but what can we do, Oykan is not here for a but what can we do, Oykan is not here for a week and has gone to Hahari.  He is sitting.   The people never week and has gone to Hahari.  He is sitting.   The people never week and has gone to Hahari.  He is sitting.   The people never come on time, no one comes, come on time, no one comes, come on time, no one comes, no one comes, it takes a long time, no one comes, it takes a long time, no one comes, it takes a long time, then no one can do anything for us, everything is done, then no one can do anything for us, everything is done, then no one can do anything for us, everything is done, we have to do it, we have to do it, we have to do it, we have to think about it, we have to we have to think about it, we have to we have to think about it, we have to bring back the one whose aura is lost, once the bring back the one whose aura is lost, once the bring back the one whose aura is lost, once the hachu, hachu, hachu, yes, the chokan, came and yes, the chokan, came and lost the aura, there is no need to lost the aura, there is no need to lost the aura, there is no need to worry, Mafujin became home, then worry, Mafujin became home, then worry, Mafujin became home, then Mafuji, how are you, the arrival of the cow, go, where are you going, arrival of the cow, go, where are you going, arrival of the cow, go, where are you going, what were you doing, come here, you are what were you doing, come here, you are what were you doing, come here, you are late, let's talk, late, let's talk, late, let's talk, keep the tractor quiet, your tractor is slow, that's all keep the tractor quiet, your tractor is slow, that's all keep the tractor quiet, your tractor is slow, that's all [laughter] I didn't burst, the voice was pushed, the time is not like that, don't say that, don't [laughter] I didn't burst, the voice was pushed, the time is not like that, don't say that, don't say that, man, say that, man, say that, man, this is this is this is your [screaming] I had to eat because of the tractor, your [screaming] I had to eat because of the tractor, your [screaming] I had to eat because of the tractor, maybe because of the maybe because of the maybe because of the tractor, it's about the tractor, it's about the tractor, it's about the fumathai, fumathai, fumathai, what did the fumathai do, besides the fumathai has what did the fumathai do, besides the fumathai has what did the fumathai do, besides the fumathai has killed everyone killed everyone killed everyone Give me something straight, my friend, I Give me something straight, my friend, I Give me something straight, my friend, I know everything about what kind of a person he is, but I don't know everything, do know everything about what kind of a person he is, but I don't know everything, do know everything about what kind of a person he is, but I don't know everything, do n't worry about my words, if you n't worry about my words, if you n't worry about my words, if you raise your hand against me and my mouth gets irritated, then you will raise your hand against me and my mouth gets irritated, then you will raise your hand against me and my mouth gets irritated, then you will turn to me, who is a fool but is like a snake turn to me, who is a fool but is like a snake turn to me, who is a fool but is like a snake .  Even though I've been struggling a lot, I know I shouldn't get involved in .  Even though I've been struggling a lot, I know I shouldn't get involved in .  Even though I've been struggling a lot, I know I shouldn't get involved in this matter, this matter, this matter, Mafuji, we've felt like we're in trouble. Mafuji, we've felt like we're in trouble. Mafuji, we've felt like we're in trouble. We went to eat late at night, but We went to eat late at night, but We went to eat late at night, but we don't know who will come and tell us. we don't know who will come and tell us. we don't know who will come and tell us. Smoke is coming from where, Uncle Shodha, what to Smoke is coming from where, Uncle Shodha, what to Smoke is coming from where, Uncle Shodha, what to do? [Screaming] If there is another do? [Screaming] If there is another do? [Screaming] If there is another road, I have run away, but I have run away, road, I have run away, but I have run away, road, I have run away, but I have run away, but you have gone to run away, but you have gone to run away, but you have gone to run away, what to do? what to do? what to do? Mafuji, I did not go for my own selfishness, Mafuji, I did not go for my own selfishness, Mafuji, I did not go for my own selfishness, I went to protect my brothers, so I went to protect my brothers, so I went to protect my brothers, so you know the story of Oi. How did I you know the story of Oi. How did I you know the story of Oi. How did I come to this story? You should know come to this story? You should know come to this story? You should know now Mafuji, I will tell you the whole story. now Mafuji, I will tell you the whole story. now Mafuji, I will tell you the whole story. I was carrying a tractor and was in the change room I was carrying a tractor and was in the change room I was carrying a tractor and was in the change room . . . And the dog landed horizontally.   My And the dog landed horizontally.   My And the dog landed horizontally.   My heart skipped a beat heart skipped a beat heart skipped a beat and the tractor hit me. and the tractor hit me. and the tractor hit me. Then when I came home, I was like, " Then when I came home, I was like, " Oh, I'm going to die Oh, I'm going to die Oh, I'm going to die I came to Oyakan and talked to Bhupatji and said, " I came to Oyakan and talked to Bhupatji and said, " I came to Oyakan and talked to Bhupatji and said, " Haha, Haha, Haha, Bhupatji has grown up and taken off, but I Bhupatji has grown up and taken off, but I Bhupatji has grown up and taken off, but I came back after getting beaten up by Oya."  The came back after getting beaten up by Oya."  The came back after getting beaten up by Oya."  The two of us stood talking and Ariji came and went and two of us stood talking and Ariji came and went and two of us stood talking and Ariji came and went and Hariji left to get the tractor. Hariji left to get the tractor. Hariji left to get the tractor. So Haribhai took care of the house of Hadkat. So Haribhai took care of the house of Hadkat. So Haribhai took care of the house of Hadkat. Yes, Yes, Yes, Haribhai went to get the tractor. So Hariji hit me, hit me, hit me, how did Haribhai went to get the tractor. So Hariji hit me, hit me, hit me, how did Haribhai went to get the tractor. So Hariji hit me, hit me, hit me, how did this owner of the tractor go? This owner is beating me. All these people are beating me. He is this owner of the tractor go? This owner is beating me. All these people are beating me. He is not going to survive. He has beaten me very badly. Everyone swore at him. not going to survive. He has beaten me very badly. Everyone swore at him. not going to survive. He has beaten me very badly. Everyone swore at him. So Mabhujji, you have got your word. We have got a little bit of a So Mabhujji, you have got your word. We have got a little bit of a And you And you And you caught me from the waist caught me from the waist caught me from the waist oh [screaming] oh [screaming] oh [screaming] So you caught me from the waist So you caught me from the waist So you caught me from the waist yes you caught me keep yes you caught me keep yes you caught me keep calm calm calm but that's not what you control but that's not what you control but that's not what you control you control a lot you are talking about me you control a lot you are talking about me you control a lot you are talking about me that I would have become like that and I had that I would have become like that and I had that I would have become like that and I had expected if I had taken the oath of mother ji and her and expected if I had taken the oath of mother ji and her and expected if I had taken the oath of mother ji and her and Ahi's hands in her lap there were points like that I Ahi's hands in her lap there were points like that I also said to me no problem age is suitable and also said to me no problem age is suitable and also said to me no problem age is suitable and I have done so I have done so I have done so but I don't know so many Hajj that's a big but I don't know so many Hajj that's a big but I don't know so many Hajj that's a big deal so have deal so have deal so have you all made a mistake then you all made a mistake then you all made a mistake then you were supposed to be with me you were supposed to be with me you were supposed to be with me you didn't go one by one you you didn't go one by one you you didn't go one by one you went one by one and in that you got beaten and beaten up so what to do went one by one and in that you got beaten and beaten up so what to do now now now what to do now talk about what to do now talk about what to do now talk about me now you have done Hajj me now you have done Hajj me now you have done Hajj no Keta or I will kill him no Keta or I will kill him no Keta or I will kill him yes yes yes I didn't get into so many things but now I have to get into it I didn't get into so many things but now I have to get into it I didn't get into so many things but now I have to get into it so you have to unite for that so you have to unite for that so you have to unite for that .  We will have to go as one, everyone, listen to .  We will have to go as one, everyone, listen to .  We will have to go as one, everyone, listen to my words. I will tell you briefly. If you go my words. I will tell you briefly. If you go my words. I will tell you briefly. If you go slowly, you will go away. slowly, you will go away. slowly, you will go away. These two have become four. [Music] These two have become four. [Music] These two have become four. [Music] Okay, Okay, Okay, these two have become four. these two have become four. these two have become four. Now show Bhaji. Show me. You are the one. [Snores] Bhaji, who is You are the one. [Snores] Bhaji, who is You are the one. [Snores] Bhaji, who is Bhaji? Let me talk about you. Bhaji? Let me talk about you. Bhaji? Let me talk about you. Yes, Yes, what is this? Come on, these people with what is this? Come on, these people with what is this? Come on, these people with power, the one who wants to drink the booze, you have to power, the one who wants to drink the booze, you have to drink the booze. Do drink the booze. Do drink the booze. Do n't understand what kind of gardener I want. I n't understand what kind of gardener I want. I n't understand what kind of gardener I want. I want you to come together for the power of this unity. want you to come together for the power of this unity. want you to come together for the power of this unity. And now, this And now, this And now, this Doha is not going to go away. Doha is not going to go away. Doha is not going to go away. Bring a bridge to the bridge. Has this idea not crossed your mind? Has it crossed Bring a bridge to the bridge. Has this idea not crossed your mind? Has it crossed Bring a bridge to the bridge. Has this idea not crossed your mind? Has it crossed your mind?  Hey, your mind?  Hey, your mind?  Hey, Bapuji, you have talked about unity, so Bapuji, you have talked about unity, so Bapuji, you have talked about unity, so I want to talk about something else. I want to talk about something else. I want to talk about something else. I said, "Come, tell me all the promises, tell me your back, uncle." I said, "Come, tell me all the promises, tell me your back, uncle." I said, "Come, tell me all the promises, tell me your back, uncle." Yes, Yes, Yes, you, Mafuji, how are our people? I you, Mafuji, how are our people? I you, Mafuji, how are our people? I know that when one person falls, others beat him up. know that when one person falls, others beat him up. know that when one person falls, others beat him up. Come, listen to Come, listen to Come, listen to my words. The promise of a my words. The promise of a my words. The promise of a man who tells his back will be broken. Cut and paste the man who tells his back will be broken. Cut and paste the man who tells his back will be broken. Cut and paste the promise. The promise. The oath is true. Brother, I have taken that promise. Take it. Take it. Let oath is true. Brother, I have taken that promise. Take it. Take it. Let me take my uncle's oath. I will show you the me take my uncle's oath. I will show you the me take my uncle's oath. I will show you the box. I will show you the oath. Take my box. I will show you the oath. Take my box. I will show you the oath. Take my uncle's oath. Our sister has come. uncle's oath. Our sister has come. uncle's oath. Our sister has come. Yes, we have come together. Your tongue is Yes, we have come together. Your tongue is Yes, we have come together. Your tongue is not ours. Come, you see. Take the not ours. Come, you see. Take the oath. Kill my oath. Kill my oath. Kill my uncle's oath. Just do it. Do uncle's oath. Just do it. Do uncle's oath. Just do it. Do n't do it. My jaw is dead. n't do it. My jaw is dead. n't do it. My jaw is dead. If you raise your head and blow your [ __ ], If you raise your head and blow your [ __ ], If you raise your head and blow your [ __ ], my words will hurt that [ __ ] even more.  No, no, my words will hurt that [ __ ] even more.  No, no, my words will hurt that [ __ ] even more.  No, no, mother, mother, mother, if we bring Oykan, if we bring Oykan, if we bring Oykan, now we don't get stuck, bring him with me, now we don't get stuck, bring him with me, now we don't get stuck, bring him with me, so I can call the channel and so I can call the channel and so I can call the channel and call the channel, then find a way, now your talk is over, come, come, call the channel, then find a way, now your talk is over, come, come, what's what's what's my talk, listen to me, my talk, listen to me, my talk, listen to me, we'll take the elephant straight away, hachu, we'll take the elephant straight away, hachu, we'll take the elephant straight away, hachu, I've got an idea, listen to you, I've got an idea, listen to you, I've got an idea, listen to you, Haribhai, you should go to the field alone, okay, Haribhai, you should go to the field alone, okay, Haribhai, you should go to the field alone, okay, my talk is listen, you should go to the my talk is listen, you should go to the my talk is listen, you should go to the field alone, go to the field and field alone, go to the field and field alone, go to the field and stand in the middle of the field and if stand in the middle of the field and if you have the strength, come, come, you have to challenge him, he will you have the strength, come, come, you have to challenge him, he will come to fight, come to fight, come to fight, and then you have to beat him, and then you have to beat him, and then you have to beat him, hachu, [laughter] okay, hachu, [laughter] okay, hachu, [laughter] okay, what's my talk, you idiot, what's my talk, you idiot, what's my talk, you idiot, you have to run, beat him, you have to run, beat him, you have to run, beat him, and on the way, we will arrange ourselves at different places, and on the way, we will arrange ourselves at different places, and on the way, we will arrange ourselves at different places, everyone is like a everyone is like a everyone is like a lion, lion, lion, yes, yes, the lion goes out to hunt, so he goes out yes, yes, the lion goes out to hunt, so he goes out yes, yes, the lion goes out to hunt, so he goes out with a plan, with a plan, with a plan, and the people are going to be killed by him,  I do and the people are going to be killed by him,  I do and the people are going to be killed by him,  I do n't want to run, so I don't n't want to run, so I don't n't want to run, so I don't want to cry, but I don't want to come empty-handed.   Just want to cry, but I don't want to come empty-handed.   Just want to cry, but I don't want to come empty-handed.   Just remember, no one comes to mind, take remember, no one comes to mind, take remember, no one comes to mind, take off the bangles and wash them off and off the bangles and wash them off and off the bangles and wash them off and come with the cheat, what did you say, head, next time come with the cheat, what did you say, head, next time come with the cheat, what did you say, head, next time [screaming] Grandpa, [screaming] Grandpa, [screaming] Grandpa, come with a new twist, come with a new twist, come with a new twist, give me a new doho, doha give me a new doho, doha give me a new doho, doha doha, will doha know that my wife has taken away his doha, will doha know that my wife has taken away his doha, will doha know that my wife has taken away his panga from me, really, make him fit with a zegda and wash him, panga from me, really, make him fit with a zegda and wash him, panga from me, really, make him fit with a zegda and wash him, yes [music] yes my 500 patan, yes