It's 12 o'clock on Wednesday and this is the Wizard Product Review. I'm Dave. And I'm Sean. And I'm Mike. And first of all on this week's show we have a trick called Out of the Blue by Magic World and James Antony. Shall we try and do it? Let's do it. Shall we do it? I've got some exciting. Now this is actually a special decks of the deck of cards. As a magician I tend to have cards laying around all over the place. So you'll see here that I've got some red cards and also I've got blue cards. So it's kind of like a mixture of cards. Let me leave the red cards there just for a moment. And all these blue cards, can you see on the camera there, they're all blue cards. Yes, sir. Every single one of these cards they're all blue. Wayne can I get you to hold on to those. So put one hand underneath, put the other hand on top. And these cards just here you can see they're all different. So Sean just for an example just touch a card. Just touch a card, that one. And what card is that one? That is the Queen of Clubs. Queen of Clubs, touch another one. Okay and that one just there. The Seven of Spades. And Wayne can you free up one of your hands maybe the hand on the top. Can you just touch a card, just touch one card. That one. And can you remember that card just there. I got it, yeah. Remember that card. Keep thinking of it, do not change your mind. So you're just thinking of a card. What I want you to do now is think about that card. Think about whether it's a black card or a red card. I can tell there by your body language Wayne that it is indeed a black card. Yes. I reckon it's a spade, is that right? 50-50. Just look at me. Ace, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. You reacted on the ten but it's not the ten, no it's the Nine of Spades. It is enough. But we're going to go one further than that. Wow. I'm just going to click just here and tell me, look Sean can you see the Nine of Spades. The Nine of Spades is not in that pack. It's not there, that's because the card you were thinking of Wayne has actually transported. And if we look through here you'll see that there is one card face down, one red card, take it out. It is the Nine of Spades ladies and gentlemen. Wow. And that is Out of the Blue by Magic World and James Anthony. First of all what do you like about it? I liked about it, that it was so free and it's in the spectator's hands, it feels so natural and it feels off the cuff. Okay, well for one point what do you like about it Sean? I don't think there's anything off the cuff about going, I've prepared some red and blue cards. So let's talk about what I like about it. What do I like about it? I think it's a really strong piece of magic, the spectators aren't going to have the clue how it's done. It's really direct, I always like, God this isn't the colour changing dates, but I always like the contrast of where there's red cards and blue cards. It's really interesting because they're not normally having cards in a blue pack, so it looks interesting for them. What I like about it is the fact that you get the gimmick cards that do the trick. It's a very strong piece of magic. James has gone to a lot of trouble to put lots of live performances, which is really good to see that. Lots of live performances on the download that give you the confidence that actually this is a strong routine. It's a strong routine that registers very strongly with the audience, but from a performance point of view you can concentrate completely on the performance because the cards that you get with it, half the cards you get with it are completely gimmicked and they mean that you can use those gimmick cards, you're completely sleight of hand free. You've just got to remember orders and orientations and that kind of thing and it means that you can do this incredible trick. Now we all discussed this earlier and we were unanimous in our only thing that we didn't like about it. Which was Sean? It was that I want to perform this with two full packs of cards because when I'm performing at a table, one of my Pat hates when I watch other performance perform, other guys go, I've got this special pack of cards that does this trick, I put that away, then I pull out another pack of cards out of this pocket. And this gives it that feel because if I had to perform this, I'd want to perform maybe the ambitious card with one pack of cards and then go into my pocket and just look like I pulled out one extra full pack of cards. So they've got the continuity, so it looks like one deck of cards still been in play the whole time. When I go into the pocket to then pull out, I've got a special pack of cards that I'm just going to do this trick with, it gives you the impression that you are using a special trick pack of cards and maybe not just using the pack of cards. To be fair, it's not even an impression because James himself starts the presentation, he says, it's not a normal deck, I've got this. And I think what I would do, I think this trick is great, but I think Magic World, I think should actually produce, and I know they can, because they've got their print by Magic company, they're very good at printing cards and that kind of thing. I think they should do the full deck version. Absolutely, the professional version. Even if it costs a little bit more, I think this trick is great, but I really would think about doing the other version of this. Because with this deck, then I think you'd be able to do some really cool effects with it, as well as the standard out of the blue effect. The out of the blue effect is very strong, we just have, all unanimously have this issue with starting with a half and half deck, which you kind of have to justify, which from a performance point of view, you're kind of on the back foot straight away with a performance, you're kind of like, honestly, this is all right. It becomes instantly convoluted, because you're having to give them an excuse rather than just going, oh yeah, and here's a red pack now. Let me tell you, when I was about 18 years old, I was going to out for a drink with my dad, and there was a chat, they're one of their friends of friends, and he used to come up with this massive concertina wallet with loads of packet tricks in there. And I was going in there, doing some of my favourite card tricks, with tricks with a pack of cards from the bar, and then he's got his packet tricks, and immediately everybody started to say, oh he's got his trick, he's got his trick cards with him, he's got his trick cards, go and get him to do one, and it was his trick cards, and that I think is what this is leaning against, which is probably less so than when you've got three or four cards in a wallet. Yeah, yeah definitely, but it's still that, I don't know, in my head it feels that way. I've got, I won't mention it, but I've got a product that I've got years ago, which required two decks, and I was going to do it like this, I was going to have it half red, half blue, because at the time the people I was with suggested it that way, but I wanted it to be a full deck. Yeah, two sets, so I wasn't even using that, I was using a regular deck of cards, or so they thought, and then later on while they're shopping them, I bring this blue deck out and say, actually I'm going to unpack these and leave them on the table, now let's do so. That's how that should work. That's probably why your effect was a knockout, Wayne, he really was. Yeah. Right, so, hard to grate, because I do really like it, but it's not quite all there, but it's a really strong effect. Look, we've just done it, James has gone to a lot of trouble on the live performances, and on the trailer, you know, it makes a point of saying this is uncut, completely uncut, and you do see it completely uncut on the trailer. I've done a great job of that. So, you see the effect, if you like the effect, you're not going to be disappointed at all. It's just, you know, I'd like to get the new version as well, and maybe you can bring that out for Blackpool or something like that, I'm sure you could. But I do really like the effect, I'm giving it 85%. Yeah, I'm going to give this an 83%, if this was brought out with two full packs of cars, and it might be in the future, I'd be thinking about going up to 90% on it. Yeah, definitely, I'm giving it 82%, but if it was too dex, then yeah, definitely in the 90s. It's available from your favourite, Murphy's Magic dealer. Kudos for the real time, out of the flow. Loads of them. Loads of them. I did an attractive trick, didn't I? Is that really good? Next up, very topical in the news, we've got Theresa May and everything, so next up we've got a Brexit trick. Brits by Akana. So, what's the effect? Akana? Is that what? Akana. It's a full routine, Akana, doesn't it? That's the name of the production, don't they? Basically, you've got lots of these little cards. Lots of clips on the screen. They've all got Lego figures on them. But parts of Lego figures. Parts of Lego figures. Parts of Lego figures, body parts. And you spread them out in a grid on the table, and the spectators have a seemingly very fair way of moving the cards around and selecting. Which cards go face up and face down? Face down, you end up with a little packet, and then you have on a prediction card, you've predicted how many cards are face up and how many cards are face down. Kind of like a shuffle ball. And then three cards are selected and made like a figurine. So, I've got a pirate head, an army body, and a lady skirt. And it looks like it shouldn't happen. Yeah, it's like the prediction has gone wrong. And then you have another card with a prediction on it, and then you turn it over, and the prediction has gone right. Because it is a pirate wearing a skirt. It is a pirate wearing a skirt. And then you take the prediction card, and you kind of like pop it over the people's hands, and the matching prediction comes out. Yeah. The real ones. First of all, I'm going to say what I like about it. What I like about it is if you're performing in a family restaurant or something like this, this is going to be a good trick that young kids, it's almost like they're playing a game to get to the finale. And very young kids are going to like taking part in this. I also like the fact that the force is incredibly baffling. I remember John Kerry at the hotel next to the Magic Circle showing me like this force and how amazing it could be and how free it seemed. Yeah. But folding up this array of cards into a prediction just doesn't seem possible. So I know that the force is very, very strong as well. And I do like the fact that it uses Lego figures. What do you like about it, Wayne? Well, when you said that, Lego figures, I do love something. It looks like it's popped out of nowhere. It's come to life. And that does bring this to life. It does bring it to life. It's immediately with those kids who you're going to perform. And perhaps not even kids, I think even adults, they're going to pick this up not knowing, you know, because this looks like it's already gone wrong. But this kind of brings it alive. It's not for me, it's not a professional thing. It's something I think maybe you're going to be doing for my performance view. But if you have got a residency and there's kids at the residency, this is my deal. I love that at the end, though. I do love that. What do you like about it, Sean? Yeah, I really like it. Exactly what Wayne was saying there. I was at a residency the other night at a golf club. But on this one random occasion, there was some kids in there. And the guy that was paying me said, I've got some family, some kids there. Have you got anything to show them? And they were at that age where the type of stuff I do wasn't really going to be appropriate for them. And this would have been brilliant. They'd have sat down, like I said, we'd been playing a game with the cards and everything. And they'd really enjoyed it. And they'd probably got more out of this than the 53 Phase Ambushes card routine I showed them. So when we had a chat earlier, we were unanimous on the things we didn't like about it. First of all was the cards. Yeah, they're too small. Yeah, they're very small cards. They're only a little bit bigger than your thumb. They look much bigger in the trailer, in the performance trailer, didn't they? Yeah. They must have little hands. They are very, very, very small. And I think that this isn't just from a visual point of view. I think from a handling point of view, with the spectators handling the cards, you handling the cards, on the table, it could get quite fiddly with these cards. Yeah. Although, it's important to point out that they're actually plastic. Yeah, although I was just going to say that. And they're not going to be laid down on the table. And I think a lot of people at home are going to be thinking, oh, that's got to be laid on the table and a load of beer. They are plastic. I still want to put them in beer, though. You need to close the ground if you need this. No, you're not going to put it on beer. Although, it's a good point, though, you are right, Wayne, I agree with you. The cards, even though they're small, they are very, very nice quality. And they are going to last with kids. Yeah. Like, yesterday I was at the residency, I went to do the Blank-Decky, ambitious card routine on a kid. And they've got like chocolate all over their fingers. From eating this ice cream that had all gone over the side. So that's going to happen if you're doing magic for kids in a restaurant like that. The other thing that was kind of strange about the set that we got, and we all opened it here in front of us, is there's a prediction card on the video. And our set doesn't have the prediction card. I don't know why. The one that actually says so many face-ups, so many face-down. It's about a 40-minute tutorial. It's got subtitles. But the main thing, which is a real shame actually that we don't like about it. I'll show the camera. So, what we've found with our little prediction thing is that... You might have to hold it still so it's more focused. Yeah, I will do. Is that you want your prediction figure to look a little bit out of the ordinary to make it funny. For example, if you had maybe like the army man's head wearing a lady's skirt, it'd look bizarre like it shouldn't happen. What we've had with our prediction, it's like a normal pirate. We've got a guy with long hair with a wooden leg. Stop hogging the camera. He isn't that big. He's like those guys. And the problem is, what is funny is a guy in an army outfit wearing a skirt. That is very funny. Because although you get females in the army these days, they don't wear skirts because they're kind of impractical to use on the battlefield. And yeah, like you said, it just doesn't look as funny as the one that's on the trailer. And I would have liked it to have been a bit more generic and the prediction that was on the trailer being the one that you get supplied. So you might want to either go into your magic shop, your bricks and mortar store, and choose the one that you want, or speak to your magic dealer on the phone if you really like this effect, and see if they've got a couple of different options to what your prediction is going to be. Because this one is not as funny as the one that's on the trailer. No, no. It's a visual sight gag type of thing. The trick's very baffling. It's going to work for young kids, but because of the production, because of the way the Lego figure is supplied and that kind of thing, it really lets it down. Now I've got to tell you, if I saw the trailer and then this one turned up, I'd be disappointed. Yeah, yeah, you would be. That would stop me doing it. Yeah, it's not as funny, because that looks like a woman with a wooden leg. It's almost too perfect, because when you turn the three cards over and you go, this is what the person is, it's like that. It kind of looks like it might be right. It's like the three and a half clubs trick. People go, oh, we couldn't have got that right, because it's the three and a half of clubs. And then you go, nah, I got it. But whereas that, it just looks like a weak magic trick now. There's no journey that the audience goes on with that. Just lets it down. So, yeah, unfortunately, it seemed very positive just watching tutorials and that kind of thing. Once we actually got it out and saw it, it's not quite as strong as we thought it was. But if you got the perfect prediction Lego figure from your bricks and mortar, Murphy's Magic Dealer, and you like the effect, you're not going to be disappointed. How we've had it supplied today, a little bit of a letdown. Still a strong effect, but a little bit of a letdown for me. I'm giving it 61%. Yeah, I'm going to get a little bit more than that. And just give them, just because I'm hoping that those people aren't going to get one of these. That's exactly what I was saying. I'm going to give this 75%. Me too, you know. It is just that I think I'm not going to use it, but I certainly know it could be well used in some of the, if they've got residents, if they've got the kids there, I don't need to perform those residences. For me, I'm still going to give it 76%. Bricks by Akana. First of all, let's have the winner of last week's Rune 101 competition. We asked you about tricks and things that should go into the Magician's Rune 101. And the winner was Adam Wayne Evans. Ta-da! Great sport with the show. And he got drawn out of the hat by my young daughter. And he is the winner who's going to get a lemonade sent. So get in touch with the show, Adam, or send me a Facebook message and we'll get that sent out to you. Do you have any other thoughts about things that should go into Rune 101? Because I've got one. I'm ready for it this week. Oh, no. I'm ready for it. Hold me back. Hold me back. Right. So, what you do on is social media and you post a video of a trick on your business page. Oh. I know where this is going. And magicians and fellow performers going on and talking about the methods, talking about the name of the trick, talking about where to buy it. Magicians going on there going, what's the name of this trick? Where can I buy it? I do this in my routine as well. Yeah, and seriously. On our customers Facebook page, they had to really meet dice stacking. And the guy went on and said, have you got Paul Daniels' permission to do his chocolate routine? Seriously, Paul Daniels stacking dice in my life? There you go. And so, yeah, that was... I couldn't think of a good one last week. I've never touched on it. But that would go into Rune 101. If you've got something about methods or the secret or the name of the trick, or even if it's a compliment, just send the magician a private message. Compliments are okay. Yeah. Well, no. Well, not compliments because if they go, that was a really nice version of the chocolate. Oh, yeah. He's not talking about it. He wants people to say, your hair looks nice, Dave. Yeah. You didn't move well on stage. Yeah. The way you pulled the cloth off that box was incredible. Yeah, just send a private message. If you're going to send a name of the trick, send a private message. We've got nothing nice to say. Don't comment on the guys' business page. And talking about live videos and that kind of thing, this is going out on Wednesday. This, to give it a push as well, there's not many tickets left, but I'm going to be at Leicester. Lancaster Grand. Yeah. This Monday coming up, and the day after, Tuesday, I'll be in Southport, the floral hall. And there's odd seats available. So if you feel like coming along and saying hello and seeing some magic and allusions, I think it's the largest touring allusion show at the moment. It's half-term. It's got some big gear going in this show. And especially the size of venues that you're playing as well, certainly. Yeah. You're in some big places. It's huge. And then the week after, we're at Haymarket. I wish we could have fitted more in, but I'm at Haymarket Theatre in Leicester. And it's with The Greatest Show, and it's a mixture of show songs and magic. But there's like 55 minutes of magic and allusion in the show. So if you want to drag somebody along that likes show songs and kind of go, oh, it's okay. It's all about show songs. But really, you're seeing some magic. That might work out well for you. Anyway, room 101. This one is called Tint. Now, this is by a company called... Choo, choo, choo, choo, choo, choo, choo. And the last thing we reviewed of those was the click card. Do you remember that, Lane? We reviewed that, the card where you took the picture of the card. You were off for that one, Sean. Yeah. But I know you saw it, and the card you took the picture. We had varying levels of success. Yeah. This is a colour-changing box that you get with it. You get the pamphlet. And I just want to check, because although we've watched the tutorial, which is on the back, yes, you do get the gimmick made up. Okay. Because it's not really a special gimmick as such, is it? No. It's not a special gimmick, but the gimmick is partially made. You'd have about 15 minutes with a brand new deck of cards with a cellophane on it. Yeah. And then you would be able to construct your tint gimmick. Now, the tutorial itself... Wayne, over to you. He's abysmal. It is absolutely dreadful, I'm afraid. The camera goes out of shot. The camera goes out of focus. He goes out of shot. It's a camera down... Well, it's not even camera down, is it? It's kind of sort of... It's at an angle, 45-degree angle, and you don't see him. You just see his hands out of focus. And where he's obviously relaxing, showing you how to make this gimmick up, he's leaning back in the chair, and then suddenly someone's obviously telling all his notice of himself falling out, and then he'll lean forward and he'll go, it's out of shot, out of focus, absolutely awful. We're not giving anything away by saying that at some point making your gimmick, you need to do something with a cellophane. And cellophane is transparent. And cellophane that's transparent on a camera that's out of focus, that you have to cut in specific areas, is very difficult to follow. I wouldn't know. I've got to say, I wouldn't know how to make this up without having to watch it possibly four or five times and pausing it... You're absolutely right. I was like, well, I don't know where he's cut that bit of cellophane. And you're actually watching it, and in hindsight, you're thinking, well, it must have been there, it must have been there. Right, it's tough. It makes it tough. It makes it very frustrating to watch the tutorial. What do you think of the change itself, Sean? I think it looks visual. Because we had the effect with sans mimes. I think the thing is, what I don't like about it is... Turnover, mate. Is the wind bobbin up move for me. Yeah. Right, because it doesn't look like magic. There's card case changes, like I was reviewed last week, where the deck changes colour as well, where it's like... As the cards come out, no changes. I don't know why I watched that. I watched that and I went, man, I might do that in my theater show on the big screen. Whereas this one, it's not grey. I don't think it's grey. If it works, it's okay, but there are better versions of the colour-changing case. I think the difference is, because you don't see it change like that, because it changes as you turn it over, I think the spectators are a little bit confused by the effect at the moment it happens. It's like, oh, did you just turn it over? So although you can show the card case both sides, you have to then flip it over like this and then take the cards out of the box, to then give them the card case for them to register that they've actually seen some magic. Yeah, I don't think... I think it's important to say that the cleanup's good for that, though. Yes, it is good. But I don't... So what you're saying is, Wayne, that when you take the cards out of the box, they can examine the box... They can examine the box afterwards, yeah. That was very good. But the visual aspect of it, there are better colour-changing boxes on the market to get that nice visual bang, you know. It resets as well, very, very quickly. Like it says on the back here, he uses real playing card tuck boxes. Simple method and it's a very simple move. You'd be doing it in seconds, wouldn't you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It just says here, there's a detailed tutorial. That's the only bit that I would actually contest. But you get the gimmick inside the box. It is what it is. If you're happy with that wind the bobbin move and then it changing, it might be for you, personally. I didn't think I'd say this, but I prefer the sans mines colour-changing there. It's a lot better. Donald, we are in a different universe now. It is. Donald Trump's president, we're having Brexit, and sans mines are bringing out superior products. What has happened? How much are you going to give it? Why not? You know what, all I've got is one of the bobbin ups on him, yeah. No, I can't hold it. The bobbin up. The bobbin up. Yeah, how much are you going to give it? I'm giving this a 45%. Come on, Wade! 45%. You're winding the way up. 23% from me. 23%. I'm going to give it 32%. It's all right. It's all right. You can do it. When he does it fast, he says on the trailer as well, you can do it from all angles. I don't believe that. You know, you'd be so... I wouldn't be confident with that. Yeah, no way. Last up on this week's show, we have by Jim Rosenbaum, the gecko pro. We have the gecko. We have the gecko extreme, and now we've got the gecko pro. So why did he... Oh, here, look at him. He's off again. It's hairball Wednesday. Hairball Monday. Wednesday. Wednesday. Yeah, it's Wednesday. It's 12 o'clock on Wednesday. 12 o'clock on a Wednesday, isn't it? Yeah. So, Wade, have you ever worked with a gimmick like this before? Have you ever used one? Similar, yes, I have. Raven or anything like that? Raven, yes, I have. I've got to say, I prefer this. I like the quick visuals that you get with it, and that you can pretty much vanish anything's palm size, and it doesn't have to be metallic. Right, yeah, because the Raven, you know, works. One of the things they say about this is no magnets. Exactly. You don't need to use any magnet. And you can pretty much vanish. I love the way we've all agreed that it's so accessible immediately. Right, so we'll try and clarify these points in a moment. So, first of all, you've got a pull, which has got a very unique design. It doesn't use magnets. That does mean, and people will be familiar with the gecko, the gecko can vanish any object, and they do say of any size, pretty much, but we've got an issue with that, that you'd have to be very, very cautious with your camera angles and real life performance. It's definitely the sort of thing that if you filmed it many, many times in front of a camera, yes, you would be able to make very large objects vanish, and you'd find the one that looked great for your social media. In real life, if you're making things vanish very large, like bottles and cans and that kind of thing, you would have to be so careful in front of a live audience, because you would probably flash where it's actually going to. Not just are you going to flash. You stand there and make a can or a bottle vanish. The audience wants to know where it is as well, I think. So even if you made the bottle vanish, you're going to be less so dirty. So what we're saying here is if you're a young magician, you're new to magic, the trailer is pretty much selling. It's selling dreams, but it is just a trailer, and it's showing things like bottles, cans, big boxes of Trident disappearing. This is going to be very difficult to do. Now, for a moment, if you just put that out of your mind and just consider that what you're buying here is a universal pool that is so adaptable to pretty much any object. Not only do you get the gecko, which was the original incarnation of this pool, you get the gecko extreme as well. And that's what I think is good about the gecko pro. You get the original gecko gimmick, then you get the extreme. And the good thing about the extreme is that you can actually... I think you phoned me up, left. Somebody phoned me up, left and right doing that. Was that you? Blammo. Come on. Get rid of it. Come on. Who's the bad boy? We have another hairball on the show for a long time. And with the gecko extreme, it means that very cleanly you can take, so, a bill in your hand, a fiver, cover it over, and then show both hands empty, and cleanly show that it's changed. It's very cool that you don't need any sleeves at all. And it's also really, really good for me that what you were alluding to, Wayne, is you get what Jim refers to as a holster. And the holster means that you can go from having your hands empty, and then sort of show an object, and just in that gesture there, you're then ready to vanish the object using the gecko or the gecko extreme. The last time I used a device like this was the Raven. And that was many, many years ago, and it had been like 20, 21. And I always used to have to do that right at the beginning of my set when I walked up to the table, because it was so fiddly to get the Raven into position. So it'd be the first trip that I did, I'd go up and do that, and then it was gone. That's what you're saying is so great about this. At any point in your set, when you need to get this ready to use, you can very, very cleanly and very, very easily get it right into position, can't you? And I think a lot of people have been online saying, no, what's new, what's new with the Gecko Pro? And some people have said, oh, if you've got the original, you don't need a Gecko Pro. But actually, I do think, having looked at it and reviewed it properly, the fact that you get the Gecko extreme with it, the fact that you get this holster, the fact that you get all these years of extra thought since the original Gecko came out, and Jim does like a 40-minute tutorial. There's no fluff in there, there's no filler, it's like you can just do this, this, this, and this. And at the end of it, I was going, do you know what? I didn't think I was going to like this. But I'm actually thinking, I'm glad I've got a Gecko now. I know there'll be a point that I need it. And when I did a TV show many moons ago, Source was a apprentice, I remember using the Raven just to change one coin into another, and then vanishing the coin. And actually, the TV camera director there loved it because it was so visual, it was like something you could play with in the edit. And I think we forget sometimes as magicians how magical it is just to pick something up and just actually make it disappear. I remember when David Blaine did that first Street Magic special and it came out on New Year's Eve in England, and all my friends, they were talking about two things. There was the levitation, obviously, the other thing that they wanted, you do that thing where you put the coin on the back of the hand and you wave an, on camera, it looks incredible. Bam! And the coin's gone. Those sorts of trips are amazing. And it's fair to say that if you know how a Raven works, you could easily, very easily adapt your Gecko with its holster and all those other bits to do the very same things. But I think the Gecko is superior, and why it's superior, and why I believe it's the best pull that's out there is because of this holster thing that Jim's thought of. It's been produced better than it's ever been produced before. It's very well made. It's going to take some time to get used to it. Like Jim says, and very rarely, fairly says, it might even hurt you a little bit at first. I think it's fair to say that, that it might hurt you a little bit at first while you're getting ready. But at the end of the day, I do think it's the best pull that's out there. Anything more to say, Sean? Completely agreed, yeah, this was superior to other pulls. It really is. I like to say as well, I am well-witched. You do a lot with sleight of hand, don't you Wayne? You do a lot of sleight of hand stuff. This is something that I think I will possibly use. I don't think that, you know, to compliment at the end of an effect, to have it vanish or something, or even a transposition, yeah, I wouldn't use anything else other than that, I reckon. I think it's also the choreography of the vanish means that you can, apparently in the action of isolating something, you are doing the work necessary. Yes, the duty. And I think we forget that from a psychological point of view, from having an object here and then going like this. That's apparently part of the process of isolating it. To then move forward and say, grab my wrists, grab my wrists and then, you know, something just dissolve inside your hand. It's actually a miracle. When your sleeves are rolled up, remember, as well. No sleeves, nothing. It's going to need to be dressed like Wayne is today, but you could have your sleeves rolled up, you could have a hoodie on or something like that. You can sit there and do it like this. You can have your smoke watch on. Yeah. You can see your get old, get in off, lasers coming in. Yeah, it could do. But if you just want to make something disappear and make pretty much anything disappear, the Gekko Pro is a very, very impressive product. And I like that it's complete now. I like that it's got the extreme because the extremes got that extra little bit, that kind of like special tail fin part of the gimmick that allows you to do those extra changes with it. And I think a lot of people have been a little bit negative towards this, but I actually think now it's the complete solution. It's the best pool that's ever got that. They've spent money on it. They've listened to what people have said. They've done some research. They've added a lot more to it and it is very, very well made. It's a lot better than I thought it was going to be. Have a little go with it. It's very, very good actually. We're going to give it though. I'm going to give it 92%. I'm sure I'll use it at some point, even if it's in like a little bit of bits to camera during the show real. Yeah, 93% for me. It's something that I'll probably just wear and wait for an opportunity, you know, just pick something up and go, yeah, 91% from me. I think it's a great thing. That's it this week for the Wizard Product Review. Thank you so much for watching. Looks like the Gecko Pro is the best product of the week, closely followed by Out of the Blue by James Anthony. All the products are available from your favorite Murphys Magic dealer. Until next time on the Wizard Product Review. I'm Dave. And I'm Sean. And I'm Juan. See you next time on the Wizard Product Review.