Why do artists use purple when coloring Why do artists use purple when coloring Why do artists use purple when coloring something yellow? This is part of what something yellow? This is part of what something yellow? This is part of what we call color theory. When you look at we call color theory. When you look at we call color theory. When you look at the color wheel, purple and yellow are the color wheel, purple and yellow are the color wheel, purple and yellow are complementary colors. This is because complementary colors. This is because complementary colors. This is because they're across from each other and have they're across from each other and have they're across from each other and have high contrast. But it also means that high contrast. But it also means that high contrast. But it also means that when used together, they can mute the when used together, they can mute the when used together, they can mute the other color and become a darker shade. other color and become a darker shade. other color and become a darker shade. For this banana, instead of using black, For this banana, instead of using black, For this banana, instead of using black, which can appear flat or overpowering, which can appear flat or overpowering, which can appear flat or overpowering, we can use purple as part of the shadow. we can use purple as part of the shadow. we can use purple as part of the shadow. On the other hand, just using a dark On the other hand, just using a dark On the other hand, just using a dark yellow could be more vibrant, but it yellow could be more vibrant, but it yellow could be more vibrant, but it wouldn't have as much dimension. The wouldn't have as much dimension. The wouldn't have as much dimension. The same can be applied to the stem. Instead same can be applied to the stem. Instead same can be applied to the stem. Instead of just using green, you can use other of just using green, you can use other of just using green, you can use other colors like blue, which is its analogous colors like blue, which is its analogous colors like blue, which is its analogous color, meaning the one next to it on the color, meaning the one next to it on the color, meaning the one next to it on the color wheel. Because it appears more color wheel. Because it appears more color wheel. Because it appears more similar, yet can still create a darker similar, yet can still create a darker similar, yet can still create a darker shade when layered. This applies to all shade when layered. This applies to all shade when layered. This applies to all mediums, but with acrylic markers, you mediums, but with acrylic markers, you mediums, but with acrylic markers, you have to blend them fast since they dry have to blend them fast since they dry have to blend them fast since they dry quickly. It also means it's easier to quickly. It also means it's easier to quickly. It also means it's easier to correct if you accidentally color too correct if you accidentally color too correct if you accidentally color too much or you want to add even more much or you want to add even more much or you want to add even more darkness. And while this takes more time darkness. And while this takes more time darkness. And while this takes more time because it's more colors and more because it's more colors and more because it's more colors and more layers, you can clearly see the layers, you can clearly see the layers, you can clearly see the difference color theory creates.