Happy Monday There are
a lot of relatives around us [Music]
so there is always something or the other that remains. I don't take it
to Vogue. It will
look very beautiful when filtered.
Dude [music] what have you done?
I will change its fate.
How is the fate?
Hello and namaste everyone. How are you all
? Welcome back to Ginny's life. So let's
start today's video. I wanted to
make Namkeen for a long time. So today I decided
that today is the time. So let's make namkeen.
After this we will go to
buy groceries. We take ration for a month together
and today we will
share with you what else we take. So these
namkeens become very crispy and very
tasty. And
sometimes when you are sitting idle in the evening, it
feels great to eat these with tea.
So V was very happy that it was over.
Make it back and keep it aside. So whenever it gets finished,
we do not make it for a few days and then
make it again and keep it.
So, it feels great when we make and keep such tasty things at home.
I will share a recipe of khurma with you all.
That's my mom's.
I ate a lot in my childhood. Whenever we used to
go to the village, we used to take the bus
and have tea on the way
and I used to not take tea with the bus
but I used to eat Khurma while going. It
is made from gram flour and flour. Looks very tasty.
I used to sit near the window of the bus
and would go outside looking at the entire route while
eating Khurma. So I always
loved sitting near the window. So I used to sit like this in the bus
and enjoy the entire journey.
Yes, I remembered it from the trip. V also
shared something with me. Our Karnash also
sleeps very little during the journey. He also
loves to enjoy the entire journey.
I feel like our life is like this too,
that we should enjoy the journey
more than the destination.
So now we have come to DLF Market. There is
no market this time, sorry.
So we have reached DLF and we have to
buy a lot of groceries from here today.
So we have come and let's
see what all we buy in the grocery
and I enjoy buying groceries a bit,
I select each item one by one and buy it for the
whole month.
Come on, come on, come on.
You have to get a tripod.
So let's start shopping.
We have a lot of shopping to do. So each list will have to be taken
care of. First of all I have taken
oats. Do
you want it?
Yes, take this one.
Took the name of coffee.
What am I saying? So makhanas are very
important for our home
because we take makhana with tea
and I give it to Karishma in lunch. I am
buying some packaged spices like
Rajma and Chole Masala. To buy some whole spice
packets as I grind garam masala at home.
So for that I have
also bought some dry spices. So, some spices are
ground at home and some
are bought ready-made. The flour we have taken is Select Sharbati flour. I like
its taste very much and
we have been using it for a long time. Then let's
try that we have taken salty. Well, if we
buy online then we do
n't get anything like get one get by one get one, but offline we
get a lot of options, so it is quite good
and we have to buy some unhealthy ones also.
Like Maggi. Now we eat Maggi sometimes
because it tastes very tasty. But it is
not that I eat it very frequently.
Very rarely, once or twice a month.
So we have done a lot of shopping and
now we have to buy such a chatpatter too. I have also taken the ration. The
curlies also feel great. I take
more. If they like it then they are saying take
more.
What is this? Baking soda was left so
I finally took it.
I can't find B I don't know where to
run the building
I thought I don't know where he went.
This is going to take time.
Anibi
yes, in this
you will have to do only one thing, we are going after making the
payment, okay,
you send it to you in the empty way in this way,
okay sir, no
problem, we will give you the vehicle number, okay I will take it daily, okay
I will call you, so
we have taken all the ration
but many things get
finished early, so we reorder them
online
because these days we have a blanket in the house every day.
Like milk, curd
, cheese and many other things.
We have to order it online only.
So after buying groceries, we went to
have tea and potato patties.
After that we left for home. There
is a little rush on the road due to the weekend. to
open.
What to open? Show me. To
kill
this, yes give it, take it
not now but later, I will make it to the
village,
good morning everyone and happy Monday
and this is the first Monday of Sawan,
I like the month of Sawan very much. I have
told you guys many times. So I had taken a
bath and right now I have to do the
puja and whatever I mean the puja items are,
I had cleaned them a long time ago but it happens that
all those brass and bronze
items get a little bit dirty, I
mean they get spoilt by water, so
I will clean them once more and
then we will do the puja etc. and today our
food menu is vegetable puri,
bhandara ki sabji and puri, it has been a long time since
I have come to this house so
I have not cooked it, so today I will cook the same thing
and yes don't say that I keep eating such puri that is why I am making
rotis. Yes,
you can say this but I will keep it
within limits, like if I make Puri then I will eat one Puri and
not after that. Everyone else is at home
and I have a lot of people at home. It is
not like that, if we are three then we are only
three. Meaning there are a lot of people.
So there are many relatives around us too.
So, one or the other always remains.
I don't take it to Vogue. So that's why
more food is cooked. You say
why more food is cooked for two people? That's why it is
made. So I thought since today is Monday, I will
cook a little more food. There are other
people in the house too, everyone will eat together.
So in the morning we dropped Karish to school.
He is in school now. If he gets leave now,
he will also get full vegetables. So
he likes it very much. I don't even feel like making kheer.
So let's see what happens when we make kheer.
First let us see what V is doing
because V has not talked to you guys
directly for a long time.
So let's go and meet him first.
So we are sitting here. What are
you doing?
I have ordered Karish light. He was the one checking
whether it was in good condition or not.
His for the bicycle? This is the front light. This
is the back light. We like the
light very much. I mean,
he rides his bicycle at night to carry his stuff, sometimes
in the dark, so by the way,
hello everyone. I hope
you all are doing very well. And today is the first Monday of Sawan.
So best wishes to everyone for Sawan
and may everyone have a great Sawan. Let it be green.
As in
full of colors. Be
full of colours. It feels good in the month of Sawan too, friend. The
big market gets decorated and
festivals start arriving.
And if it is a women's festival then it is good. It is
good. All the
festivals are for women only. When I look, there is no
festival. [laughter] That
sounds good. We also like it.
Like that day we went to the bangle
market. So many women
and let me tell you one surprising thing that
18 year old boys are buying bangles for their girlfriends
[laughs].
Brother, this trend is not of our time. It is a
trend of bangles.
I have seen this for the first time that 16, 17, 18
year old boys are buying bangles
for girls. This is a
good thing. They are buying bangles.
What a nice gift.
Yes, it is right.
Why are you regretting that you could
not get bangles? It is a
trend, isn't it?
Yes,
friend, why do you follow everyone? The
trend of bangles has just started. Anyway, the trend of bangles has
come in front of my eyes since a year or two ago. I
know, should I
say that I have bought them?
I did not bring them brother,
I have brought them.
Yes, it is your contribution. I just get
you bangles wherever you ask me. But I actually
saw it in the market the other day. Brother,
16 year old boys are buying bangles for girls. I am
seeing
boys [laughs].
Actually, Jain ji, you are
learning from the millennials. I feel that you are
right. Yes,
they are learning
but are following,
we are saying the right thing, you are saying the right thing, friend, the
smart generation is updated,
what do they say, the desires that are hidden inside you,
they are fulfilling them openly, couldn't you get me
bangles or anything brother, couldn't you get me
anything at that time, it was such a big sin to have a
girlfriend, it was a sin, it was a
big thing, tell me why it was a sin at
that time brother, nowadays it is a matter, it was a
sin at that time, it is at
that time, where are you going, you should
not go out after 6:00 pm.
Boys were not allowed to do this. I am
talking about the boys of 6:00 only.
So both boys and girls can roam around.
Is equal.
I am saying both of you can go out
brother.
That is equal, right?
Brother, there were a lot of restrictions in our time.
Your parents used to stop us. Is
n't it good?
My younger ones can't stop my younger brother. Think.
Yes yes, so he is a judge, right?
Yes, that's right.
You are two generations. There is a judge and there is a
millennium.
Millennias. [laughter]
Okay, whatever it is, it's great.
I am thinking about eating well. What
Aloo Bhandara wala and Poo
very good and a little bit of curd
also with it
curd curd bura
in your UP we eat a lot of curd bura dahi bura dahi
bura is cold though it is
good with food so
I am leaving quickly, it is the
puja of the first Monday of Savan so I thought let's
order some sweets and after the puja we will
distribute it among everyone so here I have
ordered pistachio barfi, I am starting to like pistachio barfi quite a lot.
Earlier I did
not like it at all and I do
not eat sweets or sugary things in large quantities. Personally,
I don't like sweets at all. But it happens that
sometimes I have a strong craving and I
eat it, like
once or twice a month. So the puja was ours.
I put sunlight in the entire house, this sunlight is absolutely
natural. It smells very nice.
So the whole house becomes completely fresh.
So let's make our lunch now. And for lunch
we are making the Bhandara vegetable,
right? So we will mash the potatoes a little and keep them
one by one. And for this we
need tomatoes and green chillies. Cut into long pieces.
Garlic and onion are not added at all in this recipe. Only then does it
taste like the vegetable from the Bhandara. And the masala includes
basic spices like coriander, turmeric, chilli
and my home-ground garam masala. If
you want my Garam Masala recipe then
I will share it with you guys in the upcoming video.
And this water like thing that I am adding is
asafoetida soaked in water. So
you can also call it asafoetida potatoes.
Like potatoes with asafoetida are made in Vrindavan.
Exactly like that. So they
look quite tasty. You should try it once. In the
same manner, we will add water
and a little salt and
let it cook well. Well, you know, whatever
festival it is, I celebrate it with great joy
and
instead of following its rituals, I do it in my
own way. Like you have done the puja
normally and very well, do not follow anything like do this and do that.
Prepare something nice at home and keep the environment of the entire house
beautiful, lovely
and positive. And look here,
I had taken a snapshot in the name of Positive
for cleaning and here she is
wearing green bangles in the month of Sawan. I mean, every woman
enjoys it [music] so well.
I think finding joy in every little thing is the
best thing [music].
I took a video of his hands.
He liked it very much. She was having
me shoot videos after work with such good [music].
I liked it very much.
So it's evening and I'm
craving tea. We did not
drink tea and neither was I getting mehendi applied. Like
one such circle was made. The color of the mehndi was
not good at all. I mean,
I don't know which
brand of henna it was. I don't know if I have ever had it done.
But its color was
not coming out that good. Kaveri, the place
where I get my mehendi applied
is the market, the colour is very
good there and they apply it very beautifully
[sangeet] so I will
go there only because it is the first mehendi of Sawan so
I have thought of a very beautiful design,
I will get it applied like that and will go today itself to
apply [sangeet] and I have some stuff
for the house, a lot of things have been collected, I mean I have to
unbox them, so I
unbox all those things. Let's see what things
I have ordered. [Music]
I've brought some of it from
Smart Ba. I have brought some items from the home centre
and some are mixed. It is
mother's. I also ordered some [music] online.
So they unbox all the things.
And
I needed a grinder mixer for my kitchen. So
I didn't understand the brand. So I
searched thoroughly and ordered a good
brand. You tell me how he is.
Ok. So let's unbox all the stuff [music].
So let's go quickly. After that,
we will ask V to make tea. [Music]
Then he'll make tea, so we'll drink it. Let's go now. I should take the
camera.
V
what Kannu what? So all this stuff
is kept. We ordered this for the balcony. There
are some chairs and we still have to unbox all the stuff.
So let's see. Keep
collecting them one by one. We thought that one
day we will sit down at leisure and unbox it and
show you all what all we have
ordered. If something is useful then you can also take it.
Yes. This
grinder was our previous one from Flips.
Yes. This time we have taken the boss's.
Yes, because we had read very good reviews about it.
Yes, its reviews were good.
Yes. I mean, I haven't spent many days without the
grinder. If
you grind spices etc. then they will be ground very finely. Isn't it
? I do
n't have khada masala at home anyway and the
previous one was also good but ours is okay.
This is what I think. I bought it from the home centre. There
is a frame. I
took this yesterday.
Yes.
Okay, this one. Yes, there are
many photos of this size.
Yes, that's why I took it. I had
brought another one like this. I have put up a childhood photo of V.
And that's pretty good.
This looks very beautiful.
What is this about Mantra?
I have ordered a bedsheet in this. Open it once and
see.
So I have ordered this in full king size.
Well, I have seen most of these in white colour. I will
order the light in the same colour.
But this is also a light color but it is a
little dark in it, I will show it below,
look it is here, the
print will
look very beautiful when spread,
we have brought this table
which we needed for there, there are
two of them,
one is small size for the balcony and one is its big size, we
make it there by keeping the Ashram below,
so whatever assembling stuff comes in the house,
I do not do it, V and Jaji do it together,
Jaji is not my brother-in-law's name.
We call him Jenji because he is from the
Jeji generation. Just because, okay? And
he does not like to come in front of the camera
and does not like to reveal his name like this. So that's why
we call him Judge.
I enjoy this. What is this, to tighten
any wooden thing. It
seems like you are working in some company. I
know brother,
this is our business of tightening stools. It is
fun because you are
doing it for a short time now. Regular [laughs]
salary is taken in the evening,
workers must be tired after work, so
order burgers for them. After eating the burger, we did the unboxing again.
I have ordered these Pata slippers for Karnish but they
are too small because Karnish's feet are
bigger than his age. So we just
put it on the exchange. Binder and open it.
So
this table is our next product. Yes. Let
me show you the table first. I am
not able to understand its colour. Maybe
I'll whitewash it. It
is white paint. I'll whitewash it.
Yes. Ambulatory.
So
how many of these grinders do we have come with right now?
This one, two, three and one, this is four. Is
n't it four?
With the first one we had three, right? There were
three. Yes.
So our previous grinder was
also very good. So we gave it to our house
because theirs had got damaged. So
we said why would you buy a new one?
Yes. Because he was also doing very good work.
But this time we took something even more powerful than that.
Yes. Because we do a lot of
grinding and other things like that. Spices are also consumed at home.
This is good. This one is for him.
Like you have to extract juice etc. It is
for him.
Well this too.
So I could understand two brands of
grinders. One is Sujata which is a very old
brand and is very good. Well,
I got a very good review for it.
I asked around whoever was using it
and also searched a lot online. One is Sujata
and the other is this Bosch one. So I
got a very good review of it. Meaning, you
can say a little bit like this. So then we
went for this because neither such things nor
electronic ones, I think
after searching thoroughly and buying this, people will buy it, I think it will
last for at least seven to eight years. It will work
fine. Yes, it will work very well, friend.
This is good. Please
show it like this once. He is a little
taller in height etc.
and this is something like this.
Correct.
Its look is also good.
we we you put it in it now. I'm just going to get it
all washed. Yes, after getting it
washed,
yes sir, you also leave it out. Get it washed, it has already
come out. I just put it in there like this.
We are telling you to sleep for a while. So he is
not sleeping. He is saying that
my birthday will not come until I sleep. What
happened? Give me that bread. I
want Kuru, Kundru,
yes give me the whole vegetable.
Yes, I am just giving it. If you give it, it will be done accordingly.
So Karishma is feeling hungry again in the evening.
I was thinking of
making something else for Karishma in the evening. So we will have tea now. It was
almost 5:00. Oh yes, the chair
opened. I will show you the chair.
Our chair has become open.
So our chair is ready. Come Ragini, sit down.
How are you going to fit in this? Wow, what a chair.
We ordered a nice chair online.
You add it to it.
Japani. Even
you will not be able to sit in it.
What are you making me sit on?
Come sit brother. Come.
Yes, bring it.
Give it here. Give it to me.
Wear these screws
look very beautiful. Meaning, it is exactly like what we
saw in the video. It
looks good in Ragini. It is a very
decent size. Will
you bring the toolbox?
Where it is? It will be
in my room. See
Where's the Toolbox? Is it the
yellow one or the black one? The
younger brother in yellow will follow.
Back
yes yes yes hey here's the
tool box.
Where will these be installed?
So this chair is completely ready. It
became tight.
Ok. Do you feel comfortable sitting and watching
?
So we had seen many balcony chairs in the home centre earlier also. When
we saw that it was a bit costly, we
thought of trying something online.
So we liked it. And I
also like the products of Iiya.
He makes the descent.
What would you say about this? Regarding this,
we just needed it in a hurry so we took it.
This is very reasonable. But
please do something about its colour.
If only its colour was white then it would have gone
with it.
I will change its fate right now.
How are we destined? Where are you taking my table? I am
bringing it in a while.
Tell me what are you going to do?
Hey, I am bringing it. Are you going to
wash it?
Million [laughs] the
season is over, friend, it doesn't get water, it is
summer season,
yes it does happen, right now it is not flowering
but the
milliam heat doesn't go anywhere,
move aside,
I grow many plants with a button [laughs]
which plants do you grow, tell me
brother, pour water on it, friend, climb on it, move aside
friend, what have you done,
just look
white,
you said you want white, so we will make it white, it will look
good like this too friend, white, by the way,
yes white will look good,
brown was not looking good to me,
we were
painting the table outside and I am
allergic to the spray they use, I get breathing issues, so
he was doing it with the door closed
and I find this thing about him very cute. Whenever
I tell him anything,
he immediately starts doing it.
Meaning I did not ask for paint.
I just said that I like the white table very much
and it started raining outside. It was a
very sharp table that has been painted well.
Meaning it has deteriorated a bit. But no
problem, I am sitting comfortably outside also. I am enjoying it.
We will make tea in a while.
We have set up our chairs
in the balcony. I'll show you later. It is
almost evening. And the
table that they were painting, they have not
spoiled it. Meaning there was a tissue in hand. When
the tissue fell, it got covered in dust.
Now while cleaning that dust, the
paint has become strange in the middle but still we have made it plain
white. For that we will
bring some runners from upstairs and spread them and the
balcony is looking very nice. It seems
decent right now. And tomorrow we will
set it up properly because right now clothes etc. are
washed in the balcony only. So
we will wash it in the
washroom in Karnish's room. No
clothes will be washed here.
So this entire area will remain empty and will
look good. So right now I am going to make
tea. See you in the next video. Till then
take care and bye. Make
sure to like the video and comment. To give lots of
love. I will meet you guys
in the next video. Bye-bye.
Shall I
make tea? The
tea is being kept [music]. Did
you keep it?
Oh wow. Say bye to everyone. Bye. Take
care!
