Happy Monday There are Happy Monday There are Happy Monday There are a lot of relatives around us [Music] a lot of relatives around us [Music] a lot of relatives around us [Music] so there is always something or the other that remains.  I don't take it so there is always something or the other that remains.  I don't take it so there is always something or the other that remains.  I don't take it to Vogue.   It will to Vogue.   It will to Vogue.   It will look very beautiful when filtered. look very beautiful when filtered. look very beautiful when filtered. Dude [music] what have you done? Dude [music] what have you done? Dude [music] what have you done? I will change its fate. I will change its fate. I will change its fate. How is the fate? How is the fate? How is the fate? Hello and namaste everyone.  How are you all Hello and namaste everyone.  How are you all Hello and namaste everyone.  How are you all ?  Welcome back to Ginny's life.  So let's ?  Welcome back to Ginny's life.  So let's ?  Welcome back to Ginny's life.  So let's start today's video.  I wanted to start today's video.  I wanted to start today's video.  I wanted to make Namkeen for a long time.  So today I decided make Namkeen for a long time.  So today I decided make Namkeen for a long time.  So today I decided that today is the time.  So let's make namkeen. that today is the time.  So let's make namkeen. that today is the time.  So let's make namkeen. After this we will go to After this we will go to After this we will go to buy groceries.  We take ration for a month together buy groceries.  We take ration for a month together buy groceries.  We take ration for a month together and today we will and today we will and today we will share with you what else we take.  So these share with you what else we take.  So these share with you what else we take.  So these namkeens become very crispy and very namkeens become very crispy and very namkeens become very crispy and very tasty.  And tasty.  And tasty.  And sometimes when you are sitting idle in the evening, it sometimes when you are sitting idle in the evening, it sometimes when you are sitting idle in the evening, it feels great to eat these with tea. feels great to eat these with tea. feels great to eat these with tea. So V was very happy that it was over. So V was very happy that it was over. So V was very happy that it was over. Make it back and keep it aside.  So whenever it gets finished, Make it back and keep it aside.  So whenever it gets finished, Make it back and keep it aside.  So whenever it gets finished, we do not make it for a few days and then we do not make it for a few days and then we do not make it for a few days and then make it again and keep it. make it again and keep it. make it again and keep it. So, it feels great when we make and keep such tasty things at home. So, it feels great when we make and keep such tasty things at home. I will share a recipe of khurma with you all. I will share a recipe of khurma with you all. I will share a recipe of khurma with you all. That's my mom's. That's my mom's. That's my mom's. I ate a lot in my childhood.  Whenever we used to I ate a lot in my childhood.  Whenever we used to I ate a lot in my childhood.  Whenever we used to go to the village, we used to take the bus go to the village, we used to take the bus go to the village, we used to take the bus and have tea on the way and have tea on the way and have tea on the way and I used to not take tea with the bus and I used to not take tea with the bus and I used to not take tea with the bus but I used to eat Khurma while going.  It but I used to eat Khurma while going.  It but I used to eat Khurma while going.  It is made from gram flour and flour.  Looks very tasty. is made from gram flour and flour.  Looks very tasty. is made from gram flour and flour.  Looks very tasty. I used to sit near the window of the bus I used to sit near the window of the bus I used to sit near the window of the bus and would go outside looking at the entire route while and would go outside looking at the entire route while and would go outside looking at the entire route while eating Khurma.  So I always eating Khurma.  So I always eating Khurma.  So I always loved sitting near the window.  So I used to sit like this in the bus loved sitting near the window.  So I used to sit like this in the bus loved sitting near the window.  So I used to sit like this in the bus and enjoy the entire journey. and enjoy the entire journey. and enjoy the entire journey. Yes, I remembered it from the trip.  V also Yes, I remembered it from the trip.  V also Yes, I remembered it from the trip.  V also shared something with me.  Our Karnash also shared something with me.  Our Karnash also shared something with me.  Our Karnash also sleeps very little during the journey.  He also sleeps very little during the journey.  He also sleeps very little during the journey.  He also loves to enjoy the entire journey. loves to enjoy the entire journey. loves to enjoy the entire journey. I feel like our life is like this too, I feel like our life is like this too, I feel like our life is like this too, that we should enjoy the journey that we should enjoy the journey that we should enjoy the journey more than the destination. So now we have come to DLF Market.  There is So now we have come to DLF Market.  There is So now we have come to DLF Market.  There is no market this time, sorry. no market this time, sorry. no market this time, sorry. So we have reached DLF and we have to So we have reached DLF and we have to So we have reached DLF and we have to buy a lot of groceries from here today. buy a lot of groceries from here today. buy a lot of groceries from here today. So we have come and let's So we have come and let's So we have come and let's see what all we buy in the grocery see what all we buy in the grocery see what all we buy in the grocery and I enjoy buying groceries a bit, and I enjoy buying groceries a bit, and I enjoy buying groceries a bit, I select each item one by one and buy it for the I select each item one by one and buy it for the I select each item one by one and buy it for the whole month. whole month. whole month. Come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on, come on. You have to get a tripod. So let's start shopping. So let's start shopping. So let's start shopping. We have a lot of shopping to do.  So each list will have to be taken We have a lot of shopping to do.  So each list will have to be taken We have a lot of shopping to do.  So each list will have to be taken care of.  First of all I have taken care of.  First of all I have taken care of.  First of all I have taken oats.   Do oats.   Do oats.   Do you want it? you want it? you want it? Yes, take this one. Yes, take this one. Yes, take this one. Took the name of coffee. Took the name of coffee. Took the name of coffee. What am I saying?  So makhanas are very What am I saying?  So makhanas are very What am I saying?  So makhanas are very important for our home important for our home important for our home because we take makhana with tea because we take makhana with tea because we take makhana with tea and I give it to Karishma in lunch.   I am and I give it to Karishma in lunch.   I am and I give it to Karishma in lunch.   I am buying some packaged spices like buying some packaged spices like buying some packaged spices like Rajma and Chole Masala.  To buy some whole spice Rajma and Chole Masala.  To buy some whole spice Rajma and Chole Masala.  To buy some whole spice packets as I grind garam masala at home. packets as I grind garam masala at home. packets as I grind garam masala at home. So for that I have So for that I have So for that I have also bought some dry spices.  So, some spices are also bought some dry spices.  So, some spices are also bought some dry spices.  So, some spices are ground at home and some ground at home and some ground at home and some are bought ready-made.  The flour we have taken is Select Sharbati flour.   I like are bought ready-made.  The flour we have taken is Select Sharbati flour.   I like are bought ready-made.  The flour we have taken is Select Sharbati flour.   I like its taste very much and its taste very much and its taste very much and we have been using it for a long time.  Then let's we have been using it for a long time.  Then let's we have been using it for a long time.  Then let's try that we have taken salty.  Well, if we try that we have taken salty.  Well, if we try that we have taken salty.  Well, if we buy online then we do buy online then we do buy online then we do n't get anything like get one get by one get one, but offline we n't get anything like get one get by one get one, but offline we n't get anything like get one get by one get one, but offline we get a lot of options, so it is quite good get a lot of options, so it is quite good get a lot of options, so it is quite good and we have to buy some unhealthy ones also. and we have to buy some unhealthy ones also. and we have to buy some unhealthy ones also. Like Maggi.  Now we eat Maggi sometimes Like Maggi.  Now we eat Maggi sometimes Like Maggi.  Now we eat Maggi sometimes because it tastes very tasty.  But it is because it tastes very tasty.  But it is because it tastes very tasty.  But it is not that I eat it very frequently. not that I eat it very frequently. not that I eat it very frequently. Very rarely, once or twice a month. Very rarely, once or twice a month. Very rarely, once or twice a month. So we have done a lot of shopping and So we have done a lot of shopping and So we have done a lot of shopping and now we have to buy such a chatpatter too.  I have also taken the ration.   The now we have to buy such a chatpatter too.  I have also taken the ration.   The curlies also feel great.   I take curlies also feel great.   I take curlies also feel great.   I take more.  If they like it then they are saying take more.  If they like it then they are saying take more.  If they like it then they are saying take more. more. more. What is this?  Baking soda was left so What is this?  Baking soda was left so What is this?  Baking soda was left so I finally took it. I finally took it. I finally took it. I can't find B I don't know where to I can't find B I don't know where to I can't find B I don't know where to run the building I thought I don't know where he went. I thought I don't know where he went. I thought I don't know where he went. This is going to take time. Anibi Anibi Anibi yes, in this yes, in this yes, in this you will have to do only one thing, we are going after making the you will have to do only one thing, we are going after making the you will have to do only one thing, we are going after making the payment, okay, payment, okay, payment, okay, you send it to you in the empty way in this way, you send it to you in the empty way in this way, you send it to you in the empty way in this way, okay sir, no okay sir, no okay sir, no problem, we will give you the vehicle number, okay I will take it daily, okay problem, we will give you the vehicle number, okay I will take it daily, okay I will call you, so we have taken all the ration we have taken all the ration we have taken all the ration but many things get but many things get but many things get finished early, so we reorder them finished early, so we reorder them finished early, so we reorder them online online online because these days we have a blanket in the house every day. because these days we have a blanket in the house every day. because these days we have a blanket in the house every day. Like milk, curd Like milk, curd Like milk, curd , cheese and many other things. , cheese and many other things. , cheese and many other things. We have to order it online only. We have to order it online only. We have to order it online only. So after buying groceries, we went to So after buying groceries, we went to So after buying groceries, we went to have tea and potato patties. have tea and potato patties. have tea and potato patties. After that we left for home.   There After that we left for home.   There After that we left for home.   There is a little rush on the road due to the weekend.   to is a little rush on the road due to the weekend.   to is a little rush on the road due to the weekend.   to open. open. open. What to open?  Show me.   To What to open?  Show me.   To What to open?  Show me.   To kill this, yes give it, take it this, yes give it, take it this, yes give it, take it not now but later, I will make it to the not now but later, I will make it to the not now but later, I will make it to the village, village, village, good morning everyone and happy Monday good morning everyone and happy Monday good morning everyone and happy Monday and this is the first Monday of Sawan, and this is the first Monday of Sawan, and this is the first Monday of Sawan, I like the month of Sawan very much.  I have I like the month of Sawan very much.  I have I like the month of Sawan very much.  I have told you guys many times.  So I had taken a told you guys many times.  So I had taken a told you guys many times.  So I had taken a bath and right now I have to do the bath and right now I have to do the bath and right now I have to do the puja and whatever I mean the puja items are, puja and whatever I mean the puja items are, puja and whatever I mean the puja items are, I had cleaned them a long time ago but it happens that I had cleaned them a long time ago but it happens that I had cleaned them a long time ago but it happens that all those brass and bronze all those brass and bronze all those brass and bronze items get a little bit dirty, I items get a little bit dirty, I items get a little bit dirty, I mean they get spoilt by water, so mean they get spoilt by water, so mean they get spoilt by water, so I will clean them once more and I will clean them once more and I will clean them once more and then we will do the puja etc. and today our then we will do the puja etc. and today our then we will do the puja etc. and today our food menu is vegetable puri, food menu is vegetable puri, food menu is vegetable puri, bhandara ki sabji and puri, it has been a long time since bhandara ki sabji and puri, it has been a long time since bhandara ki sabji and puri, it has been a long time since I have come to this house so I have come to this house so I have come to this house so I have not cooked it, so today I will cook the same thing I have not cooked it, so today I will cook the same thing I have not cooked it, so today I will cook the same thing and yes don't say that I keep eating such puri that is why I am making and yes don't say that I keep eating such puri that is why I am making and yes don't say that I keep eating such puri that is why I am making rotis.  Yes, rotis.  Yes, rotis.  Yes, you can say this but I will keep it you can say this but I will keep it you can say this but I will keep it within limits, like if I make Puri then I will eat one Puri and within limits, like if I make Puri then I will eat one Puri and within limits, like if I make Puri then I will eat one Puri and not after that.  Everyone else is at home not after that.  Everyone else is at home not after that.  Everyone else is at home and I have a lot of people at home.  It is and I have a lot of people at home.  It is and I have a lot of people at home.  It is not like that, if we are three then we are only not like that, if we are three then we are only not like that, if we are three then we are only three.  Meaning there are a lot of people. three.  Meaning there are a lot of people. three.  Meaning there are a lot of people. So there are many relatives around us too. So there are many relatives around us too. So there are many relatives around us too. So, one or the other always remains. So, one or the other always remains. So, one or the other always remains. I don't take it to Vogue.  So that's why I don't take it to Vogue.  So that's why I don't take it to Vogue.  So that's why more food is cooked.  You say more food is cooked.  You say more food is cooked.  You say why more food is cooked for two people?  That's why it is why more food is cooked for two people?  That's why it is why more food is cooked for two people?  That's why it is made.  So I thought since today is Monday, I will made.  So I thought since today is Monday, I will made.  So I thought since today is Monday, I will cook a little more food.  There are other cook a little more food.  There are other cook a little more food.  There are other people in the house too, everyone will eat together. people in the house too, everyone will eat together. people in the house too, everyone will eat together. So in the morning we dropped Karish to school. So in the morning we dropped Karish to school. So in the morning we dropped Karish to school. He is in school now.  If he gets leave now, He is in school now.  If he gets leave now, He is in school now.  If he gets leave now, he will also get full vegetables.  So he will also get full vegetables.  So he will also get full vegetables.  So he likes it very much.  I don't even feel like making kheer. he likes it very much.  I don't even feel like making kheer. he likes it very much.  I don't even feel like making kheer. So let's see what happens when we make kheer. So let's see what happens when we make kheer. So let's see what happens when we make kheer. First let us see what V is doing First let us see what V is doing First let us see what V is doing because V has not talked to you guys because V has not talked to you guys because V has not talked to you guys directly for a long time. directly for a long time. directly for a long time. So let's go and meet him first. So let's go and meet him first. So let's go and meet him first. So we are sitting here.  What are So we are sitting here.  What are So we are sitting here.  What are you doing? you doing? you doing? I have ordered Karish light.  He was the one checking I have ordered Karish light.  He was the one checking I have ordered Karish light.  He was the one checking whether it was in good condition or not. whether it was in good condition or not. whether it was in good condition or not. His for the bicycle?  This is the front light.  This His for the bicycle?  This is the front light.  This His for the bicycle?  This is the front light.  This is the back light.  We like the is the back light.  We like the is the back light.  We like the light very much.  I mean, light very much.  I mean, he rides his bicycle at night to carry his stuff, sometimes he rides his bicycle at night to carry his stuff, sometimes he rides his bicycle at night to carry his stuff, sometimes in the dark, so by the way, in the dark, so by the way, in the dark, so by the way, hello everyone.  I hope hello everyone.  I hope hello everyone.  I hope you all are doing very well.  And today is the first Monday of Sawan. you all are doing very well.  And today is the first Monday of Sawan. So best wishes to everyone for Sawan So best wishes to everyone for Sawan So best wishes to everyone for Sawan and may everyone have a great Sawan.  Let it be green. and may everyone have a great Sawan.  Let it be green. and may everyone have a great Sawan.  Let it be green. As in As in As in full of colors.   Be full of colors.   Be full of colors.   Be full of colours.  It feels good in the month of Sawan too, friend.  The full of colours.  It feels good in the month of Sawan too, friend.  The full of colours.  It feels good in the month of Sawan too, friend.  The big market gets decorated and big market gets decorated and big market gets decorated and festivals start arriving. festivals start arriving. festivals start arriving. And if it is a women's festival then it is good.   It is And if it is a women's festival then it is good.   It is good.  All the good.  All the good.  All the festivals are for women only.  When I look, there is no festivals are for women only.  When I look, there is no festivals are for women only.  When I look, there is no festival.  [laughter] That festival.  [laughter] That festival.  [laughter] That sounds good.  We also like it. sounds good.  We also like it. sounds good.  We also like it. Like that day we went to the bangle Like that day we went to the bangle Like that day we went to the bangle market.  So many women market.  So many women market.  So many women and let me tell you one surprising thing that and let me tell you one surprising thing that and let me tell you one surprising thing that 18 year old boys are buying bangles for their girlfriends 18 year old boys are buying bangles for their girlfriends 18 year old boys are buying bangles for their girlfriends [laughs]. [laughs]. [laughs]. Brother, this trend is not of our time. It is a Brother, this trend is not of our time. It is a Brother, this trend is not of our time. It is a trend of bangles. trend of bangles. trend of bangles. I have seen this for the first time that 16, 17, 18 I have seen this for the first time that 16, 17, 18 I have seen this for the first time that 16, 17, 18 year old boys are buying bangles year old boys are buying bangles year old boys are buying bangles for girls. This is a for girls. This is a for girls. This is a good thing. They are buying bangles. good thing. They are buying bangles. good thing. They are buying bangles. What a nice gift. What a nice gift. What a nice gift. Yes, it is right. Yes, it is right. Yes, it is right. Why are you regretting that you could Why are you regretting that you could Why are you regretting that you could not get bangles? It is a not get bangles? It is a not get bangles? It is a trend, isn't it? trend, isn't it? trend, isn't it? Yes, Yes, Yes, friend, why do you follow everyone? The friend, why do you follow everyone? The friend, why do you follow everyone? The trend of bangles has just started. Anyway, the trend of bangles has trend of bangles has just started. Anyway, the trend of bangles has come in front of my eyes since a year or two ago. I come in front of my eyes since a year or two ago. I come in front of my eyes since a year or two ago. I know, should I know, should I know, should I say that I have bought them? say that I have bought them? say that I have bought them? I did not bring them brother, I did not bring them brother, I did not bring them brother, I have brought them. I have brought them. I have brought them. Yes, it is your contribution. I just get Yes, it is your contribution. I just get Yes, it is your contribution. I just get you bangles wherever you ask me. But I actually you bangles wherever you ask me. But I actually saw it in the market the other day. Brother, saw it in the market the other day. Brother, 16 year old boys are buying bangles for girls. I am 16 year old boys are buying bangles for girls. I am 16 year old boys are buying bangles for girls. I am seeing seeing seeing boys [laughs]. boys [laughs]. boys [laughs]. Actually, Jain ji, you are Actually, Jain ji, you are Actually, Jain ji, you are learning from the millennials. I feel that you are learning from the millennials. I feel that you are learning from the millennials. I feel that you are right.  Yes, right.  Yes, right.  Yes, they are learning they are learning they are learning but are following, but are following, but are following, we are saying the right thing, you are saying the right thing, friend, the we are saying the right thing, you are saying the right thing, friend, the we are saying the right thing, you are saying the right thing, friend, the smart generation is updated, smart generation is updated, smart generation is updated, what do they say, the desires that are hidden inside you, what do they say, the desires that are hidden inside you, what do they say, the desires that are hidden inside you, they are fulfilling them openly, couldn't you get me they are fulfilling them openly, couldn't you get me they are fulfilling them openly, couldn't you get me bangles or anything brother, couldn't you get me bangles or anything brother, couldn't you get me bangles or anything brother, couldn't you get me anything at that time, it was such a big sin to have a anything at that time, it was such a big sin to have a anything at that time, it was such a big sin to have a girlfriend, it was a sin, it was a girlfriend, it was a sin, it was a girlfriend, it was a sin, it was a big thing, tell me why it was a sin at big thing, tell me why it was a sin at big thing, tell me why it was a sin at that time brother, nowadays it is a matter, it was a that time brother, nowadays it is a matter, it was a that time brother, nowadays it is a matter, it was a sin at that time, it is at sin at that time, it is at sin at that time, it is at that time, where are you going, you should that time, where are you going, you should that time, where are you going, you should not go out after 6:00 pm. not go out after 6:00 pm. not go out after 6:00 pm. Boys were not allowed to do this.  I am Boys were not allowed to do this.  I am Boys were not allowed to do this.  I am talking about the boys of 6:00 only. talking about the boys of 6:00 only. talking about the boys of 6:00 only. So both boys and girls can roam around. So both boys and girls can roam around. So both boys and girls can roam around. Is equal. Is equal. Is equal. I am saying both of you can go out I am saying both of you can go out I am saying both of you can go out brother. brother. brother. That is equal, right? That is equal, right? That is equal, right? Brother, there were a lot of restrictions in our time. Brother, there were a lot of restrictions in our time. Brother, there were a lot of restrictions in our time. Your parents used to stop us.   Is Your parents used to stop us.   Is Your parents used to stop us.   Is n't it good? n't it good? n't it good? My younger ones can't stop my younger brother.  Think. My younger ones can't stop my younger brother.  Think. Yes yes, so he is a judge, right? Yes yes, so he is a judge, right? Yes yes, so he is a judge, right? Yes, that's right. Yes, that's right. Yes, that's right. You are two generations.  There is a judge and there is a You are two generations.  There is a judge and there is a You are two generations.  There is a judge and there is a millennium. millennium. millennium. Millennias.  [laughter] Millennias.  [laughter] Millennias.  [laughter] Okay, whatever it is, it's great. Okay, whatever it is, it's great. Okay, whatever it is, it's great. I am thinking about eating well.  What I am thinking about eating well.  What I am thinking about eating well.  What Aloo Bhandara wala and Poo Aloo Bhandara wala and Poo Aloo Bhandara wala and Poo very good and a little bit of curd very good and a little bit of curd very good and a little bit of curd also with it also with it also with it curd curd bura curd curd bura curd curd bura bura bura bura in your UP we eat a lot of curd bura dahi bura dahi in your UP we eat a lot of curd bura dahi bura dahi in your UP we eat a lot of curd bura dahi bura dahi bura is cold though it is bura is cold though it is bura is cold though it is good with food so good with food so good with food so I am leaving quickly, it is the I am leaving quickly, it is the I am leaving quickly, it is the puja of the first Monday of Savan so I thought let's puja of the first Monday of Savan so I thought let's puja of the first Monday of Savan so I thought let's order some sweets and after the puja we will order some sweets and after the puja we will order some sweets and after the puja we will distribute it among everyone so here I have distribute it among everyone so here I have distribute it among everyone so here I have ordered pistachio barfi, I am starting to like pistachio barfi quite a lot. ordered pistachio barfi, I am starting to like pistachio barfi quite a lot. ordered pistachio barfi, I am starting to like pistachio barfi quite a lot. Earlier I did Earlier I did Earlier I did not like it at all and I do not like it at all and I do not like it at all and I do not eat sweets or sugary things in large quantities.  Personally, not eat sweets or sugary things in large quantities.  Personally, not eat sweets or sugary things in large quantities.  Personally, I don't like sweets at all.  But it happens that I don't like sweets at all.  But it happens that I don't like sweets at all.  But it happens that sometimes I have a strong craving and I sometimes I have a strong craving and I sometimes I have a strong craving and I eat it, like eat it, like eat it, like once or twice a month.  So the puja was ours. once or twice a month.  So the puja was ours. once or twice a month.  So the puja was ours. I put sunlight in the entire house, this sunlight is absolutely I put sunlight in the entire house, this sunlight is absolutely I put sunlight in the entire house, this sunlight is absolutely natural.  It smells very nice. natural.  It smells very nice. natural.  It smells very nice. So the whole house becomes completely fresh. So let's make our lunch now.  And for lunch So let's make our lunch now.  And for lunch So let's make our lunch now.  And for lunch we are making the Bhandara vegetable, we are making the Bhandara vegetable, we are making the Bhandara vegetable, right?  So we will mash the potatoes a little and keep them right?  So we will mash the potatoes a little and keep them right?  So we will mash the potatoes a little and keep them one by one.  And for this we one by one.  And for this we one by one.  And for this we need tomatoes and green chillies.  Cut into long pieces. need tomatoes and green chillies.  Cut into long pieces. need tomatoes and green chillies.  Cut into long pieces. Garlic and onion are not added at all in this recipe.  Only then does it Garlic and onion are not added at all in this recipe.  Only then does it taste like the vegetable from the Bhandara.  And the masala includes taste like the vegetable from the Bhandara.  And the masala includes taste like the vegetable from the Bhandara.  And the masala includes basic spices like coriander, turmeric, chilli basic spices like coriander, turmeric, chilli basic spices like coriander, turmeric, chilli and my home-ground garam masala.  If and my home-ground garam masala.  If and my home-ground garam masala.  If you want my Garam Masala recipe then you want my Garam Masala recipe then you want my Garam Masala recipe then I will share it with you guys in the upcoming video. I will share it with you guys in the upcoming video. I will share it with you guys in the upcoming video. And this water like thing that I am adding is And this water like thing that I am adding is And this water like thing that I am adding is asafoetida soaked in water.  So asafoetida soaked in water.  So asafoetida soaked in water.  So you can also call it asafoetida potatoes. you can also call it asafoetida potatoes. you can also call it asafoetida potatoes. Like potatoes with asafoetida are made in Vrindavan. Like potatoes with asafoetida are made in Vrindavan. Like potatoes with asafoetida are made in Vrindavan. Exactly like that.  So they Exactly like that.  So they Exactly like that.  So they look quite tasty.  You should try it once.  In the look quite tasty.  You should try it once.  In the look quite tasty.  You should try it once.  In the same manner, we will add water same manner, we will add water same manner, we will add water and a little salt and and a little salt and and a little salt and let it cook well.  Well, you know, whatever let it cook well.  Well, you know, whatever let it cook well.  Well, you know, whatever festival it is, I celebrate it with great joy festival it is, I celebrate it with great joy festival it is, I celebrate it with great joy and and and instead of following its rituals, I do it in my instead of following its rituals, I do it in my instead of following its rituals, I do it in my own way.  Like you have done the puja own way.  Like you have done the puja own way.  Like you have done the puja normally and very well, do not follow anything like do this and do that. normally and very well, do not follow anything like do this and do that. Prepare something nice at home and keep the environment of the entire house Prepare something nice at home and keep the environment of the entire house Prepare something nice at home and keep the environment of the entire house beautiful, lovely beautiful, lovely beautiful, lovely and positive.  And look here, and positive.  And look here, and positive.  And look here, I had taken a snapshot in the name of Positive I had taken a snapshot in the name of Positive I had taken a snapshot in the name of Positive for cleaning and here she is for cleaning and here she is for cleaning and here she is wearing green bangles in the month of Sawan.  I mean, every woman wearing green bangles in the month of Sawan.  I mean, every woman wearing green bangles in the month of Sawan.  I mean, every woman enjoys it [music] so well. enjoys it [music] so well. enjoys it [music] so well. I think finding joy in every little thing is the I think finding joy in every little thing is the I think finding joy in every little thing is the best thing [music]. best thing [music]. best thing [music]. I took a video of his hands. I took a video of his hands. I took a video of his hands. He liked it very much.  She was having He liked it very much.  She was having He liked it very much.  She was having me shoot videos after work with such good [music]. me shoot videos after work with such good [music]. me shoot videos after work with such good [music]. I liked it very much. I liked it very much. I liked it very much. So it's evening and I'm So it's evening and I'm So it's evening and I'm craving tea.  We did not craving tea.  We did not craving tea.  We did not drink tea and neither was I getting mehendi applied.  Like drink tea and neither was I getting mehendi applied.  Like drink tea and neither was I getting mehendi applied.  Like one such circle was made.  The color of the mehndi was one such circle was made.  The color of the mehndi was one such circle was made.  The color of the mehndi was not good at all.  I mean, not good at all.  I mean, not good at all.  I mean, I don't know which I don't know which I don't know which brand of henna it was.  I don't know if I have ever had it done. brand of henna it was.  I don't know if I have ever had it done. brand of henna it was.  I don't know if I have ever had it done. But its color was But its color was But its color was not coming out that good.  Kaveri, the place not coming out that good.  Kaveri, the place not coming out that good.  Kaveri, the place where I get my mehendi applied where I get my mehendi applied where I get my mehendi applied is the market, the colour is very is the market, the colour is very is the market, the colour is very good there and they apply it very beautifully good there and they apply it very beautifully good there and they apply it very beautifully [sangeet] so I will [sangeet] so I will [sangeet] so I will go there only because it is the first mehendi of Sawan so go there only because it is the first mehendi of Sawan so go there only because it is the first mehendi of Sawan so I have thought of a very beautiful design, I have thought of a very beautiful design, I have thought of a very beautiful design, I will get it applied like that and will go today itself to I will get it applied like that and will go today itself to I will get it applied like that and will go today itself to apply [sangeet] and I have some stuff apply [sangeet] and I have some stuff apply [sangeet] and I have some stuff for the house, a lot of things have been collected, I mean I have to for the house, a lot of things have been collected, I mean I have to for the house, a lot of things have been collected, I mean I have to unbox them, so I unbox them, so I unbox them, so I unbox all those things.  Let's see what things unbox all those things.  Let's see what things unbox all those things.  Let's see what things I have ordered.  [Music] I have ordered.  [Music] I have ordered.  [Music] I've brought some of it from I've brought some of it from I've brought some of it from Smart Ba.  I have brought some items from the home centre Smart Ba.  I have brought some items from the home centre Smart Ba.  I have brought some items from the home centre and some are mixed.   It is and some are mixed.   It is and some are mixed.   It is mother's.  I also ordered some [music] online. mother's.  I also ordered some [music] online. mother's.  I also ordered some [music] online. So they unbox all the things. So they unbox all the things. So they unbox all the things. And And And I needed a grinder mixer for my kitchen.  So I needed a grinder mixer for my kitchen.  So I needed a grinder mixer for my kitchen.  So I didn't understand the brand.  So I I didn't understand the brand.  So I I didn't understand the brand.  So I searched thoroughly and ordered a good searched thoroughly and ordered a good searched thoroughly and ordered a good brand.  You tell me how he is. brand.  You tell me how he is. brand.  You tell me how he is. Ok.  So let's unbox all the stuff [music]. Ok.  So let's unbox all the stuff [music]. Ok.  So let's unbox all the stuff [music]. So let's go quickly.  After that, So let's go quickly.  After that, So let's go quickly.  After that, we will ask V to make tea.  [Music] we will ask V to make tea.  [Music] we will ask V to make tea.  [Music] Then he'll make tea, so we'll drink it.  Let's go now.   I should take the Then he'll make tea, so we'll drink it.  Let's go now.   I should take the camera. camera. camera. V V V what Kannu what?  So all this stuff what Kannu what?  So all this stuff what Kannu what?  So all this stuff is kept.  We ordered this for the balcony.   There is kept.  We ordered this for the balcony.   There is kept.  We ordered this for the balcony.   There are some chairs and we still have to unbox all the stuff. are some chairs and we still have to unbox all the stuff. are some chairs and we still have to unbox all the stuff. So let's see.   Keep So let's see.   Keep So let's see.   Keep collecting them one by one.  We thought that one collecting them one by one.  We thought that one collecting them one by one.  We thought that one day we will sit down at leisure and unbox it and day we will sit down at leisure and unbox it and day we will sit down at leisure and unbox it and show you all what all we have show you all what all we have show you all what all we have ordered.  If something is useful then you can also take it. ordered.  If something is useful then you can also take it. Yes.  This Yes.  This Yes.  This grinder was our previous one from Flips. grinder was our previous one from Flips. grinder was our previous one from Flips. Yes.  This time we have taken the boss's. Yes.  This time we have taken the boss's. Yes.  This time we have taken the boss's. Yes, because we had read very good reviews about it. Yes, because we had read very good reviews about it. Yes, its reviews were good. Yes, its reviews were good. Yes, its reviews were good. Yes.  I mean, I haven't spent many days without the Yes.  I mean, I haven't spent many days without the Yes.  I mean, I haven't spent many days without the grinder.   If grinder.   If grinder.   If you grind spices etc. then they will be ground very finely.  Isn't it you grind spices etc. then they will be ground very finely.  Isn't it ?  I do ?  I do ?  I do n't have khada masala at home anyway and the n't have khada masala at home anyway and the n't have khada masala at home anyway and the previous one was also good but ours is okay. previous one was also good but ours is okay. previous one was also good but ours is okay. This is what I think.  I bought it from the home centre.  There This is what I think.  I bought it from the home centre.  There This is what I think.  I bought it from the home centre.  There is a frame.   I is a frame.   I is a frame.   I took this yesterday. took this yesterday. took this yesterday. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay, this one.  Yes, there are Okay, this one.  Yes, there are Okay, this one.  Yes, there are many photos of this size. many photos of this size. many photos of this size. Yes, that's why I took it.  I had Yes, that's why I took it.  I had Yes, that's why I took it.  I had brought another one like this.  I have put up a childhood photo of V. brought another one like this.  I have put up a childhood photo of V. brought another one like this.  I have put up a childhood photo of V. And that's pretty good. And that's pretty good. And that's pretty good. This looks very beautiful. This looks very beautiful. This looks very beautiful. What is this about Mantra? What is this about Mantra? What is this about Mantra? I have ordered a bedsheet in this.  Open it once and I have ordered a bedsheet in this.  Open it once and I have ordered a bedsheet in this.  Open it once and see. see. see. So I have ordered this in full king size. So I have ordered this in full king size. So I have ordered this in full king size. Well, I have seen most of these in white colour.  I will Well, I have seen most of these in white colour.  I will Well, I have seen most of these in white colour.  I will order the light in the same colour. order the light in the same colour. order the light in the same colour. But this is also a light color but it is a But this is also a light color but it is a But this is also a light color but it is a little dark in it, I will show it below, little dark in it, I will show it below, little dark in it, I will show it below, look it is here, the look it is here, the look it is here, the print will print will print will look very beautiful when spread, look very beautiful when spread, look very beautiful when spread, we have brought this table we have brought this table we have brought this table which we needed for there, there are which we needed for there, there are which we needed for there, there are two of them, two of them, one is small size for the balcony and one is its big size, we one is small size for the balcony and one is its big size, we one is small size for the balcony and one is its big size, we make it there by keeping the Ashram below, make it there by keeping the Ashram below, make it there by keeping the Ashram below, so whatever assembling stuff comes in the house, so whatever assembling stuff comes in the house, so whatever assembling stuff comes in the house, I do not do it, V and Jaji do it together, I do not do it, V and Jaji do it together, I do not do it, V and Jaji do it together, Jaji is not my brother-in-law's name. Jaji is not my brother-in-law's name. Jaji is not my brother-in-law's name. We call him Jenji because he is from the We call him Jenji because he is from the We call him Jenji because he is from the Jeji generation.  Just because, okay?  And Jeji generation.  Just because, okay?  And Jeji generation.  Just because, okay?  And he does not like to come in front of the camera he does not like to come in front of the camera he does not like to come in front of the camera and does not like to reveal his name like this.  So that's why and does not like to reveal his name like this.  So that's why and does not like to reveal his name like this.  So that's why we call him Judge. I enjoy this.  What is this, to tighten I enjoy this.  What is this, to tighten I enjoy this.  What is this, to tighten any wooden thing.   It any wooden thing.   It seems like you are working in some company.   I seems like you are working in some company.   I seems like you are working in some company.   I know brother, know brother, know brother, this is our business of tightening stools.   It is this is our business of tightening stools.   It is this is our business of tightening stools.   It is fun because you are fun because you are fun because you are doing it for a short time now.  Regular [laughs] doing it for a short time now.  Regular [laughs] doing it for a short time now.  Regular [laughs] salary is taken in the evening, salary is taken in the evening, salary is taken in the evening, workers must be tired after work, so workers must be tired after work, so workers must be tired after work, so order burgers for them.  After eating the burger, we did the unboxing again. order burgers for them.  After eating the burger, we did the unboxing again. I have ordered these Pata slippers for Karnish but they I have ordered these Pata slippers for Karnish but they I have ordered these Pata slippers for Karnish but they are too small because Karnish's feet are are too small because Karnish's feet are are too small because Karnish's feet are bigger than his age.  So we just bigger than his age.  So we just bigger than his age.  So we just put it on the exchange.  Binder and open it. put it on the exchange.  Binder and open it. put it on the exchange.  Binder and open it. So So So this table is our next product.   Yes.  Let this table is our next product.   Yes.  Let this table is our next product.   Yes.  Let me show you the table first.  I am me show you the table first.  I am me show you the table first.  I am not able to understand its colour.  Maybe not able to understand its colour.  Maybe not able to understand its colour.  Maybe I'll whitewash it.   It I'll whitewash it.   It I'll whitewash it.   It is white paint.  I'll whitewash it. is white paint.  I'll whitewash it. is white paint.  I'll whitewash it. Yes.  Ambulatory. Yes.  Ambulatory. Yes.  Ambulatory. So So So how many of these grinders do we have come with right now? how many of these grinders do we have come with right now? how many of these grinders do we have come with right now? This one, two, three and one, this is four.   Is This one, two, three and one, this is four.   Is This one, two, three and one, this is four.   Is n't it four? n't it four? n't it four? With the first one we had three, right?   There were With the first one we had three, right?   There were With the first one we had three, right?   There were three.  Yes. three.  Yes. three.  Yes. So our previous grinder was So our previous grinder was So our previous grinder was also very good.  So we gave it to our house also very good.  So we gave it to our house also very good.  So we gave it to our house because theirs had got damaged.  So because theirs had got damaged.  So because theirs had got damaged.  So we said why would you buy a new one? we said why would you buy a new one? we said why would you buy a new one? Yes.  Because he was also doing very good work. Yes.  Because he was also doing very good work. But this time we took something even more powerful than that. But this time we took something even more powerful than that. But this time we took something even more powerful than that. Yes.  Because we do a lot of Yes.  Because we do a lot of Yes.  Because we do a lot of grinding and other things like that.  Spices are also consumed at home. grinding and other things like that.  Spices are also consumed at home. This is good.  This one is for him. This is good.  This one is for him. This is good.  This one is for him. Like you have to extract juice etc.   It is Like you have to extract juice etc.   It is Like you have to extract juice etc.   It is for him. for him. for him. Well this too. Well this too. Well this too. So I could understand two brands of So I could understand two brands of So I could understand two brands of grinders.  One is Sujata which is a very old grinders.  One is Sujata which is a very old grinders.  One is Sujata which is a very old brand and is very good.  Well, brand and is very good.  Well, brand and is very good.  Well, I got a very good review for it. I got a very good review for it. I got a very good review for it. I asked around whoever was using it I asked around whoever was using it I asked around whoever was using it and also searched a lot online.  One is Sujata and also searched a lot online.  One is Sujata and also searched a lot online.  One is Sujata and the other is this Bosch one.  So I and the other is this Bosch one.  So I and the other is this Bosch one.  So I got a very good review of it.  Meaning, you got a very good review of it.  Meaning, you got a very good review of it.  Meaning, you can say a little bit like this.  So then we can say a little bit like this.  So then we can say a little bit like this.  So then we went for this because neither such things nor went for this because neither such things nor went for this because neither such things nor electronic ones, I think electronic ones, I think after searching thoroughly and buying this, people will buy it, I think it will after searching thoroughly and buying this, people will buy it, I think it will after searching thoroughly and buying this, people will buy it, I think it will last for at least seven to eight years.   It will work last for at least seven to eight years.   It will work last for at least seven to eight years.   It will work fine.  Yes, it will work very well, friend. fine.  Yes, it will work very well, friend. fine.  Yes, it will work very well, friend. This is good.   Please This is good.   Please This is good.   Please show it like this once.  He is a little show it like this once.  He is a little show it like this once.  He is a little taller in height etc. taller in height etc. taller in height etc. and this is something like this. and this is something like this. and this is something like this. Correct. Correct. Correct. Its look is also good. Its look is also good. Its look is also good. we we you put it in it now.  I'm just going to get it we we you put it in it now.  I'm just going to get it we we you put it in it now.  I'm just going to get it all washed.  Yes, after getting it all washed.  Yes, after getting it all washed.  Yes, after getting it washed, washed, washed, yes sir, you also leave it out.  Get it washed, it has already yes sir, you also leave it out.  Get it washed, it has already come out.  I just put it in there like this. come out.  I just put it in there like this. We are telling you to sleep for a while.  So he is We are telling you to sleep for a while.  So he is We are telling you to sleep for a while.  So he is not sleeping.  He is saying that not sleeping.  He is saying that not sleeping.  He is saying that my birthday will not come until I sleep.  What my birthday will not come until I sleep.  What my birthday will not come until I sleep.  What happened?  Give me that bread.   I happened?  Give me that bread.   I happened?  Give me that bread.   I want Kuru, Kundru, want Kuru, Kundru, want Kuru, Kundru, yes give me the whole vegetable. yes give me the whole vegetable. yes give me the whole vegetable. Yes, I am just giving it.  If you give it, it will be done accordingly. Yes, I am just giving it.  If you give it, it will be done accordingly. Yes, I am just giving it.  If you give it, it will be done accordingly. So Karishma is feeling hungry again in the evening. So Karishma is feeling hungry again in the evening. So Karishma is feeling hungry again in the evening. I was thinking of I was thinking of I was thinking of making something else for Karishma in the evening.  So we will have tea now.  It was making something else for Karishma in the evening.  So we will have tea now.  It was making something else for Karishma in the evening.  So we will have tea now.  It was almost 5:00.  Oh yes, the chair almost 5:00.  Oh yes, the chair almost 5:00.  Oh yes, the chair opened.  I will show you the chair. Our chair has become open. Our chair has become open. Our chair has become open. So our chair is ready.  Come Ragini, sit down. So our chair is ready.  Come Ragini, sit down. So our chair is ready.  Come Ragini, sit down. How are you going to fit in this?  Wow, what a chair. How are you going to fit in this?  Wow, what a chair. How are you going to fit in this?  Wow, what a chair. We ordered a nice chair online. We ordered a nice chair online. We ordered a nice chair online. You add it to it. You add it to it. You add it to it. Japani.   Even Japani.   Even Japani.   Even you will not be able to sit in it. you will not be able to sit in it. you will not be able to sit in it. What are you making me sit on? What are you making me sit on? What are you making me sit on? Come sit brother.   Come. Come sit brother.   Come. Come sit brother.   Come. Yes, bring it. Yes, bring it. Yes, bring it. Give it here.  Give it to me. Give it here.  Give it to me. Give it here.  Give it to me. Wear these screws Wear these screws Wear these screws look very beautiful.  Meaning, it is exactly like what we look very beautiful.  Meaning, it is exactly like what we look very beautiful.  Meaning, it is exactly like what we saw in the video.   It saw in the video.   It looks good in Ragini.  It is a very looks good in Ragini.  It is a very looks good in Ragini.  It is a very decent size.   Will decent size.   Will decent size.   Will you bring the toolbox? you bring the toolbox? you bring the toolbox? Where it is?   It will be Where it is?   It will be Where it is?   It will be in my room.  See Where's the Toolbox?   Is it the yellow one or the black one?  The yellow one or the black one?  The yellow one or the black one?  The younger brother in yellow will follow. younger brother in yellow will follow. younger brother in yellow will follow. Back Back Back yes yes yes hey here's the tool box. tool box. tool box. Where will these be installed? So this chair is completely ready.   It So this chair is completely ready.   It So this chair is completely ready.   It became tight. became tight. became tight. Ok.  Do you feel comfortable sitting and watching Ok.  Do you feel comfortable sitting and watching Ok.  Do you feel comfortable sitting and watching ? ? ? So we had seen many balcony chairs in the home centre earlier also.   When So we had seen many balcony chairs in the home centre earlier also.   When we saw that it was a bit costly, we we saw that it was a bit costly, we we saw that it was a bit costly, we thought of trying something online. thought of trying something online. thought of trying something online. So we liked it.  And I So we liked it.  And I So we liked it.  And I also like the products of Iiya. also like the products of Iiya. also like the products of Iiya. He makes the descent. He makes the descent. He makes the descent. What would you say about this?  Regarding this, What would you say about this?  Regarding this, What would you say about this?  Regarding this, we just needed it in a hurry so we took it. we just needed it in a hurry so we took it. we just needed it in a hurry so we took it. This is very reasonable.  But This is very reasonable.  But This is very reasonable.  But please do something about its colour. please do something about its colour. please do something about its colour. If only its colour was white then it would have gone If only its colour was white then it would have gone If only its colour was white then it would have gone with it. with it. with it. I will change its fate right now. I will change its fate right now. I will change its fate right now. How are we destined?  Where are you taking my table?   I am How are we destined?  Where are you taking my table?   I am How are we destined?  Where are you taking my table?   I am bringing it in a while. bringing it in a while. bringing it in a while. Tell me what are you going to do? Tell me what are you going to do? Tell me what are you going to do? Hey, I am bringing it.   Are you going to Hey, I am bringing it.   Are you going to Hey, I am bringing it.   Are you going to wash it? wash it? wash it? Million [laughs] the Million [laughs] the Million [laughs] the season is over, friend, it doesn't get water, it is season is over, friend, it doesn't get water, it is season is over, friend, it doesn't get water, it is summer season, summer season, summer season, yes it does happen, right now it is not flowering yes it does happen, right now it is not flowering yes it does happen, right now it is not flowering but the but the but the milliam heat doesn't go anywhere, milliam heat doesn't go anywhere, milliam heat doesn't go anywhere, move aside, move aside, move aside, I grow many plants with a button [laughs] I grow many plants with a button [laughs] I grow many plants with a button [laughs] which plants do you grow, tell me which plants do you grow, tell me which plants do you grow, tell me brother, pour water on it, friend, climb on it, move aside brother, pour water on it, friend, climb on it, move aside friend, what have you done, friend, what have you done, friend, what have you done, just look just look just look white, white, white, you said you want white, so we will make it white, it will look you said you want white, so we will make it white, it will look good like this too friend, white, by the way, good like this too friend, white, by the way, good like this too friend, white, by the way, yes white will look good, yes white will look good, yes white will look good, brown was not looking good to me, brown was not looking good to me, brown was not looking good to me, we were we were we were painting the table outside and I am painting the table outside and I am allergic to the spray they use, I get breathing issues, so allergic to the spray they use, I get breathing issues, so allergic to the spray they use, I get breathing issues, so he was doing it with the door closed he was doing it with the door closed he was doing it with the door closed and I find this thing about him very cute.  Whenever and I find this thing about him very cute.  Whenever and I find this thing about him very cute.  Whenever I tell him anything, I tell him anything, I tell him anything, he immediately starts doing it. he immediately starts doing it. he immediately starts doing it. Meaning I did not ask for paint. Meaning I did not ask for paint. Meaning I did not ask for paint. I just said that I like the white table very much I just said that I like the white table very much I just said that I like the white table very much and it started raining outside.   It was a and it started raining outside.   It was a and it started raining outside.   It was a very sharp table that has been painted well. very sharp table that has been painted well. very sharp table that has been painted well. Meaning it has deteriorated a bit.  But no Meaning it has deteriorated a bit.  But no Meaning it has deteriorated a bit.  But no problem, I am sitting comfortably outside also.  I am enjoying it. problem, I am sitting comfortably outside also.  I am enjoying it. problem, I am sitting comfortably outside also.  I am enjoying it. We will make tea in a while. We will make tea in a while. We will make tea in a while. We have set up our chairs We have set up our chairs We have set up our chairs in the balcony.  I'll show you later.  It is in the balcony.  I'll show you later.  It is in the balcony.  I'll show you later.  It is almost evening.  And the almost evening.  And the almost evening.  And the table that they were painting, they have not table that they were painting, they have not table that they were painting, they have not spoiled it.  Meaning there was a tissue in hand.  When spoiled it.  Meaning there was a tissue in hand.  When spoiled it.  Meaning there was a tissue in hand.  When the tissue fell, it got covered in dust. the tissue fell, it got covered in dust. the tissue fell, it got covered in dust. Now while cleaning that dust, the Now while cleaning that dust, the paint has become strange in the middle but still we have made it plain paint has become strange in the middle but still we have made it plain paint has become strange in the middle but still we have made it plain white.  For that we will white.  For that we will white.  For that we will bring some runners from upstairs and spread them and the bring some runners from upstairs and spread them and the bring some runners from upstairs and spread them and the balcony is looking very nice.  It seems balcony is looking very nice.  It seems balcony is looking very nice.  It seems decent right now.  And tomorrow we will decent right now.  And tomorrow we will decent right now.  And tomorrow we will set it up properly because right now clothes etc. are set it up properly because right now clothes etc. are set it up properly because right now clothes etc. are washed in the balcony only.  So washed in the balcony only.  So washed in the balcony only.  So we will wash it in the we will wash it in the we will wash it in the washroom in Karnish's room.   No washroom in Karnish's room.   No washroom in Karnish's room.   No clothes will be washed here. clothes will be washed here. clothes will be washed here. So this entire area will remain empty and will So this entire area will remain empty and will So this entire area will remain empty and will look good.  So right now I am going to make look good.  So right now I am going to make look good.  So right now I am going to make tea.  See you in the next video.   Till then tea.  See you in the next video.   Till then tea.  See you in the next video.   Till then take care and bye.  Make take care and bye.  Make take care and bye.  Make sure to like the video and comment.  To give lots of sure to like the video and comment.  To give lots of sure to like the video and comment.  To give lots of love.  I will meet you guys love.  I will meet you guys love.  I will meet you guys in the next video.  Bye-bye. in the next video.  Bye-bye. in the next video.  Bye-bye. Shall I Shall I Shall I make tea?   The make tea?   The make tea?   The tea is being kept [music].   Did tea is being kept [music].   Did tea is being kept [music].   Did you keep it? you keep it? you keep it? Oh wow.  Say bye to everyone.   Bye.   Take Oh wow.  Say bye to everyone.   Bye.   Take Oh wow.  Say bye to everyone.   Bye.   Take care!