One should spend time with Payal. One should spend time with Payal. One should spend time with Payal. Armaan just pretends.  Yesterday I had a Armaan just pretends.  Yesterday I had a Armaan just pretends.  Yesterday I had a fire in the power circuit.  There is a tower.  I turned fire in the power circuit.  There is a tower.  I turned fire in the power circuit.  There is a tower.  I turned off the gas to the entire building.  I have visited off the gas to the entire building.  I have visited off the gas to the entire building.  I have visited your sister a lot and Rudra doesn't know what she your sister a lot and Rudra doesn't know what she your sister a lot and Rudra doesn't know what she feeds him.  When you type all this, feeds him.  When you type all this, feeds him.  When you type all this, they must be having a lot of fun.  Because they must be having a lot of fun.  Because they must be having a lot of fun.  Because Papa had given money to the pilot to Papa had given money to the pilot to Papa had given money to the pilot to do all this.  I was just sitting at home and throwing in the words, ' do all this.  I was just sitting at home and throwing in the words, ' do all this.  I was just sitting at home and throwing in the words, ' Jo Ghar Pe Chhorandi [Music] Jo Ghar Pe Chhorandi [Music] Jo Ghar Pe Chhorandi [Music] Kaam Karunga'.  I will name Maa Babu. Kaam Karunga'.  I will name Maa Babu. Kaam Karunga'.  I will name Maa Babu. Hello everyone, how are you all?  Welcome back Hello everyone, how are you all?  Welcome back Hello everyone, how are you all?  Welcome back to our new vlog.  Guys, brother I thought that to our new vlog.  Guys, brother I thought that to our new vlog.  Guys, brother I thought that Lakshya is going to her home, before that I should Lakshya is going to her home, before that I should Lakshya is going to her home, before that I should sit with her and read some comments sit with her and read some comments sit with her and read some comments because when a person reads comments alone, it is difficult to because when a person reads comments alone, it is difficult to because when a person reads comments alone, it is difficult to understand, he reads the comment as well and understand, he reads the comment as well and understand, he reads the comment as well and he also replies, then it gets a little confusing, he also replies, then it gets a little confusing, he also replies, then it gets a little confusing, so brother I thought of so brother I thought of so brother I thought of taking out some comments, one from the flight vlog, one from taking out some comments, one from the flight vlog, one from taking out some comments, one from the flight vlog, one from Chiku's father's Payal vlog on which Chiku's father's Payal vlog on which Chiku's father's Payal vlog on which Payal was made to feel special, Payal was made to feel special, Payal was made to feel special, I took out comments from both, okay the first comment is I took out comments from both, okay the first comment is I took out comments from both, okay the first comment is from Harman, Payal di you are very strong, from Harman, Payal di you are very strong, from Harman, Payal di you are very strong, Arman sir calls you old, I do Arman sir calls you old, I do Arman sir calls you old, I do n't like it, Payal di you are very sweet, n't like it, Payal di you are very sweet, n't like it, Payal di you are very sweet, always be happy, so the always be happy, so the always be happy, so the relationship between husband and wife, apart from that of husband and wife, there is relationship between husband and wife, apart from that of husband and wife, there is relationship between husband and wife, apart from that of husband and wife, there is also a relationship of friends also a relationship of friends also a relationship of friends and I feel that when you and I feel that when you and I feel that when you live in a friends' relationship and live in a friends' relationship and live in a friends' relationship and come into a husband-wife relationship, then it is come into a husband-wife relationship, then it is come into a husband-wife relationship, then it is better.  It is not that better.  It is not that better.  It is not that you should be afraid that he is your husband and you should you should be afraid that he is your husband and you should you should be afraid that he is your husband and you should not say anything or something like that should happen.  I not say anything or something like that should happen.  I not say anything or something like that should happen.  I think we should have fun with each other. think we should have fun with each other. think we should have fun with each other. So brother, nowadays we have also started So brother, nowadays we have also started So brother, nowadays we have also started calling Armaan ji old, yes, calling Armaan ji old, yes, calling Armaan ji old, yes, 40 year old old man, clumsy old man, 40 year old old man, clumsy old man, 40 year old old man, clumsy old man, we also say all these things to him.  So I feel like we should have fun. we also say all these things to him.  So I feel like we should have fun. we also say all these things to him.  So I feel like we should have fun. So next So next So next day Neha is feeling very good after seeing Tuba. day Neha is feeling very good after seeing Tuba. day Neha is feeling very good after seeing Tuba. You went on a trip after a long time, did You went on a trip after a long time, did You went on a trip after a long time, did n't you? You went to Mumbai after a long time when we were n't you? You went to Mumbai after a long time when we were n't you? You went to Mumbai after a long time when we were going to Mumbai during Bigg Boss. going to Mumbai during Bigg Boss. going to Mumbai during Bigg Boss. And when she went to Devgund with you, And when she went to Devgund with you, And when she went to Devgund with you, not for a trip. I am talking about Babu. She was sitting when she was four not for a trip. I am talking about Babu. She was sitting when she was four not for a trip. I am talking about Babu. She was sitting when she was four months old and now she is sitting when she is about to turn four. It has been a months old and now she is sitting when she is about to turn four. It has been a long time since Tuba did not go. long time since Tuba did not go. long time since Tuba did not go. She feels like staying at home. She feels like staying at home. She feels like staying at home. She likes staying at home. She likes staying at home. She likes staying at home. Our next comment is Armaan Our next comment is Armaan Our next comment is Armaan likes staying with Zad and Kritika. He likes staying with Zad and Kritika. He likes staying with Zad and Kritika. He enjoys it a lot. It is clearly visible that he has gone with Payal and her kids out of enjoys it a lot. It is clearly visible that he has gone with Payal and her kids out of enjoys it a lot. It is clearly visible that he has gone with Payal and her kids out of compulsion. So compulsion. So compulsion. So I don't understand. Guys, when you I don't understand. Guys, when you I don't understand. Guys, when you type all this, they must be having a lot of fun with whatever goes on type all this, they must be having a lot of fun with whatever goes on type all this, they must be having a lot of fun with whatever goes on in your house. You in your house. You in your house. You cannot say anything about yourself.  I am not showing you my life. cannot say anything about yourself.  I am not showing you my life. cannot say anything about yourself.  I am not showing you my life. We have been We have been We have been showing you everything on social media for the last eight years. showing you everything on social media for the last eight years. showing you everything on social media for the last eight years. Despite that you say that it does Despite that you say that it does Despite that you say that it does n't feel like that with Payal's children.  Brother, they are n't feel like that with Payal's children.  Brother, they are n't feel like that with Payal's children.  Brother, they are our children.  I have children.  Our our children.  I have children.  Our our children.  I have children.  Our entire family lives together and I am tired of entire family lives together and I am tired of entire family lives together and I am tired of answering.  If Payal goes then answering.  If Payal goes then answering.  If Payal goes then you speak.  If it doesn't go then you say it. you speak.  If it doesn't go then you say it. you speak.  If it doesn't go then you say it. Brother, according to me no one should motivate you.  But there Brother, according to me no one should motivate you.  But there is no motivation at all.  Keep motivating.  He will either keep is no motivation at all.  Keep motivating.  He will either keep is no motivation at all.  Keep motivating.  He will either keep talking to Armaan ji or to talking to Armaan ji or to talking to Armaan ji or to me for 24 hours.  Maybe someone might have me for 24 hours.  Maybe someone might have me for 24 hours.  Maybe someone might have something in mind, I will post it by commenting, something in mind, I will post it by commenting, something in mind, I will post it by commenting, yes brother, it is like this, yes brother, it is like this, yes brother, it is like this, next is Anveen's Payal is great, she is positive next is Anveen's Payal is great, she is positive next is Anveen's Payal is great, she is positive in this situation, Payal did not know anything, in this situation, Payal did not know anything, in this situation, Payal did not know anything, I got a call from Cheeku Papa saying, Golu, I got a call from Cheeku Papa saying, Golu, I got a call from Cheeku Papa saying, Golu, Payal did not know anything, do Payal did not know anything, do Payal did not know anything, do you know our flight is getting shaken, this is happening, you know our flight is getting shaken, this is happening, you know our flight is getting shaken, this is happening, Payal was sitting comfortably and chilled, I said Payal was sitting comfortably and chilled, I said Payal was sitting comfortably and chilled, I said okay, it is right that she was positive, it is okay, it is right that she was positive, it is important for a person to be positive in a situation, she had children with her, if they too would have got important for a person to be positive in a situation, she had children with her, if they too would have got important for a person to be positive in a situation, she had children with her, if they too would have got scared, scared, scared, if she too would have got scared then what would have happened, if she too would have got scared then what would have happened, if she too would have got scared then what would have happened, next is Reena's, if he goes with Golu, he next is Reena's, if he goes with Golu, he next is Reena's, if he goes with Golu, he always sits with him, he always sits with him, he always sits with him, he never sits with Payal, so let me tell you, I will put the never sits with Payal, so let me tell you, I will put the link of the Goa vlog in this vlog, go to the end and link of the Goa vlog in this vlog, go to the end and link of the Goa vlog in this vlog, go to the end and tap and see, when we were going to Goa, tap and see, when we were going to Goa, tap and see, when we were going to Goa, Armaan ji was sitting at the back, I was sitting in the front Armaan ji was sitting at the back, I was sitting in the front Armaan ji was sitting at the back, I was sitting in the front and the children were sitting with me, and the children were sitting with me, and the children were sitting with me, I was not sitting with Armaan ji, the I was not sitting with Armaan ji, the I was not sitting with Armaan ji, the children were sitting with me, so we were also children were sitting with me, so we were also children were sitting with me, so we were also sitting separately, we did not go on any honeymoon sitting separately, we did not go on any honeymoon sitting separately, we did not go on any honeymoon And this is the second thing, these tickets were booked on the spot, And this is the second thing, these tickets were booked on the spot, And this is the second thing, these tickets were booked on the spot, yes it was booked in the morning, on the spot, so as yes it was booked in the morning, on the spot, so as yes it was booked in the morning, on the spot, so as soon as we got the tickets, the soon as we got the tickets, the soon as we got the tickets, the seats that were available were booked, right? No, I seats that were available were booked, right? No, I seats that were available were booked, right? No, I mean, you people are saying that if it happens mean, you people are saying that if it happens mean, you people are saying that if it happens with Kritika, then he sits with Kritika, then with Kritika, then he sits with Kritika, then with Kritika, then he sits with Kritika, then he was not sitting with me either. he was not sitting with me either. he was not sitting with me either. We also had seats in front and behind us, when we went to Goa, We also had seats in front and behind us, when we went to Goa, We also had seats in front and behind us, when we went to Goa, three on this side, three on this side, something like this. three on this side, three on this side, something like this. three on this side, three on this side, something like this. Next is Hijla's Armaan is my most Next is Hijla's Armaan is my most Next is Hijla's Armaan is my most favourite, I am so happy Tuba. Finally, Tuba favourite, I am so happy Tuba. Finally, Tuba went on a trip with her mom and dad, Chiku Bhai, after so many days, you went on a trip with her mom and dad, Chiku Bhai, after so many days, you went on a trip with her mom and dad, Chiku Bhai, after so many days, you said it right, it had been a long time since Tuba's trip, said it right, it had been a long time since Tuba's trip, said it right, it had been a long time since Tuba's trip, Chiku had also not gone to Goa, Chiku had also not gone, it Chiku had also not gone to Goa, Chiku had also not gone, it Chiku had also not gone to Goa, Chiku had also not gone, it seems Chiku did not go to Goa, Ayan had also gone, Zad had also gone, seems Chiku did not go to Goa, Ayan had also gone, Zad had also gone, seems Chiku did not go to Goa, Ayan had also gone, Zad had also gone, you had also gone, you had also gone, you had also gone, I had also gone, Chiku had not gone to Goa, so it is a I had also gone, Chiku had not gone to Goa, so it is a I had also gone, Chiku had not gone to Goa, so it is a good thing that Chiku had gone, he has come back after good thing that Chiku had gone, he has come back after good thing that Chiku had gone, he has come back after enjoying a bit, Shagun Bhaiya's, it was fine, enjoying a bit, Shagun Bhaiya's, it was fine, enjoying a bit, Shagun Bhaiya's, it was fine, he was with him, he left, Shagun Bhaiya, I am he was with him, he left, Shagun Bhaiya, I am he was with him, he left, Shagun Bhaiya, I am talking for you, next is Jasan's talking for you, next is Jasan's talking for you, next is Jasan's Payal, she is looking so beautiful.  She looks like Chiku's elder Payal, she is looking so beautiful.  She looks like Chiku's elder Payal, she is looking so beautiful.  She looks like Chiku's elder sister.  What did I say yesterday?   The sister.  What did I say yesterday?   The sister.  What did I say yesterday?   The beans were growing yesterday.  I told you so and guys I did beans were growing yesterday.  I told you so and guys I did beans were growing yesterday.  I told you so and guys I did not read this comment.  I told you last night itself. not read this comment.  I told you last night itself. not read this comment.  I told you last night itself. A photo of Payal A photo of Payal A photo of Payal came yesterday.  I was always sitting.  Payal's photo came yesterday.  I was always sitting.  Payal's photo came yesterday.  I was always sitting.  Payal's photo came.  Payal was wearing a white top.  Black came.  Payal was wearing a white top.  Black came.  Payal was wearing a white top.  Black Shots have also sat down.  I said Payal, Shots have also sat down.  I said Payal, Shots have also sat down.  I said Payal, Lakshya looks like Payal's brother.   It doesn't seem to be working.  It's Lakshya looks like Payal's brother.   It doesn't seem to be working.  It's Lakshya looks like Payal's brother.   It doesn't seem to be working.  It's exactly the same.  Height is also exactly the same.  Height is also exactly the same.  Height is also same, almost weight is also everything is same.  So it same, almost weight is also everything is same.  So it same, almost weight is also everything is same.  So it is absolutely similar.  The appearance is also the same. is absolutely similar.  The appearance is also the same. is absolutely similar.  The appearance is also the same. Next is friend, work should be done in this situation. Next is friend, work should be done in this situation. Next is friend, work should be done in this situation. You have created such an issue.  So let You have created such an issue.  So let You have created such an issue.  So let me tell you the same.  We are me tell you the same.  We are me tell you the same.  We are bloggers.  Blogging means that bloggers.  Blogging means that bloggers.  Blogging means that you show your real life.  You do you show your real life.  You do you show your real life.  You do n't show anything other than that, you don't fake it. n't show anything other than that, you don't fake it. n't show anything other than that, you don't fake it. If there is turbulence in the flight, If there is turbulence in the flight, If there is turbulence in the flight, if there is any problem in the flight, then if there is any problem in the flight, then if there is any problem in the flight, then Hanuman ji will show it to you.  It is Hanuman ji will show it to you.  It is Hanuman ji will show it to you.  It is not like we are sitting in a flight for the first time. not like we are sitting in a flight for the first time. not like we are sitting in a flight for the first time. Ok?  How long will life be while sitting?  I do Ok?  How long will life be while sitting?  I do Ok?  How long will life be while sitting?  I do n't even know how many flights I have taken.  It has n't even know how many flights I have taken.  It has n't even know how many flights I have taken.  It has always been a good experience. always been a good experience. always been a good experience. Sometimes, even if something is bad once in a 100 years, a Sometimes, even if something is bad once in a 100 years, a Sometimes, even if something is bad once in a 100 years, a person will share it, right?  So I don't person will share it, right?  So I don't person will share it, right?  So I don't think he has done anything wrong.  He has think he has done anything wrong.  He has think he has done anything wrong.  He has shared his life.  Look at the place where the incident happened, there are a shared his life.  Look at the place where the incident happened, there are a shared his life.  Look at the place where the incident happened, there are a lot of people sitting there.   There are lot of people sitting there.   There are lot of people sitting there.   There are 100 people sitting in the lot. 100 people sitting in the lot. 100 people sitting in the lot. One person out of 100 is a blogger.  So brother, he will do vlogging. One person out of 100 is a blogger.  So brother, he will do vlogging. One person out of 100 is a blogger.  So brother, he will do vlogging. His job is blogging. His job is blogging. His job is blogging. Next is Priyanka's Payal, you are the Next is Priyanka's Payal, you are the Next is Priyanka's Payal, you are the strongest woman in the universe, very strongest woman in the universe, very strongest woman in the universe, very positive, be positive always, this is true, you are positive, be positive always, this is true, you are positive, be positive always, this is true, you are absolutely strong, Payal, so guys, just now I got a absolutely strong, Payal, so guys, just now I got a absolutely strong, Payal, so guys, just now I got a video call from Chiku's father and they are having a lot of video call from Chiku's father and they are having a lot of video call from Chiku's father and they are having a lot of fun, enjoying fun, enjoying fun, enjoying because father has gone to some place, has he gone to the because father has gone to some place, has he gone to the because father has gone to some place, has he gone to the beach, there is a party going on, beach, there is a party going on, beach, there is a party going on, okay, so I thought in my mind, I said friend, okay, so I thought in my mind, I said friend, okay, so I thought in my mind, I said friend, we had gone, but we had not seen it, I had we had gone, but we had not seen it, I had we had gone, but we had not seen it, I had seen, they were having such a party, where should seen, they were having such a party, where should seen, they were having such a party, where should we go, where should we go, so friend, really friend, the guys are with us, we go, where should we go, so friend, really friend, the guys are with us, we go, where should we go, so friend, really friend, the guys are with us, because father because father because father said absolutely right that this time said absolutely right that this time said absolutely right that this time their trip is very fun, this is their trip is very fun, this is their trip is very fun, this is absolutely right, as a person goes to the same place absolutely right, as a person goes to the same place absolutely right, as a person goes to the same place two-three times, he gets two-three times, he gets two-three times, he gets experience.  Like now if I experience.  Like now if I experience.  Like now if I go to Dubai, I know about Dubai, where to go to Dubai, I know about Dubai, where to go to Dubai, I know about Dubai, where to visit, where not to visit, what to do, I visit, where not to visit, what to do, I visit, where not to visit, what to do, I know everything.  So this is the matter and the same is being know everything.  So this is the matter and the same is being know everything.  So this is the matter and the same is being discussed with Payal right now.  Tuba is discussed with Payal right now.  Tuba is discussed with Payal right now.  Tuba is looking very cute today.  Tuba is wearing a very beautiful looking very cute today.  Tuba is wearing a very beautiful looking very cute today.  Tuba is wearing a very beautiful dress because how can I comment dress because how can I comment dress because how can I comment because Payal Laksh I don't know about because Payal Laksh I don't know about because Payal Laksh I don't know about Instagram.  People were commenting on Lakshya's Instagram Instagram.  People were commenting on Lakshya's Instagram Instagram.  People were commenting on Lakshya's Instagram that you did that you did that you did not keep Tuba well maintained.  This Tuba is not keep Tuba well maintained.  This Tuba is not keep Tuba well maintained.  This Tuba is not looking beautiful.  What clothes is Tuba not looking beautiful.  What clothes is Tuba not looking beautiful.  What clothes is Tuba wearing?  And today Tuba is wearing very nice wearing?  And today Tuba is wearing very nice wearing?  And today Tuba is wearing very nice clothes.  It is not Payal's fault either, friend. clothes.  It is not Payal's fault either, friend. clothes.  It is not Payal's fault either, friend. Suba said that he booked tickets to Goa on the Suba said that he booked tickets to Goa on the Suba said that he booked tickets to Goa on the spot.  I am thankful to Laksh that spot.  I am thankful to Laksh that spot.  I am thankful to Laksh that we have a luggage which I we have a luggage which I we have a luggage which I showed you yesterday in which there are more clothes, so showed you yesterday in which there are more clothes, so showed you yesterday in which there are more clothes, so inside it we inside it we inside it we keep at least six sets of children's clothes, not more. keep at least six sets of children's clothes, not more. keep at least six sets of children's clothes, not more. Chiku also has five to six new pairs, which means every Chiku also has five to six new pairs, which means every Chiku also has five to six new pairs, which means every child in our house has six to seven child in our house has six to seven child in our house has six to seven new pairs.   So, assume that you new pairs.   So, assume that you new pairs.   So, assume that you woke up at 11:00. woke up at 11:00. woke up at 11:00. Yes, I left at 1:00.  She left at one or two o'clock.  There was Yes, I left at 1:00.  She left at one or two o'clock.  There was Yes, I left at 1:00.  She left at one or two o'clock.  There was no packing system.   Got it no packing system.   Got it no packing system.   Got it packed on the spot.  So this is the same packed on the spot.  So this is the same packed on the spot.  So this is the same look I have, do you know what it is guys.  You look I have, do you know what it is guys.  You look I have, do you know what it is guys.  You neither see what you see nor do you act on it.  You neither see what you see nor do you act on it.  You neither see what you see nor do you act on it.  You Payal have gone to the gym.  I did all the packing from behind. Payal have gone to the gym.  I did all the packing from behind. Payal have gone to the gym.  I did all the packing from behind. But I didn't make a full vlog of what But I didn't make a full vlog of what But I didn't make a full vlog of what I was packing.   I am I was packing.   I am I was packing.   I am packing.  But brother, packing.  But brother, packing.  But brother, you comment on whatever you see.  Okay, it was a you comment on whatever you see.  Okay, it was a you comment on whatever you see.  Okay, it was a very funny vlog. very funny vlog. very funny vlog. You all stay happy like this.  Payal didi is happy, Armaan bhai, I You all stay happy like this.  Payal didi is happy, Armaan bhai, I You all stay happy like this.  Payal didi is happy, Armaan bhai, I pray for you too.  Your family is very nice. pray for you too.  Your family is very nice. pray for you too.  Your family is very nice. Ayan Jaan is here, just roam around like this.  Payal didi is Ayan Jaan is here, just roam around like this.  Payal didi is Ayan Jaan is here, just roam around like this.  Payal didi is very nice with children.  Thank very nice with children.  Thank very nice with children.  Thank you so much.  Absolutely fine.  You you so much.  Absolutely fine.  You you so much.  Absolutely fine.  You said exactly the right thing.  What is it now, our said exactly the right thing.  What is it now, our said exactly the right thing.  What is it now, our life has become like this.  The children grew up. life has become like this.  The children grew up. life has become like this.  The children grew up. Gradually the children grew up.  So we Gradually the children grew up.  So we Gradually the children grew up.  So we cannot move around comfortably like this.  Earlier, when the children were small, there was cannot move around comfortably like this.  Earlier, when the children were small, there was cannot move around comfortably like this.  Earlier, when the children were small, there was tension.  But what happens now is that tension.  But what happens now is that tension.  But what happens now is that Payal and I can roam around comfortably.  Sometimes Payal and I can roam around comfortably.  Sometimes Payal and I can roam around comfortably.  Sometimes Payal goes away and sometimes I go away.  Sometimes the children Payal goes away and sometimes I go away.  Sometimes the children Payal goes away and sometimes I go away.  Sometimes the children go with Chiku's father.  Come with us sometime. go with Chiku's father.  Come with us sometime. go with Chiku's father.  Come with us sometime. We can make many trips. We can make many trips. We can make many trips. Next is Finally Tuba Got Her Next is Finally Tuba Got Her Next is Finally Tuba Got Her Chance.  Of course she is enjoying her trip Chance.  Of course she is enjoying her trip Chance.  Of course she is enjoying her trip but sometimes I feel that she is missing the children. but sometimes I feel that she is missing the children. She is missing the children.  She is She is missing the children.  She is She is missing the children.  She is missing Ayan a lot.  Then she is missing Ayan a lot.  Then she is missing Ayan a lot.  Then she is missing the kids.  Next is missing the kids.  Next is missing the kids.  Next is why did Payal not take Rudra with her?  He is a small baby.   Let's do it like this. why did Payal not take Rudra with her?  He is a small baby.   Let's do it like this. why did Payal not take Rudra with her?  He is a small baby.   Let's do it like this. Gather the whole family and take Gather the whole family and take Gather the whole family and take Sara away.   Nothing will be Sara away.   Nothing will be Sara away.   Nothing will be visible in that too.   Nothing will be visible in that too.   Nothing will be visible in that too.   Nothing will be visible in that also.  Look, let me visible in that also.  Look, let me visible in that also.  Look, let me tell you about Rudra.  When Rudra tell you about Rudra.  When Rudra tell you about Rudra.  When Rudra goes to the farm, he becomes completely red.  That causes goes to the farm, he becomes completely red.  That causes goes to the farm, he becomes completely red.  That causes all the rashes.  Now the weather in Goa is all the rashes.  Now the weather in Goa is all the rashes.  Now the weather in Goa is very rainy there.   It very rainy there.   It very rainy there.   It is completely humid.   It is completely humid.   It is completely humid.   It is so humid.  A child gets bitten by an insect. is so humid.  A child gets bitten by an insect. is so humid.  A child gets bitten by an insect. Some people will then tell the child that you are carrying such a small Some people will then tell the child that you are carrying such a small Some people will then tell the child that you are carrying such a small child.  Golu was at home, we could child.  Golu was at home, we could child.  Golu was at home, we could not give it to her.  Remember last not give it to her.  Remember last not give it to her.  Remember last time my friend fell ill.   Oh, time my friend fell ill.   Oh, time my friend fell ill.   Oh, how sick I was. how sick I was. how sick I was. He had a high fever.  Brother, he had a very high fever, after He had a high fever.  Brother, he had a very high fever, after He had a high fever.  Brother, he had a very high fever, after giving medicines overnight, that boy was like this. giving medicines overnight, that boy was like this. That child was so sad during the entire trip, he had high fever for two days That child was so sad during the entire trip, he had high fever for two days That child was so sad during the entire trip, he had high fever for two days but we took him to Goa.  What do we do but we took him to Goa.  What do we do but we took him to Goa.  What do we do ?  We had our tickets.  So brother Rudra is with me. ?  We had our tickets.  So brother Rudra is with me. ?  We had our tickets.  So brother Rudra is with me. Absolutely fine.  He is happy.  Armaan Absolutely fine.  He is happy.  Armaan Absolutely fine.  He is happy.  Armaan Uncle, Payal Aunty, Kritika Aunty, Laksh Didi, Uncle, Payal Aunty, Kritika Aunty, Laksh Didi, Uncle, Payal Aunty, Kritika Aunty, Laksh Didi, Lakshmi Didi [laughs] Lakshmi Didi [laughs] Lakshmi Didi [laughs] I am younger, right?  I look bigger than tea. I am younger, right?  I look bigger than tea. I am younger, right?  I look bigger than tea. But no no, But no no, But no no, I look older to you.  Payal I look older to you.  Payal I look older to you.  Payal looks the youngest.  Tubayan zad ruda chiku looks the youngest.  Tubayan zad ruda chiku looks the youngest.  Tubayan zad ruda chiku so beautiful.  Payal I was watching your old vlogs.  She was so beautiful.  Payal I was watching your old vlogs.  She was so beautiful.  Payal I was watching your old vlogs.  She was commenting.  You never read my comments. commenting.  You never read my comments. commenting.  You never read my comments. Thank you so much.  I Thank you so much.  I Thank you so much.  I read your comment and you read your comment and you read your comment and you wrote with so much love.  Do you know what Choti's guys talk about wrote with so much love.  Do you know what Choti's guys talk about wrote with so much love.  Do you know what Choti's guys talk about ?  When a person's height is neither a little longer ?  When a person's height is neither a little longer ?  When a person's height is neither a little longer nor a little more.  So it automatically nor a little more.  So it automatically nor a little more.  So it automatically looks bigger.  Whose height is neither looks bigger.  Whose height is neither looks bigger.  Whose height is neither short nor thin.  Thin and so he short nor thin.  Thin and so he short nor thin.  Thin and so he looks small.  Payal will not grow old forever, even in old age. looks small.  Payal will not grow old forever, even in old age. I will come as soon as possible.  If we compare then I will come as soon as possible.  If we compare then I will come as soon as possible.  If we compare then I will grow old quickly.  My face will I will grow old quickly.  My face will I will grow old quickly.  My face will age quickly.  It will not fit on Payal. age quickly.  It will not fit on Payal. age quickly.  It will not fit on Payal. Because Payal Na will look young.  The cheek Because Payal Na will look young.  The cheek Because Payal Na will look young.  The cheek looks something like this.  Next is Har Har Mahadev.  Hats looks something like this.  Next is Har Har Mahadev.  Hats looks something like this.  Next is Har Har Mahadev.  Hats off to Armaan sir.  You motivated the situation. off to Armaan sir.  You motivated the situation. off to Armaan sir.  You motivated the situation. This is the best blogger.  The This is the best blogger.  The This is the best blogger.  The motivation he provided was of a different level. motivation he provided was of a different level. motivation he provided was of a different level. No one could really do it.  Next is No one could really do it.  Next is No one could really do it.  Next is Ankita's Armaan You Should Know This Payal Is A Ankita's Armaan You Should Know This Payal Is A Ankita's Armaan You Should Know This Payal Is A Lucky Charm For Your Family.  Wherever she goes, she Lucky Charm For Your Family.  Wherever she goes, she Lucky Charm For Your Family.  Wherever she goes, she brings positive vibes.  She is a strong and brings positive vibes.  She is a strong and brings positive vibes.  She is a strong and confident lady.  It is born with complete details and full confident lady.  It is born with complete details and full confident lady.  It is born with complete details and full explanation.  One should explanation.  One should explanation.  One should spend time with Payal.  Armaan just spend time with Payal.  Armaan just spend time with Payal.  Armaan just pretends.  Brother, I don't understand. pretends.  Brother, I don't understand. pretends.  Brother, I don't understand. I don't understand.  Guys why do you guys say that I don't understand.  Guys why do you guys say that I don't understand.  Guys why do you guys say that he is showing off. he is showing off. he is showing off. Where should the poor man go?  Whatever he is in his situation, Where should the poor man go?  Whatever he is in his situation, Where should the poor man go?  Whatever he is in his situation, he is absolutely fine.  He he is absolutely fine.  He he is absolutely fine.  He sees everything.  Look at your children.   Let's look at sees everything.  Look at your children.   Let's look at sees everything.  Look at your children.   Let's look at our family.  They are taking us forward. our family.  They are taking us forward. He taught blogging to our entire family.  Meaning, whatever that He taught blogging to our entire family.  Meaning, whatever that He taught blogging to our entire family.  Meaning, whatever that man does, he is treating me like a single person.   I am man does, he is treating me like a single person.   I am singing.  Went into the singing line.   I singing.  Went into the singing line.   I singing.  Went into the singing line.   I told the children about family, team and everything and gave them money.   Isn't it that you told the children about family, team and everything and gave them money.   Isn't it that you told the children about family, team and everything and gave them money.   Isn't it that you handle everything yourself? handle everything yourself? handle everything yourself? Whether it is for the team, whether it is a situation at home Whether it is for the team, whether it is a situation at home Whether it is for the team, whether it is a situation at home , or any situation outside.   There are , or any situation outside.   There are , or any situation outside.   There are many problems going on many problems going on many problems going on in life, I am handling them all myself.   He is in life, I am handling them all myself.   He is in life, I am handling them all myself.   He is also handling the children himself.  So let me also handling the children himself.  So let me also handling the children himself.  So let me read the next comment, Simran read the next comment, Simran read the next comment, Simran Gupta.  Bua's vlog with Payal and Tuba Gupta.  Bua's vlog with Payal and Tuba Gupta.  Bua's vlog with Payal and Tuba became interesting as she gave both of them princess became interesting as she gave both of them princess became interesting as she gave both of them princess treatment.  Dress Tuba in beautiful clothes. treatment.  Dress Tuba in beautiful clothes. Shopping for special cute clothes for Tuba.  Tuba has not Shopping for special cute clothes for Tuba.  Tuba has not Shopping for special cute clothes for Tuba.  Tuba has not gone anywhere.  Please make her feel very good and special. gone anywhere.  Please make her feel very good and special. gone anywhere.  Please make her feel very good and special. Both father and daughter will enjoy it.   Please Both father and daughter will enjoy it.   Please Both father and daughter will enjoy it.   Please upload two videos of Goa daily. upload two videos of Goa daily. upload two videos of Goa daily. Payal Arman Tuba.  First of all, Payal Arman Tuba.  First of all, Payal Arman Tuba.  First of all, before leaving he had said that we are just before leaving he had said that we are just before leaving he had said that we are just going for a walk and maybe Vogs might not come.  But he's going for a walk and maybe Vogs might not come.  But he's going for a walk and maybe Vogs might not come.  But he's still posting vlogs.  Everyone had still posting vlogs.  Everyone had still posting vlogs.  Everyone had planned this for Tuba at home planned this for Tuba at home planned this for Tuba at home while packing that we will take very few clothes from here.  We will while packing that we will take very few clothes from here.  We will while packing that we will take very few clothes from here.  We will buy colourful clothes from there and by buy colourful clothes from there and by buy colourful clothes from there and by wearing colourful Goa clothes there, we have to make Tuba wearing colourful Goa clothes there, we have to make Tuba wearing colourful Goa clothes there, we have to make Tuba feel special in front of Papa. feel special in front of Papa. feel special in front of Papa. Less clothes were taken from here. Less clothes were taken from here. Less clothes were taken from here. Less clothes have been taken from here.  Tuba was Less clothes have been taken from here.  Tuba was Less clothes have been taken from here.  Tuba was wearing such a beautiful dress right now.  How beautiful she looked with it wearing such a beautiful dress right now.  How beautiful she looked with it wearing such a beautiful dress right now.  How beautiful she looked with it tied from behind.  And in fact, tied from behind.  And in fact, tied from behind.  And in fact, we didn't even make Zad and Ryan we didn't even make Zad and Ryan we didn't even make Zad and Ryan wear anything.  We had made him wear anything.  We had made him wear anything.  We had made him wear that red coat set.   I had wear that red coat set.   I had wear that red coat set.   I had taken only one set of clothes. taken only one set of clothes. taken only one set of clothes. Yes, I had bought the same clothes.  I will Yes, I had bought the same clothes.  I will Yes, I had bought the same clothes.  I will show you the clothes now.  Ok.  Next show you the clothes now.  Ok.  Next show you the clothes now.  Ok.  Next is Golu Zad's evil eye on the trip.  What happened is Golu Zad's evil eye on the trip.  What happened is Golu Zad's evil eye on the trip.  What happened to Chiku's father did not happen. to Chiku's father did not happen. to Chiku's father did not happen. Like me, he got my and Zad's evil eye, Like me, he got my and Zad's evil eye, Like me, he got my and Zad's evil eye, I was blowing the difference while sitting at home. I was blowing the difference while sitting at home. I was blowing the difference while sitting at home. Who cast an evil eye on the house that was on fire and all these things?   Do Who cast an evil eye on the house that was on fire and all these things?   Do n't know who cast the evil eye on me?  You must have got it. n't know who cast the evil eye on me?  You must have got it. n't know who cast the evil eye on me?  You must have got it. One is I Am Pilot. One is I Am Pilot. One is I Am Pilot. She comes here again later. She comes here again later. She comes here again later. I am a pilot.  All this happens because of the wind.  It I am a pilot.  All this happens because of the wind.  It I am a pilot.  All this happens because of the wind.  It moves very fast outside.  Yes, disturbance occurs moves very fast outside.  Yes, disturbance occurs moves very fast outside.  Yes, disturbance occurs due to wind.  You said it absolutely right. due to wind.  You said it absolutely right. due to wind.  You said it absolutely right. Look [sound of clearing throat] you're the Look [sound of clearing throat] you're the Look [sound of clearing throat] you're the pilot.  You are a pilot.  You are used to it.  We are pilot.  You are a pilot.  You are used to it.  We are pilot.  You are a pilot.  You are used to it.  We are not used to it.  We are sitting on the same flight not used to it.  We are sitting on the same flight not used to it.  We are sitting on the same flight sometimes. sometimes. sometimes. We are sitting in the clouds, so it happens in the clouds.  It We are sitting in the clouds, so it happens in the clouds.  It We are sitting in the clouds, so it happens in the clouds.  It moves a little bit.  But suddenly becoming like this.   The moves a little bit.  But suddenly becoming like this.   The fear is getting worse.  To get a shock.   Falling down fear is getting worse.  To get a shock.   Falling down fear is getting worse.  To get a shock.   Falling down again and again. again and again. again and again. And stay in the air for an hour.  Dude is human.   Will get scared.  I am dying.  The And stay in the air for an hour.  Dude is human.   Will get scared.  I am dying.  The And stay in the air for an hour.  Dude is human.   Will get scared.  I am dying.  The family is sitting.   There family is sitting.   There family is sitting.   There is no network.  Some have is no network.  Some have is no network.  Some have no network.  No one no network.  No one no network.  No one can make a call.  I am sitting here thinking that can make a call.  I am sitting here thinking that can make a call.  I am sitting here thinking that Payal Chiku Papa has not arrived.  Nothing, Payal Chiku Papa has not arrived.  Nothing, Payal Chiku Papa has not arrived.  Nothing, how late it is, it has not reached, how late it is, it has how late it is, it has not reached, how late it is, it has how late it is, it has not reached, how late it is, it has not reached, it is something that is tensed brother, this is not reached, it is something that is tensed brother, this is not reached, it is something that is tensed brother, this is original, it is not scripted, no guys, original, it is not scripted, no guys, original, it is not scripted, no guys, this was a complete scripted vlog, Chiku's father had this was a complete scripted vlog, Chiku's father had this was a complete scripted vlog, Chiku's father had given money to the pilot to do all this so that it becomes a given money to the pilot to do all this so that it becomes a given money to the pilot to do all this so that it becomes a vlog, he was a very good pilot, vlog, he was a very good pilot, vlog, he was a very good pilot, listened to Chiku's father, you should also do it like this next listened to Chiku's father, you should also do it like this next listened to Chiku's father, you should also do it like this next time, if you are going somewhere then do it like this, time, if you are going somewhere then do it like this, time, if you are going somewhere then do it like this, next thing is do next thing is do next thing is do travel by train, it is safe brother, travel by train, it is safe brother, travel by train, it is safe brother, train is safe but now sometimes trains also train is safe but now sometimes trains also train is safe but now sometimes trains also overturn, it is a overturn, it is a overturn, it is a matter of luck, there is nothing greater than luck, matter of luck, there is nothing greater than luck, matter of luck, there is nothing greater than luck, guys trains also overturn, guys trains also overturn, guys trains also overturn, people's vehicles get damaged, so people's vehicles get damaged, so many times trains also meet with accidents, God forbid something like this should happen, trains many times trains also meet with accidents, God forbid something like this should happen, trains many times trains also meet with accidents, God forbid something like this should happen, trains also meet with accidents.  Well, when Payal goes out to meet also meet with accidents.  Well, when Payal goes out to meet also meet with accidents.  Well, when Payal goes out to meet Armaan, some problem or the other occurs in Golu's house. Armaan, some problem or the other occurs in Golu's house. Armaan, some problem or the other occurs in Golu's house. Gaius was Gaius was Gaius was absolutely right.  Yesterday I had a absolutely right.  Yesterday I had a absolutely right.  Yesterday I had a fire in the power circuit.  I felt like it.  It had been a long time. fire in the power circuit.  I felt like it.  It had been a long time. fire in the power circuit.  I felt like it.  It had been a long time. I did not spend any money.  So I did not spend any money.  So I did not spend any money.  So I thought ₹200 ₹1200 money has been collected. I thought ₹200 ₹1200 money has been collected. I thought ₹200 ₹1200 money has been collected. O I first set fire to the power circuit. O I first set fire to the power circuit. O I first set fire to the power circuit. Then what did I do?  You will believe guys, there are Then what did I do?  You will believe guys, there are Then what did I do?  You will believe guys, there are B1, B2, B3, B4 towers in my society. B1, B2, B3, B4 towers in my society. B1, B2, B3, B4 towers in my society. I turned off the gas to the entire building. I turned off the gas to the entire building. I turned off the gas to the entire building. Your sister has a lot of influence.  [laughs] I have a Your sister has a lot of influence.  [laughs] I have a Your sister has a lot of influence.  [laughs] I have a lot of reach.  I feel like it today.  Today lot of reach.  I feel like it today.  Today lot of reach.  I feel like it today.  Today I am happy guys because my I am happy guys because my I am happy guys because my makeup stuff has come back from NYC.  So I have to makeup stuff has come back from NYC.  So I have to makeup stuff has come back from NYC.  So I have to unbox it quickly.  I am very happy.  These unbox it quickly.  I am very happy.  These unbox it quickly.  I am very happy.  These are my makeup items.  Ok?   I was are my makeup items.  Ok?   I was are my makeup items.  Ok?   I was just giving it like that.  So I quickly just giving it like that.  So I quickly just giving it like that.  So I quickly closed all the gas societies.  Then closed all the gas societies.  Then closed all the gas societies.  Then I called the Adani people. I called the Adani people. I called the Adani people. I told the Adani people to turn I told the Adani people to turn I told the Adani people to turn off the gas for 24 hours.  Then he messaged me. off the gas for 24 hours.  Then he messaged me. off the gas for 24 hours.  Then he messaged me. Send a message to the entire society.  Then Send a message to the entire society.  Then Send a message to the entire society.  Then my manager from the society sent me a my manager from the society sent me a my manager from the society sent me a message saying, you are informed that the message saying, you are informed that the message saying, you are informed that the Adani gas pipeline has been damaged. Adani gas pipeline has been damaged. Adani gas pipeline has been damaged. On Ambala Chandigarh Highway.  We will repair it On Ambala Chandigarh Highway.  We will repair it On Ambala Chandigarh Highway.  We will repair it and your gas will arrive by 9:30. and your gas will arrive by 9:30. and your gas will arrive by 9:30. So she went at 6:00 in the evening.  Then he So she went at 6:00 in the evening.  Then he So she went at 6:00 in the evening.  Then he said 9:30, after 9:30 he said 9:30, after 9:30 he said 9:30, after 9:30 he said 6:00 in the morning and now he said 6:00 in the evening, so it is going to be said 6:00 in the morning and now he said 6:00 in the evening, so it is going to be said 6:00 in the morning and now he said 6:00 in the evening, so it is going to be 24 hours.  So I do 24 hours.  So I do 24 hours.  So I do all this from behind.  I don't know all this from behind.  I don't know all this from behind.  I don't know what I will do tomorrow, I can reach tomorrow, right? what I will do tomorrow, I can reach tomorrow, right? what I will do tomorrow, I can reach tomorrow, right? Or I'll do something else tomorrow.  I will see what Or I'll do something else tomorrow.  I will see what Or I'll do something else tomorrow.  I will see what comes to my mind.  Now the next one is Lakshya, comes to my mind.  Now the next one is Lakshya, comes to my mind.  Now the next one is Lakshya, please answer it.  Rudra does please answer it.  Rudra does please answer it.  Rudra does n't know what she drinks or feeds him. n't know what she drinks or feeds him. n't know what she drinks or feeds him. Rudra drinks only milk.  He Rudra drinks only milk.  He Rudra drinks only milk.  He remains happy in his own world.  Whether he stays at home or on the farm. remains happy in his own world.  Whether he stays at home or on the farm. remains happy in his own world.  Whether he stays at home or on the farm. He is a very cool kid.  He neither cries He is a very cool kid.  He neither cries He is a very cool kid.  He neither cries nor troubles.  Nothing.  He enjoys nor troubles.  Nothing.  He enjoys nor troubles.  Nothing.  He enjoys drinking milk.  He sleeps.  Does.  Just yes.  And drinking milk.  He sleeps.  Does.  Just yes.  And drinking milk.  He sleeps.  Does.  Just yes.  And I am handling it well.  Don't I am handling it well.  Don't I am handling it well.  Don't worry at all.  So guys, here I worry at all.  So guys, here I worry at all.  So guys, here I called Ayan.  I am not showing his photo to Ayan. called Ayan.  I am not showing his photo to Ayan. called Ayan.  I am not showing his photo to Ayan. We enjoyed Goa so much, a We enjoyed Goa so much, a We enjoyed Goa so much, a lot inside Goa.  This lot inside Goa.  This lot inside Goa.  This photo was clicked by Laksh.  Son, this is the medicine. photo was clicked by Laksh.  Son, this is the medicine. photo was clicked by Laksh.  Son, this is the medicine. Look Anu, look this one of yours, should I Look Anu, look this one of yours, should I Look Anu, look this one of yours, should I show you Anu your photo from Goa?  Anu show you Anu your photo from Goa?  Anu show you Anu your photo from Goa?  Anu also bathed in the pool.  Do you know also bathed in the pool.  Do you know also bathed in the pool.  Do you know what you did in the pool?  You did it, do you what you did in the pool?  You did it, do you what you did in the pool?  You did it, do you know how much you enjoyed it guys?  Look, know how much you enjoyed it guys?  Look, know how much you enjoyed it guys?  Look, I had dressed both the children in the same clothes. I had dressed both the children in the same clothes. I had dressed both the children in the same clothes. These are all my photos from Goa. These are all my photos from Goa. These are all my photos from Goa. So guys let's just end this comment. So guys let's just end this comment. So guys let's just end this comment. See you in the next vlog.  Bye See you in the next vlog.  Bye See you in the next vlog.  Bye guys, take care, everyone.