What's going on you guys? Welcome back What's going on you guys? Welcome back What's going on you guys? Welcome back to the YouTube channel. My name is Brian to the YouTube channel. My name is Brian to the YouTube channel. My name is Brian Rodriguez and today we're doing another Rodriguez and today we're doing another Rodriguez and today we're doing another product review. I want to thank our product review. I want to thank our product review. I want to thank our partners XVive for once again sending a partners XVive for once again sending a partners XVive for once again sending a product for us to review. First we product for us to review. First we product for us to review. First we started out with the P3 Bluetooth system started out with the P3 Bluetooth system started out with the P3 Bluetooth system and today we're doing the U35 microphone and today we're doing the U35 microphone and today we're doing the U35 microphone wireless system. This is a really cool wireless system. This is a really cool wireless system. This is a really cool product because it could be used as a product because it could be used as a product because it could be used as a transmitter or receiver. So, let's take transmitter or receiver. So, let's take transmitter or receiver. So, let's take a closer look and show you guys what a closer look and show you guys what a closer look and show you guys what we're talking about. See you on the next we're talking about. See you on the next we're talking about. See you on the next clip. We're now going to do a quick clip. We're now going to do a quick clip. We're now going to do a quick unboxing of this product for you guys. unboxing of this product for you guys. unboxing of this product for you guys. The box that it comes in is very nice, The box that it comes in is very nice, The box that it comes in is very nice, very high quality. very high quality. very high quality. Open this thing up and show you guys Open this thing up and show you guys Open this thing up and show you guys what's inside as well. So, we've got our manual here. Comes with a beautiful carrying case Comes with a beautiful carrying case Comes with a beautiful carrying case here. Keep your product nice and here. Keep your product nice and here. Keep your product nice and protected. protected. protected. They also send a pamphlet with other They also send a pamphlet with other They also send a pamphlet with other products that X5 make, products that X5 make, products that X5 make, which by the way, we highly recommend on which by the way, we highly recommend on which by the way, we highly recommend on this channel. This is a P3 I was telling this channel. This is a P3 I was telling this channel. This is a P3 I was telling you guys about that X5 also sent to us you guys about that X5 also sent to us you guys about that X5 also sent to us that we have a review on this channel if that we have a review on this channel if that we have a review on this channel if you guys want to check it out. So, you guys want to check it out. So, you guys want to check it out. So, that's always cool. that's always cool. that's always cool. your warranty card, your warranty card, your warranty card, your charging cable. So, this is USBC. So, this is USBC. So, this is USBC. What's very cool is you have a one What's very cool is you have a one What's very cool is you have a one regular USB, I believe these are to USBC regular USB, I believe these are to USBC regular USB, I believe these are to USBC on both sides. So, you could charge both on both sides. So, you could charge both on both sides. So, you could charge both units with one charging port or one units with one charging port or one units with one charging port or one power supply. And when I flip this over, power supply. And when I flip this over, power supply. And when I flip this over, we have our product here. Now, one thing to note, this is made of Now, one thing to note, this is made of Now, one thing to note, this is made of metal and plastic. metal and plastic. metal and plastic. It's got a nice heavy feel. Like, this It's got a nice heavy feel. Like, this It's got a nice heavy feel. Like, this is not a cheap product whatsoever. is not a cheap product whatsoever. is not a cheap product whatsoever. You can see here, this is all metal. You can see here, this is all metal. You can see here, this is all metal. Very nice construction. Now, let's take Very nice construction. Now, let's take Very nice construction. Now, let's take a quick look at the two units. On the a quick look at the two units. On the a quick look at the two units. On the left side, we have your transmitter. On left side, we have your transmitter. On left side, we have your transmitter. On the right side, we have the receiver. the right side, we have the receiver. the right side, we have the receiver. Really nice. Once again, you have your Really nice. Once again, you have your Really nice. Once again, you have your switch for mic and line. The mic is switch for mic and line. The mic is switch for mic and line. The mic is going to give you zero zero dB input going to give you zero zero dB input going to give you zero zero dB input signal strength. The line side will give signal strength. The line side will give signal strength. The line side will give you -10 decel of input signal strength. you -10 decel of input signal strength. you -10 decel of input signal strength. The mic will be stronger, of course, The mic will be stronger, of course, The mic will be stronger, of course, that way you have a little more gain. that way you have a little more gain. that way you have a little more gain. You have your onoff switch or on and You have your onoff switch or on and You have your onoff switch or on and mute. This is the button to select mute. This is the button to select mute. This is the button to select between the channels. You have a total between the channels. You have a total between the channels. You have a total of six channels. And the button in the of six channels. And the button in the of six channels. And the button in the middle, you can flick in between them. middle, you can flick in between them. middle, you can flick in between them. You'll have, if you have no uh light on You'll have, if you have no uh light on You'll have, if you have no uh light on this, that means you have 100% to 30%, this, that means you have 100% to 30%, this, that means you have 100% to 30%, but once a solid red light comes, that but once a solid red light comes, that but once a solid red light comes, that means you're under 30%, so you should means you're under 30%, so you should means you're under 30%, so you should start charging it. If it's flickering start charging it. If it's flickering start charging it. If it's flickering red, you'll have less than 10%. This on red, you'll have less than 10%. This on red, you'll have less than 10%. This on the bottom is the charging in the the the bottom is the charging in the the the bottom is the charging in the the transmitting antenna. Same thing goes for the receiver. You Same thing goes for the receiver. You Same thing goes for the receiver. You got just your power on. You could change got just your power on. You could change got just your power on. You could change the channel. You have one through six the channel. You have one through six the channel. You have one through six channels. And then this means you're all channels. And then this means you're all channels. And then this means you're all linked up together. You also have your battery indicator You also have your battery indicator You also have your battery indicator light. Same thing. If you have no light, light. Same thing. If you have no light, light. Same thing. If you have no light, that means you're over 100% to 30. Under that means you're over 100% to 30. Under that means you're over 100% to 30. Under 30, you'll have solid red. Under 10, you 30, you'll have solid red. Under 10, you 30, you'll have solid red. Under 10, you will, of course, have flickering red will, of course, have flickering red will, of course, have flickering red light. To get a full 5 hour battery life light. To get a full 5 hour battery life light. To get a full 5 hour battery life on these, you would have to charge them on these, you would have to charge them on these, you would have to charge them for 2 and 1/2 hours. So, these will last for 2 and 1/2 hours. So, these will last for 2 and 1/2 hours. So, these will last you 5 hours of of steady signal, which you 5 hours of of steady signal, which you 5 hours of of steady signal, which is good cuz most events here are four to is good cuz most events here are four to is good cuz most events here are four to five hours. So, that gives you plenty of five hours. So, that gives you plenty of five hours. So, that gives you plenty of usage. usage. usage. If you charge it for about an hour and If you charge it for about an hour and If you charge it for about an hour and 15, you're going to get 2 hours. If you 15, you're going to get 2 hours. If you 15, you're going to get 2 hours. If you charge it for 30 minutes, you're going charge it for 30 minutes, you're going charge it for 30 minutes, you're going to get 1 hour. When the lights are to get 1 hour. When the lights are to get 1 hour. When the lights are green, that means you got 41% to 100%. green, that means you got 41% to 100%. green, that means you got 41% to 100%. Yellow light means you got 6% to 40%. Yellow light means you got 6% to 40%. Yellow light means you got 6% to 40%. Red means you're under 5%. Red blinking, Red means you're under 5%. Red blinking, Red means you're under 5%. Red blinking, you got under 1%. So, here in the back, you got under 1%. So, here in the back, you got under 1%. So, here in the back, it'll show you a few options of how you it'll show you a few options of how you it'll show you a few options of how you could use this as a dynamic microphone could use this as a dynamic microphone could use this as a dynamic microphone transmitter or a mixer transmitter. You transmitter or a mixer transmitter. You transmitter or a mixer transmitter. You could also use it for like a if you have could also use it for like a if you have could also use it for like a if you have a satellite speaker at the end of the a satellite speaker at the end of the a satellite speaker at the end of the room where you want it, you don't want room where you want it, you don't want room where you want it, you don't want to run a cord, you could just plug it to run a cord, you could just plug it to run a cord, you could just plug it into the outlet and then use this as into the outlet and then use this as into the outlet and then use this as your signal transmission. You have six your signal transmission. You have six your signal transmission. You have six channels like we mentioned, less than 5 channels like we mentioned, less than 5 channels like we mentioned, less than 5 milliseconds of latency, 5 hours of milliseconds of latency, 5 hours of milliseconds of latency, 5 hours of battery, a wide 20 Hz to 20k herz battery, a wide 20 Hz to 20k herz battery, a wide 20 Hz to 20k herz frequency response, which is pretty much frequency response, which is pretty much frequency response, which is pretty much the maximum. High resolution 24bit the maximum. High resolution 24bit the maximum. High resolution 24bit audio, audio, audio, 110 dB of dynamic range. You have about 110 dB of dynamic range. You have about 110 dB of dynamic range. You have about 100 foot signal range that also depends 100 foot signal range that also depends 100 foot signal range that also depends on the RF signal absorbing reflection on the RF signal absorbing reflection on the RF signal absorbing reflection and interference. 100 ft is plenty of and interference. 100 ft is plenty of and interference. 100 ft is plenty of room about 33 m. So yeah, now let me room about 33 m. So yeah, now let me room about 33 m. So yeah, now let me show you this working and um show you show you this working and um show you show you this working and um show you guys what it sounds like. I also just guys what it sounds like. I also just guys what it sounds like. I also just want to show you guys, sorry I have want to show you guys, sorry I have want to show you guys, sorry I have sweaty hands. [laughter] I want to show sweaty hands. [laughter] I want to show sweaty hands. [laughter] I want to show you guys if you know once you're going you guys if you know once you're going you guys if you know once you're going through the channels, the light will through the channels, the light will through the channels, the light will turn green on your receiver once you turn green on your receiver once you turn green on your receiver once you have a pair. So right here I'm on have a pair. So right here I'm on have a pair. So right here I'm on channel two. So this is one, two, bam, channel two. So this is one, two, bam, channel two. So this is one, two, bam, the light will go on. If I switch it to the light will go on. If I switch it to the light will go on. If I switch it to channel three, now we lose connection. channel three, now we lose connection. channel three, now we lose connection. So you'll know you have connection once So you'll know you have connection once So you'll know you have connection once you have a green light. you have a green light. you have a green light. Bam. So let's test this out now. So Bam. So let's test this out now. So Bam. So let's test this out now. So right now I'm just going to show you how right now I'm just going to show you how right now I'm just going to show you how quickly we can turn an old school quickly we can turn an old school quickly we can turn an old school microphone. I've had this 15 years. microphone. I've had this 15 years. microphone. I've had this 15 years. We're now going to make this a wireless We're now going to make this a wireless We're now going to make this a wireless microphone. microphone. microphone. So we're going to do is we're going to So we're going to do is we're going to So we're going to do is we're going to drive our transmitter here. drive our transmitter here. drive our transmitter here. Plug it in. Plug it in. Plug it in. This is now a wireless microphone. our This is now a wireless microphone. our This is now a wireless microphone. our receiver. We're gonna plug it into our receiver. We're gonna plug it into our receiver. We're gonna plug it into our mixer. mixer. mixer. Turn this on. Put it on microphone Turn this on. Put it on microphone Turn this on. Put it on microphone switch. switch. switch. We are on line one here. Line one here. We are on line one here. Line one here. We are on line one here. Line one here. We have a green light. So, we should be We have a green light. So, we should be We have a green light. So, we should be connected. And yes, we are connected. connected. And yes, we are connected. connected. And yes, we are connected. Now, you could see how well and good Now, you could see how well and good Now, you could see how well and good this sounds. Very crispy. I have low this sounds. Very crispy. I have low this sounds. Very crispy. I have low tone. I use my microphone a lot. And I'd tone. I use my microphone a lot. And I'd tone. I use my microphone a lot. And I'd have no problem using this. If you have have no problem using this. If you have have no problem using this. If you have an emergency situation, something goes an emergency situation, something goes an emergency situation, something goes bad with your microphone or if you just bad with your microphone or if you just bad with your microphone or if you just want to use this, there's nothing wrong want to use this, there's nothing wrong want to use this, there's nothing wrong with it either. It's just going to hang with it either. It's just going to hang with it either. It's just going to hang out of your microphone, but it is a good out of your microphone, but it is a good out of your microphone, but it is a good solution to have. I could see this solution to have. I could see this solution to have. I could see this mostly being used to deploy speakers far mostly being used to deploy speakers far mostly being used to deploy speakers far away or if you got a mixer that you want away or if you got a mixer that you want away or if you got a mixer that you want to put in the other side of the room, to put in the other side of the room, to put in the other side of the room, you know, either way. But as a you know, either way. But as a you know, either way. But as a microphone transmitter, it works great microphone transmitter, it works great microphone transmitter, it works great as well. As you can see, it's very as well. As you can see, it's very as well. As you can see, it's very crispy. No dropouts. I know I'm right crispy. No dropouts. I know I'm right crispy. No dropouts. I know I'm right next to it. I could walk down the next to it. I could walk down the next to it. I could walk down the hallway here and show you guys. hallway here and show you guys. hallway here and show you guys. So, let me walk over here. So, this is So, let me walk over here. So, this is So, let me walk over here. So, this is about 20 ft. I'm going to keep walking. about 20 ft. I'm going to keep walking. about 20 ft. I'm going to keep walking. If I keep going down here this way, I If I keep going down here this way, I If I keep going down here this way, I don't know if you guys can see me. This don't know if you guys can see me. This don't know if you guys can see me. This is going to be 40 ft about. is going to be 40 ft about. is going to be 40 ft about. So, I haven't dropped out at all. Still So, I haven't dropped out at all. Still So, I haven't dropped out at all. Still working good. Walking back. Welcome working good. Walking back. Welcome working good. Walking back. Welcome back. No dropouts whatsoever. Still back. No dropouts whatsoever. Still back. No dropouts whatsoever. Still crystal clear. crystal clear. crystal clear. No issues. So, that's about 40 ft. We No issues. So, that's about 40 ft. We No issues. So, that's about 40 ft. We had a wall in between and no issues had a wall in between and no issues had a wall in between and no issues whatsoever. So, I hope that gives you whatsoever. So, I hope that gives you whatsoever. So, I hope that gives you guys an idea of what we could do. And guys an idea of what we could do. And guys an idea of what we could do. And now, let's show it with a speaker rather now, let's show it with a speaker rather now, let's show it with a speaker rather than a microphone. So, now we're going than a microphone. So, now we're going than a microphone. So, now we're going to transmit the signal. All right. Well, to transmit the signal. All right. Well, to transmit the signal. All right. Well, we're transmitting now, but we're going we're transmitting now, but we're going we're transmitting now, but we're going to transmit audio music instead of a to transmit audio music instead of a to transmit audio music instead of a microphone. All right. See you on the microphone. All right. See you on the microphone. All right. See you on the next clip. So, now we kind of have this next clip. So, now we kind of have this next clip. So, now we kind of have this set up a little bit differently. So, now set up a little bit differently. So, now set up a little bit differently. So, now the transmitter is on the output of our the transmitter is on the output of our the transmitter is on the output of our mixer. So, we're sending signal out and mixer. So, we're sending signal out and mixer. So, we're sending signal out and we're receiving it with the speaker. So, we're receiving it with the speaker. So, we're receiving it with the speaker. So, you see the receiver back there in the you see the receiver back there in the you see the receiver back there in the speaker. [singing] So, this will work great if you have a So, this will work great if you have a So, this will work great if you have a speaker that you want to put far away in speaker that you want to put far away in speaker that you want to put far away in the other side of the room or you have a the other side of the room or you have a the other side of the room or you have a multiple room setup. As long as you're multiple room setup. As long as you're multiple room setup. As long as you're within that 100 ft, you should be okay. within that 100 ft, you should be okay. within that 100 ft, you should be okay. We also flick the switch on the We also flick the switch on the We also flick the switch on the transmitter to the line. And as you can transmitter to the line. And as you can transmitter to the line. And as you can see, it sounds great. >> [music] >> And that, my friends, is the review of >> And that, my friends, is the review of >> And that, my friends, is the review of the XVive U35 microphone wireless the XVive U35 microphone wireless the XVive U35 microphone wireless system. I hope I was able to show you system. I hope I was able to show you system. I hope I was able to show you guys and kind of explain how it works. guys and kind of explain how it works. guys and kind of explain how it works. You're kind of doing the same thing You're kind of doing the same thing You're kind of doing the same thing where you're sending the signal either where you're sending the signal either where you're sending the signal either from a mixer or from a microphone, but from a mixer or from a microphone, but from a mixer or from a microphone, but you're setting it up the opposite where you're setting it up the opposite where you're setting it up the opposite where now you have the transmitter on the now you have the transmitter on the now you have the transmitter on the mixer and the receiver on the speaker mixer and the receiver on the speaker mixer and the receiver on the speaker rather than having the receiver on the rather than having the receiver on the rather than having the receiver on the mixer and the transmitter on the mixer and the transmitter on the mixer and the transmitter on the microphone. I hope that made sense. But microphone. I hope that made sense. But microphone. I hope that made sense. But this works really well. Crystal clear this works really well. Crystal clear this works really well. Crystal clear sound. The batteries do work for 5 sound. The batteries do work for 5 sound. The batteries do work for 5 hours. I have tried them. I've used this hours. I have tried them. I've used this hours. I have tried them. I've used this at like a deployed it in a different at like a deployed it in a different at like a deployed it in a different room where people wanted to hear the room where people wanted to hear the room where people wanted to hear the music, but not, you know, I didn't need music, but not, you know, I didn't need music, but not, you know, I didn't need to be there, but just as background to be there, but just as background to be there, but just as background sound to what was going on at the main sound to what was going on at the main sound to what was going on at the main event. So, that was cool. So, we had a event. So, that was cool. So, we had a event. So, that was cool. So, we had a bar area. I had a speaker there so bar area. I had a speaker there so bar area. I had a speaker there so people could still be at the bar people could still be at the bar people could still be at the bar listening to what was going on at the listening to what was going on at the listening to what was going on at the party, hear any announcements and stuff party, hear any announcements and stuff party, hear any announcements and stuff like that, but I didn't have to run a like that, but I didn't have to run a like that, but I didn't have to run a wire. So, I got to the bar, put the wire. So, I got to the bar, put the wire. So, I got to the bar, put the speaker plugged into the outlet, put my speaker plugged into the outlet, put my speaker plugged into the outlet, put my transmitter and receiver in. I'm still transmitter and receiver in. I'm still transmitter and receiver in. I'm still doing my party, doing the vibe. doing my party, doing the vibe. doing my party, doing the vibe. Everything is in the reception room, but Everything is in the reception room, but Everything is in the reception room, but at the bar, people could still know. So, at the bar, people could still know. So, at the bar, people could still know. So, if I'm making an announcement, like if I'm making an announcement, like if I'm making an announcement, like there's the cake cutting about to there's the cake cutting about to there's the cake cutting about to happen, people could leave from the bar happen, people could leave from the bar happen, people could leave from the bar and head over to the party. So, that's and head over to the party. So, that's and head over to the party. So, that's it. Everything XVive is very well built, it. Everything XVive is very well built, it. Everything XVive is very well built, great customer service. Anytime I've had great customer service. Anytime I've had great customer service. Anytime I've had a problem, I reach out to them. But, um, a problem, I reach out to them. But, um, a problem, I reach out to them. But, um, fortunately, the only time we've had to fortunately, the only time we've had to fortunately, the only time we've had to reach out is to do product reviews reach out is to do product reviews reach out is to do product reviews because I've never had an issue yet. because I've never had an issue yet. because I've never had an issue yet. Like I said, the quality is great. All Like I said, the quality is great. All Like I said, the quality is great. All metal construction. I could see this, metal construction. I could see this, metal construction. I could see this, you know, lasting a long time. I've had you know, lasting a long time. I've had you know, lasting a long time. I've had my P3 already 3 four years and uh with my P3 already 3 four years and uh with my P3 already 3 four years and uh with without any issues. So yeah, I hope you without any issues. So yeah, I hope you without any issues. So yeah, I hope you guys liked the video. If you did, if you guys liked the video. If you did, if you guys liked the video. If you did, if you have any questions, please like, have any questions, please like, have any questions, please like, comment, I can reach out to X5 for you comment, I can reach out to X5 for you comment, I can reach out to X5 for you guys or try to help you with any guys or try to help you with any guys or try to help you with any questions I could answer. And yeah, I'll questions I could answer. And yeah, I'll questions I could answer. And yeah, I'll leave a link on the bottom so you guys leave a link on the bottom so you guys leave a link on the bottom so you guys can get a discount and uh buy this for can get a discount and uh buy this for can get a discount and uh buy this for yourselves. And uh I'll see you guys in yourselves. And uh I'll see you guys in yourselves. And uh I'll see you guys in the next video. All right, we have some the next video. All right, we have some the next video. All right, we have some giglog footage that we haven't put giglog footage that we haven't put giglog footage that we haven't put together yet, but we're going to start together yet, but we're going to start together yet, but we're going to start releasing. So, I'll see you guys in the releasing. So, I'll see you guys in the releasing. So, I'll see you guys in the next video. You guys have it going and next video. You guys have it going and next video. You guys have it going and see you in the next video. Keep them see you in the next video. Keep them see you in the next video. Keep them rocking. Peace.