Welcome to my product test video for
this stuff right here. This is Lucas Oil
Products power steering stop leak renews
your rack and pinion. Yeah, we'll find
out. See that right there? That is from
my rack and pinion because unfortunately
on my
2007 Toyota Avalon that has the most
amazing V6 in the world, the rack and
pinion system is leaking unfortunately.
So, this eventually happens to all cars
once you get enough miles on them. The
rack and pinion that I cannot show you
is leaking power steering fluid from the
seals. But instead of spending, you
know, $500 to $1,000 to do this, cuz I
can't do this on my own. I just don't
have the time. I don't have the tools.
But instead of spending that on this
car, I'm going to put Stop Leak inside
of it, and I'm going to see what
happens. Now, using Stop Leak on a car
is extremely frowned upon. People will
tell you that you're an idiot for doing
it, but there are other people who
actually do this and they stop the
leaking for at least a few months or
maybe even a few
years, which is my goal. So, here's the
fl uh the power steering fluid reservoir
right here. And this is where we're
going to put that stuff. We're going to
open it up. So, right now, the power
steering is low, and that's the perfect
point where you want to put this stuff
in. We're just going to replace the
power steering fluid with the Lucas stop
leak. So, let's do that now. All right.
So, after you cut the tip, you also have
to remove the seal that's under the cap
right
here. Like that. Wow. Look at that
stuff.
E. All right. I know a lot of you are
cringing saying, "Don't use this stuff.
Never use stop leak." Well, again, this
car is probably worth like 2 or three
grand, and I think it's worth trying.
So, let's do that. So, I'm just going to
go ahead
and pour this in here. It's super super
thick. So, if you look at the side of
the reservoir, you can see the level.
And uh I think I'm about where I want to
be. So, we're going to stop.
And if this continues to leak out, I'm
going to just top it off each time I
need to. And then what I'll do is I'll
wait a while before I actually put this
video out so that I can tell you if this
stuff actually
works. All right, it's now been about a
month of running this stuff and let me
give you the results. So, there's no
more leaking under the car. I can now
park this thing for at least a few hours
or a few days, and there's no more leaks
coming from the rack and pinion system
from under the car. So, this reservoir
was going completely empty once a week.
It's now been about two or three weeks
and it has not been refilled. Now, you
can see it does still leak. You mean
this is not magic. It's going to leak a
little bit. You see how it's low and I'm
about to refill it. But after using this
stuff for a month, I can tell you
straight up that it works amazingly
well. If you want to slow down the leak
of your rack and pinion system, this
stuff works great. And before I get the
comments, no, I'm not sponsored or
anything. I'm not being paid for this.
I'm just straight up telling you that
this works very, very well, at least for
my case. Yeah. So, if you do have a rack
and pinion leak, try this stuff out if
you want to slow it down
substantially. And uh that's about it.
That's my honest review of this stuff. I
hope it helps you out. Thank you for
watching. Bye-bye.
