Welcome to my product test video for Welcome to my product test video for Welcome to my product test video for this stuff right here. This is Lucas Oil this stuff right here. This is Lucas Oil this stuff right here. This is Lucas Oil Products power steering stop leak renews Products power steering stop leak renews Products power steering stop leak renews your rack and pinion. Yeah, we'll find your rack and pinion. Yeah, we'll find your rack and pinion. Yeah, we'll find out. See that right there? That is from out. See that right there? That is from out. See that right there? That is from my rack and pinion because unfortunately my rack and pinion because unfortunately my rack and pinion because unfortunately on my on my on my 2007 Toyota Avalon that has the most 2007 Toyota Avalon that has the most 2007 Toyota Avalon that has the most amazing V6 in the world, the rack and amazing V6 in the world, the rack and amazing V6 in the world, the rack and pinion system is leaking unfortunately. pinion system is leaking unfortunately. pinion system is leaking unfortunately. So, this eventually happens to all cars So, this eventually happens to all cars So, this eventually happens to all cars once you get enough miles on them. The once you get enough miles on them. The once you get enough miles on them. The rack and pinion that I cannot show you rack and pinion that I cannot show you rack and pinion that I cannot show you is leaking power steering fluid from the is leaking power steering fluid from the is leaking power steering fluid from the seals. But instead of spending, you seals. But instead of spending, you seals. But instead of spending, you know, $500 to $1,000 to do this, cuz I know, $500 to $1,000 to do this, cuz I know, $500 to $1,000 to do this, cuz I can't do this on my own. I just don't can't do this on my own. I just don't can't do this on my own. I just don't have the time. I don't have the tools. have the time. I don't have the tools. have the time. I don't have the tools. But instead of spending that on this But instead of spending that on this But instead of spending that on this car, I'm going to put Stop Leak inside car, I'm going to put Stop Leak inside car, I'm going to put Stop Leak inside of it, and I'm going to see what of it, and I'm going to see what of it, and I'm going to see what happens. Now, using Stop Leak on a car happens. Now, using Stop Leak on a car happens. Now, using Stop Leak on a car is extremely frowned upon. People will is extremely frowned upon. People will is extremely frowned upon. People will tell you that you're an idiot for doing tell you that you're an idiot for doing tell you that you're an idiot for doing it, but there are other people who it, but there are other people who it, but there are other people who actually do this and they stop the actually do this and they stop the actually do this and they stop the leaking for at least a few months or leaking for at least a few months or leaking for at least a few months or maybe even a few maybe even a few maybe even a few years, which is my goal. So, here's the years, which is my goal. So, here's the years, which is my goal. So, here's the fl uh the power steering fluid reservoir fl uh the power steering fluid reservoir fl uh the power steering fluid reservoir right here. And this is where we're right here. And this is where we're right here. And this is where we're going to put that stuff. We're going to going to put that stuff. We're going to going to put that stuff. We're going to open it up. So, right now, the power open it up. So, right now, the power open it up. So, right now, the power steering is low, and that's the perfect steering is low, and that's the perfect steering is low, and that's the perfect point where you want to put this stuff point where you want to put this stuff point where you want to put this stuff in. We're just going to replace the in. We're just going to replace the in. We're just going to replace the power steering fluid with the Lucas stop power steering fluid with the Lucas stop power steering fluid with the Lucas stop leak. So, let's do that now. All right. leak. So, let's do that now. All right. leak. So, let's do that now. All right. So, after you cut the tip, you also have So, after you cut the tip, you also have So, after you cut the tip, you also have to remove the seal that's under the cap to remove the seal that's under the cap to remove the seal that's under the cap right right right here. Like that. Wow. Look at that here. Like that. Wow. Look at that here. Like that. Wow. Look at that stuff. E. All right. I know a lot of you are E. All right. I know a lot of you are E. All right. I know a lot of you are cringing saying, "Don't use this stuff. cringing saying, "Don't use this stuff. cringing saying, "Don't use this stuff. Never use stop leak." Well, again, this Never use stop leak." Well, again, this Never use stop leak." Well, again, this car is probably worth like 2 or three car is probably worth like 2 or three car is probably worth like 2 or three grand, and I think it's worth trying. grand, and I think it's worth trying. grand, and I think it's worth trying. So, let's do that. So, I'm just going to So, let's do that. So, I'm just going to So, let's do that. So, I'm just going to go ahead go ahead go ahead and pour this in here. It's super super thick. So, if you look at the side of thick. So, if you look at the side of thick. So, if you look at the side of the reservoir, you can see the level. the reservoir, you can see the level. the reservoir, you can see the level. And uh I think I'm about where I want to And uh I think I'm about where I want to And uh I think I'm about where I want to be. So, we're going to stop. be. So, we're going to stop. be. So, we're going to stop. And if this continues to leak out, I'm And if this continues to leak out, I'm And if this continues to leak out, I'm going to just top it off each time I going to just top it off each time I going to just top it off each time I need to. And then what I'll do is I'll need to. And then what I'll do is I'll need to. And then what I'll do is I'll wait a while before I actually put this wait a while before I actually put this wait a while before I actually put this video out so that I can tell you if this video out so that I can tell you if this video out so that I can tell you if this stuff actually stuff actually stuff actually works. All right, it's now been about a works. All right, it's now been about a works. All right, it's now been about a month of running this stuff and let me month of running this stuff and let me month of running this stuff and let me give you the results. So, there's no give you the results. So, there's no give you the results. So, there's no more leaking under the car. I can now more leaking under the car. I can now more leaking under the car. I can now park this thing for at least a few hours park this thing for at least a few hours park this thing for at least a few hours or a few days, and there's no more leaks or a few days, and there's no more leaks or a few days, and there's no more leaks coming from the rack and pinion system coming from the rack and pinion system coming from the rack and pinion system from under the car. So, this reservoir from under the car. So, this reservoir from under the car. So, this reservoir was going completely empty once a week. was going completely empty once a week. was going completely empty once a week. It's now been about two or three weeks It's now been about two or three weeks It's now been about two or three weeks and it has not been refilled. Now, you and it has not been refilled. Now, you and it has not been refilled. Now, you can see it does still leak. You mean can see it does still leak. You mean can see it does still leak. You mean this is not magic. It's going to leak a this is not magic. It's going to leak a this is not magic. It's going to leak a little bit. You see how it's low and I'm little bit. You see how it's low and I'm little bit. You see how it's low and I'm about to refill it. But after using this about to refill it. But after using this about to refill it. But after using this stuff for a month, I can tell you stuff for a month, I can tell you stuff for a month, I can tell you straight up that it works amazingly straight up that it works amazingly straight up that it works amazingly well. If you want to slow down the leak well. If you want to slow down the leak well. If you want to slow down the leak of your rack and pinion system, this of your rack and pinion system, this of your rack and pinion system, this stuff works great. And before I get the stuff works great. And before I get the stuff works great. And before I get the comments, no, I'm not sponsored or comments, no, I'm not sponsored or comments, no, I'm not sponsored or anything. I'm not being paid for this. anything. I'm not being paid for this. anything. I'm not being paid for this. I'm just straight up telling you that I'm just straight up telling you that I'm just straight up telling you that this works very, very well, at least for this works very, very well, at least for this works very, very well, at least for my case. Yeah. So, if you do have a rack my case. Yeah. So, if you do have a rack my case. Yeah. So, if you do have a rack and pinion leak, try this stuff out if and pinion leak, try this stuff out if and pinion leak, try this stuff out if you want to slow it down you want to slow it down you want to slow it down substantially. And uh that's about it. substantially. And uh that's about it. substantially. And uh that's about it. That's my honest review of this stuff. I That's my honest review of this stuff. I That's my honest review of this stuff. I hope it helps you out. Thank you for hope it helps you out. Thank you for hope it helps you out. Thank you for watching. Bye-bye.