[Music] [Song voice]
Brother, look at my little princess, you will be happy to see her, she is
going for the first time and I am also going for the first time,
look at her
and the interesting thing is that brother, she does
n't know that these people are coming, she knows, I liked
this surprise the most, old ladies do
n't wear chunni, see this little
girl is wearing chunni [laughs]
Hello friends, how are you all, welcome to
another new blog, Jai Shri Ram to
all of you and brother, it's already
5:20 in the morning, brother, I haven't slept since last night
because our doll doesn't sleep and doesn't let me
sleep, she wants to talk brother, she talks
all night brother, how much more can you talk to
her, it was 12:00 now, she
was talking at 11, 12:00 in the morning, now look, it's
5:00 now, mom has just taken her to put
her to sleep and since last night, brother, Shashi has been
editing the blog and also taking care of the baby in between
and now She is asleep when
Mummy has taken the baby and brother, today as
you have already seen the thumbnail, we are going
brother to Simran's house with her Sawan and
Simmi does not know who is coming and who is
not and first of all we will take the first Sawan
with our doll, I will get
ready first, someone has taken a bath and is
ready and Deepak ji has also come, the Dool Baar has
rung outside, Jai Shree Ram ji,
Jai Shree Ram,
yes get ready quickly and have come today,
you are getting ready, ji get ready quickly,
brother, there
is a huge responsibility on the shoulders of these people,
yes Jai Shree Ram, how are you all,
look, the kajal on your neck is coming, you had to go to become a groom, that's
right, apply surma [laughs]
tears came in my eyes, then I
applied it,
then the red Surma came, take a
bath with surma, then you do
n't have to get up, everyone is ready, two minutes
everyone is not ready right now, our little Babua
is also staying here, you will get him ready,
Babua's coming, he did not agree, right She did
not come today, come and see brother, today again Shashi is
wearing a T-shirt and T-shirt [laughs]
so I am telling you clearly that I am not
foolish,
Shashi has come after taking bath and look at Shashi's look brother
Jain ji, as mom was telling, you can
buy anything and wear anything but brother
's clothes are a different thing. Look, there
is a different pleasure in brother's clothes. They got
stuck at my in-laws' place too, so I
wore them there too. [laughter]
Here's some water.
Look.
Yes, it seems right. It felt right,
do this
This must be too much, you wo
n't have to go and do it, you won't have to stop it, you
won't have to do it, Jai Shri Ram, hey dude, how are you
look at this, look at this, it's new, it's
not taking off its tag, brother, you will show everyone that it's new,
why are you not taking off the tag, then brother's tag will become old,
brother, you will also take off the tag and wear it,
who is wearing the tag [sound of clearing throat]
You won't say that you have made my clothes old by
wearing them, I won't take off the tag and give it to you,
okay, I will tell you this
brother, look at my little princess, you will feel
happy after seeing this, you will feel
happy after seeing this, don't I ask, I mean my day is made
brother [laughs] look at this, hello guys,
Jai Shri Ram, how did you all like
my dress, I am going to my aunt's house today,
I am looking good, not just good,
brother, I am looking very good,
you are wearing a
farsi salwar and a dupatta too, to ward off the evil eye,
girl, there is no dearth of values,
my Kokli, take a sweet and apply a
black colored tilak, I will
come after showing it to mother
Apply the black tilak, lest it gets affected by evil eye, I will
come after showing it to grandmother
Ram Ram Maa ji
Ram Ram ji
Jai Shri Ram
Jai Jai Shri Ram, say it to
them also Jai Shri Ram
Jai Shri Ram, all brothers, take a look, take a
look at your granddaughter [laughs]
Oh Laddu Gopal,
stop stop stop, what is this, I
just feel like
showing it to her while she is standing like this,
but I should not make her stand for so long, okay,
look,
yes, she
laughs after seeing it [laughs]
so look, uncle or should I take it off, it will get tight, so
show it to uncle,
okay, uncle, take a look at
this brother, there is excitement in applying it
and there is excitement in taking it off too, I don't know
what, oh, there is
excitement in taking it off, there is such a thing that I should
see how it is looking, how it is looking,
then I feel like I should see that I should not get tired,
look at this, she looks like a
small Punjabi girl, she is a
Sardarni type,
yes, look, you should not get affected by evil eye, yes, guys, I am
also ready, take a look at this, don't
look at this, I am carrying my child's stuff
in this so that she does not face any problem,
my daughter is wearing it She is Indian and is becoming a
modern mother. I am wearing this because
I could have worn saree etc. but did
not wear it because then I would have faced problem in feeding. It is
said that the grandmother and granddaughter look exactly alike. Do let us
know in the comments if we are like this. You look the same,
mom. Thank
you. My childhood returned.
Yes. [laughter]
Okay, Mom.
Hello.
Jai Shri Ram. Are going.
Jai Shri Ram. Go.
Yes. Yes. I am
not saying this like this. They say that they are
going and coming back.
Okay, mother is coming back.
Yes, it is gone, it is gone. Do
n't remember.
Yeah [laughs]
going for four hours. Don't even remember him by assuming.
Ok. Ok mother.
She is also going for the first time and I am also going for the first
time. Look at it.
And the funny thing is this, brother. He doesn't know
that these people are coming. He knows that I,
Deepak, Vinay and Sunny ji are coming.
Hey, I am also going for the first time. Yes,
mom is also going for the first time. First time, don't get
scared after seeing all three meanings for the first time. [laughs]
We hadn't made any preparations, she was
calling me but I refused.
Let's start the journey. Taking the name of the Lord.
Say hail to Lord Shyampati Ramchandra.
Look brother, we have arrived. Five minutes of journey
remained. Father, get up. I
will show you. Mother and daughter,
mother and daughter fell asleep. Get up,
son. Okay, why are you going in such a hurry,
brother, we have reached Simran's house and have parked the car
in the parking lot. Now Deepak and
I will go first because I don't know about Shashika and Mummy's
baby, we will go after taking the luggage.
Then Aunty, you dropped me in the lift,
then she will come near in five minutes,
who will drop me in the lift, I will wait downstairs. The
lift goes up and down, so
I will go in the lift, the lift will take me forward this way,
come here quickly,
our surprise Chaupar [laughs]
Shri Ram, how are you,
where did you go, father,
hello,
how are you, the
rest of our people ran away to Haridwar to
get the Kavadas last night itself, Sunny ji went to get the Kavadas,
you have cooked food for only four people, right, it has become
pickle [laughs]
Friends, are you
alright? It's
great.
Who is it?
Mom
What's this surprise?
[laughter] Do
you know how to give it? Don't we know how to give
?
And no more surprise surprise. [laughter]
No one and no one.
Oh no, and this
gate opens like this too when Mummy Mummy stands up, I thought this gate
opened like this but I heard Payal's voice, that's it
how did you like my gate,
I never even pick up video calls at home
[laughs] she
must have slept,
what happened papa, what happened,
papa knows, I won't lie, papa
[laughs] she did
n't even pick up the call
and okay yes, so
how did you like the surprise?
very nice. Had fun. Had
fun. Unexamined.
Not really, it was at all.
One day mom was jokingly asking me, should I
also come? I said today
only so say
yes yesterday I said that I
said [laughs]. He said it from the bottom of his heart.
No, why from the top of your mind? Jashi used to say,
Mummy, send me to make rotis. [laughter]
Tax
stuff again. Bhaiya, take the stuff,
what can you do now,
he has not come, I
feel that he has come sometime or the other,
no one has come [laughs] [screaming sound]
Jai Shri Ram brother,
my child
Hello Bui, how are you,
Jai Shri Ram, I liked this surprise the most.
Babloo Babloo himself came to pick you up. [laughter] I have it
with me. I was doing decoration for the radish thinking
that it doesn't matter, she will
keep some of my things standing there. Bring it inside.
Stand at the gate. She has come
wearing it.
Yes. This is also Bublu's bag. what
child [laughs]
oh
come I am not fully asleep, she has
come wearing a suit special for you, she is
looking so cute, she got up
and you are fine
son, take some water and bring it [laughs] did you feel
now that someone else has come yes
once [laughs]
who knows someone might come [laughs] go
downstairs and see
hey [
laughs]
come come keep the
door open by the way [laughs]
who knows grandma might have come
mother
you do this and that, I mean guess it is a seven
seater car [laughs]
then
these old ladies don't wear chunni look this
little one [laughs] the girl has come wearing chunni so I am getting
annoyed mummy by looking at her, she has started
giving values ​​of chunni since childhood, it is
on our generation [laughs] do whatever you want
child,
fulfill your wishes now, don't take it after she grows up,
Bublu has come home today, I am holding his ears. She is saying
apologize.
Yes, look at this. [laughter]
Say sorry,
sorry.
Oh no, you will take the gold star. [laughter]
No, is this your first time?
No, she is asking why did you leave me?
Say sorry. Yes. Now let's go back home.
Oh father,
sorry son, sorry. [Laughter]
Three ladies were standing in the kitchen, yet they still made tea. It is
auspicious. It is auspicious. It is auspicious. It has
not come out. She is getting into the
trap of bread pakoras.
Sister, give me the pakoras first, the samosas first.
Give it to me all at once. We will eat whatever we want to eat. If
someone doesn't want to eat, he should sell bread pakodas and
eat them and then samosa will come. He feels like
eating their samosa. Doesn't
anyone have
this in the kitchen?
Yes, there were only two of us, Deepak and I.
Then I felt that my brother would not be able to handle it.
So I brought Shashi and mom. I will
help him in serving the food right now.
No, it is not like that about the handle.
Our son-in-law will handle it alone.
Handle handle
handle, it's not like that. We have prepared vegetables. I have
applied the flour. I have cooked rice.
Just make the bread and do
n't lie. Raman ji has prepared the vegetable.
Raman ji has also prepared the rice.
So I didn't even tell you that I made it. You have
made me.
Why did we plant it? Then Raman ji has made it.
I have applied it.
Hey, I let you
stand with me. It is a big thing.
Yes. Yes, she is going to say this in a while.
Mom, bring your own. I am a
guest at your in-laws' house. [laughter]
I'm just a guest for three or four hours.
Then I will go to my home.
Now it's done.
And look, even after coming out, you have to
sleep after tying it. Today I
left it open. I thought I would live like this.
But she started crying. After tying the dam, you will
see that it is sleeping peacefully. You
feel comfortable in it like this, right?
Secure feels secure. Simmi
will work.
Yes, it will go away.
Well, wash the dishes at least once.
Our
maid comes to wash our utensils.
Baba [laughs] Ji, have
n't you heard about that in-law's atmosphere, Baba Ji,
our maid comes. They don't
come to you.
The suit changed. [laughter]
Send it.
My rasgullas my rasgullas.
Mare
mere rasgullu see my rasgullu
Daddy's thing is different, Daddy's
thing is different, my rasgullu must be bored,
my Babu, he hasn't fed me songs all day,
Papa hasn't even sung songs, which song did you sing,
you song, O Huju
[laughs] tera tera tera tera suroor
Raman ji is getting impatient,
how are you doing it before cooking food, Raman ji, I will make the
vegetables, I will not make rotis, tell me first
[laughs] I am telling you that
three are new, four more have come [laughs]
no ji, we have come, now if you will still cook food
then what is the use for us
today, you sit, we will get it cooked and eaten [laughter] you should
also feel the need to come home, come sit
and next time if you come, I will neither be there nor will I have to
make rotis. [laughter]
Next time at least remember not to say it.
Yes sister-in-law, come home quickly.
Yes,
you will not say it
brother, I will not say it just because you say so. I
will work as per my wish. I have
prepared the vegetables. I will make the roti in a while.
[laughter] Here we go.
Preparations are done.
Now we will return home taking Simran with us. So guys,
I changed my tune.
Fashion potion has gone away somewhere,
after having a child, fashion goes away. It was getting tight. The
buttons were pricking her baby so
I bought Simmi's night suit.
Well, I thought you brought this for me,
son.
This me, you look like my uncle. This is not the
first time I have come to your place.
I am uncle, right? No no
please uncle. The
duties of a daughter-in-law will also be fulfilled by a daughter-in-law.
Why are you coming to my house?
I have come for the first time, right? [laughs]
You have the right to take me.
You should come to my house. I should come to your house.
[laughs] That's
right, isn't it?
Uncle, it has happened like this again. No,
please Uncle, it doesn't look good if I take you.
Please,
why didn't you, we all
came inside the doll.
Please, Uncle, don't do this.
Uncle, mine and my child's family came
together. So,
you did this in this, they all came together in this. We won't be
separate families, Uncle, we will all come together in one place.
Okay, Raman,
okay, Bhaiya,
how is it done, we are
leaving for home. Say, Jai Ganpati, Lord
Ganesha, Jai
Siyapati, Lord Ramchandra. We will not shout all these slogans with fear.
[laughs] We
came in the morning to collect the SIM, now we are leaving at night.
Look, brother, we have come home
and it is 12 o'clock, Sir, we are on our way, so I thought sorry, I thought, I would not ask for something like this. I
brought it and
thought that I will put her to sleep like this, as soon as she fell asleep she opened her eyes,
now she will stay awake till 4-5 and will wake me up too,
why did she get enough sleep,
okay
Bu, I will sew for four days at
home, so
why not send a
message, after reaching here take
her clothes
brother, Tej Bua has opened a shop,
high rated, less tantrums
from Bua, yes yes Bua, she made tantrums, so guys,
how did you like today's vlog, do
tell everyone by commenting. See you in the next vlog.
Jai Shri Krishna. Jai Shri Ram.
Jai Shri Ram. I am your
[music][sound of singing] No, I am your
lover.
is
