[Music] [Song voice] [Music] [Song voice] [Music] [Song voice] Brother, look at my little princess, you will be happy to see her, she is Brother, look at my little princess, you will be happy to see her, she is going for the first time and I am also going for the first time, going for the first time and I am also going for the first time, going for the first time and I am also going for the first time, look at her look at her look at her and the interesting thing is that brother, she does and the interesting thing is that brother, she does and the interesting thing is that brother, she does n't know that these people are coming, she knows, I liked n't know that these people are coming, she knows, I liked n't know that these people are coming, she knows, I liked this surprise the most, old ladies do this surprise the most, old ladies do this surprise the most, old ladies do n't wear chunni, see this little n't wear chunni, see this little n't wear chunni, see this little girl is wearing chunni [laughs] girl is wearing chunni [laughs] girl is wearing chunni [laughs] Hello friends, how are you all, welcome to Hello friends, how are you all, welcome to Hello friends, how are you all, welcome to another new blog, Jai Shri Ram to another new blog, Jai Shri Ram to another new blog, Jai Shri Ram to all of you and brother, it's already all of you and brother, it's already all of you and brother, it's already 5:20 in the morning, brother, I haven't slept since last night 5:20 in the morning, brother, I haven't slept since last night 5:20 in the morning, brother, I haven't slept since last night because our doll doesn't sleep and doesn't let me because our doll doesn't sleep and doesn't let me because our doll doesn't sleep and doesn't let me sleep, she wants to talk brother, she talks sleep, she wants to talk brother, she talks sleep, she wants to talk brother, she talks all night brother, how much more can you talk to all night brother, how much more can you talk to all night brother, how much more can you talk to her, it was 12:00 now, she her, it was 12:00 now, she her, it was 12:00 now, she was talking at 11, 12:00 in the morning, now look, it's was talking at 11, 12:00 in the morning, now look, it's was talking at 11, 12:00 in the morning, now look, it's 5:00 now, mom has just taken her to put 5:00 now, mom has just taken her to put 5:00 now, mom has just taken her to put her to sleep and since last night, brother, Shashi has been her to sleep and since last night, brother, Shashi has been her to sleep and since last night, brother, Shashi has been editing the blog and also taking care of the baby in between editing the blog and also taking care of the baby in between editing the blog and also taking care of the baby in between and now  She is asleep when and now  She is asleep when and now  She is asleep when Mummy has taken the baby and brother, today as Mummy has taken the baby and brother, today as Mummy has taken the baby and brother, today as you have already seen the thumbnail, we are going you have already seen the thumbnail, we are going you have already seen the thumbnail, we are going brother to Simran's house with her Sawan and brother to Simran's house with her Sawan and brother to Simran's house with her Sawan and Simmi does not know who is coming and who is Simmi does not know who is coming and who is Simmi does not know who is coming and who is not and first of all we will take the first Sawan not and first of all we will take the first Sawan not and first of all we will take the first Sawan with our doll, I will get with our doll, I will get with our doll, I will get ready first, someone has taken a bath and is ready first, someone has taken a bath and is ready first, someone has taken a bath and is ready and Deepak ji has also come, the Dool Baar has ready and Deepak ji has also come, the Dool Baar has ready and Deepak ji has also come, the Dool Baar has rung outside, Jai Shree Ram ji, rung outside, Jai Shree Ram ji, rung outside, Jai Shree Ram ji, Jai Shree Ram, Jai Shree Ram, Jai Shree Ram, yes get ready quickly and have come today, yes get ready quickly and have come today, yes get ready quickly and have come today, you are getting ready, ji get ready quickly, you are getting ready, ji get ready quickly, you are getting ready, ji get ready quickly, brother, there brother, there is a huge responsibility on the shoulders of these people, is a huge responsibility on the shoulders of these people, is a huge responsibility on the shoulders of these people, yes Jai Shree Ram, how are you all, yes Jai Shree Ram, how are you all, yes Jai Shree Ram, how are you all, look, the kajal on your neck is coming, you had to go to become a groom, that's look, the kajal on your neck is coming, you had to go to become a groom, that's right, apply surma [laughs] right, apply surma [laughs] right, apply surma [laughs] tears came in my eyes, then I tears came in my eyes, then I tears came in my eyes, then I applied it, applied it, applied it, then the red Surma came, take a then the red Surma came, take a then the red Surma came, take a bath with surma, then you do bath with surma, then you do bath with surma, then you do n't have to get up, everyone is ready, two minutes n't have to get up, everyone is ready, two minutes n't have to get up, everyone is ready, two minutes everyone is not ready right now, our little Babua everyone is not ready right now, our little Babua everyone is not ready right now, our little Babua is also staying here, you will get him ready, is also staying here, you will get him ready, is also staying here, you will get him ready, Babua's coming, he did not agree, right  She did Babua's coming, he did not agree, right  She did Babua's coming, he did not agree, right  She did not come today, come and see brother, today again Shashi is not come today, come and see brother, today again Shashi is not come today, come and see brother, today again Shashi is wearing a T-shirt and T-shirt [laughs] wearing a T-shirt and T-shirt [laughs] wearing a T-shirt and T-shirt [laughs] so I am telling you clearly that I am not so I am telling you clearly that I am not so I am telling you clearly that I am not foolish, foolish, foolish, Shashi has come after taking bath and look at Shashi's look brother Shashi has come after taking bath and look at Shashi's look brother Shashi has come after taking bath and look at Shashi's look brother Jain ji, as mom was telling, you can Jain ji, as mom was telling, you can Jain ji, as mom was telling, you can buy anything and wear anything but brother buy anything and wear anything but brother buy anything and wear anything but brother 's clothes are a different thing.  Look, there 's clothes are a different thing.  Look, there 's clothes are a different thing.  Look, there is a different pleasure in brother's clothes.  They got is a different pleasure in brother's clothes.  They got is a different pleasure in brother's clothes.  They got stuck at my in-laws' place too, so I stuck at my in-laws' place too, so I stuck at my in-laws' place too, so I wore them there too.  [laughter] wore them there too.  [laughter] wore them there too.  [laughter] Here's some water. Here's some water. Here's some water. Look. Look. Look. Yes, it seems right.  It felt right, Yes, it seems right.  It felt right, Yes, it seems right.  It felt right, do this do this do this This must be too much, you wo This must be too much, you wo This must be too much, you wo n't have to go and do it, you won't have to stop it, you n't have to go and do it, you won't have to stop it, you n't have to go and do it, you won't have to stop it, you won't have to do it, Jai Shri Ram, hey dude, how are you won't have to do it, Jai Shri Ram, hey dude, how are you won't have to do it, Jai Shri Ram, hey dude, how are you look at this, look at this, it's new, it's look at this, look at this, it's new, it's look at this, look at this, it's new, it's not taking off its tag, brother, you will show everyone that it's new, not taking off its tag, brother, you will show everyone that it's new, why are you not taking off the tag, then brother's tag will become old, why are you not taking off the tag, then brother's tag will become old, why are you not taking off the tag, then brother's tag will become old, brother, you will also take off the tag and wear it, brother, you will also take off the tag and wear it, brother, you will also take off the tag and wear it, who is wearing the tag [sound of clearing throat] who is wearing the tag [sound of clearing throat] who is wearing the tag [sound of clearing throat] You won't say that you have made my clothes old by You won't say that you have made my clothes old by You won't say that you have made my clothes old by wearing them, I won't take off the tag and give it to you, wearing them, I won't take off the tag and give it to you, wearing them, I won't take off the tag and give it to you, okay, I will tell you this okay, I will tell you this okay, I will tell you this brother, look at my little princess, you will feel brother, look at my little princess, you will feel brother, look at my little princess, you will feel happy after seeing this, you will feel happy after seeing this, you will feel happy after seeing this, you will feel happy after seeing this, don't I ask, I mean my day is made happy after seeing this, don't I ask, I mean my day is made happy after seeing this, don't I ask, I mean my day is made brother [laughs] look at this, hello guys, brother [laughs] look at this, hello guys, brother [laughs] look at this, hello guys, Jai Shri Ram, how did you all like Jai Shri Ram, how did you all like Jai Shri Ram, how did you all like my dress, I am going to my aunt's house today, my dress, I am going to my aunt's house today, my dress, I am going to my aunt's house today, I am looking good, not just good, I am looking good, not just good, I am looking good, not just good, brother, I am looking very good, brother, I am looking very good, you are wearing a you are wearing a you are wearing a farsi salwar and a dupatta too, to ward off the evil eye, farsi salwar and a dupatta too, to ward off the evil eye, farsi salwar and a dupatta too, to ward off the evil eye, girl, there is no dearth of values, girl, there is no dearth of values, girl, there is no dearth of values, my Kokli, take a sweet and apply a my Kokli, take a sweet and apply a my Kokli, take a sweet and apply a black colored tilak, I will black colored tilak, I will black colored tilak, I will come after showing it to mother come after showing it to mother come after showing it to mother Apply the black tilak, lest it gets affected by evil eye, I will Apply the black tilak, lest it gets affected by evil eye, I will Apply the black tilak, lest it gets affected by evil eye, I will come after showing it to grandmother come after showing it to grandmother come after showing it to grandmother Ram Ram Maa ji Ram Ram Maa ji Ram Ram Maa ji Ram Ram ji Ram Ram ji Ram Ram ji Jai Shri Ram Jai Shri Ram Jai Shri Ram Jai Jai Shri Ram, say it to Jai Jai Shri Ram, say it to Jai Jai Shri Ram, say it to them also Jai Shri Ram them also Jai Shri Ram them also Jai Shri Ram Jai Shri Ram, all brothers, take a look, take a Jai Shri Ram, all brothers, take a look, take a look at your granddaughter [laughs] look at your granddaughter [laughs] look at your granddaughter [laughs] Oh Laddu Gopal, stop stop stop, what is this, I stop stop stop, what is this, I stop stop stop, what is this, I just feel like just feel like just feel like showing it to her while she is standing like this, showing it to her while she is standing like this, showing it to her while she is standing like this, but I should not make her stand for so long, okay, but I should not make her stand for so long, okay, but I should not make her stand for so long, okay, look, look, look, yes, she yes, she yes, she laughs after seeing it [laughs] laughs after seeing it [laughs] laughs after seeing it [laughs] so look, uncle or should I take it off, it will get tight, so so look, uncle or should I take it off, it will get tight, so so look, uncle or should I take it off, it will get tight, so show it to uncle, show it to uncle, show it to uncle, okay, uncle, take a look at okay, uncle, take a look at okay, uncle, take a look at this brother, there is excitement in applying it this brother, there is excitement in applying it this brother, there is excitement in applying it and there is excitement in taking it off too, I don't know and there is excitement in taking it off too, I don't know and there is excitement in taking it off too, I don't know what, oh, there is what, oh, there is what, oh, there is excitement in taking it off, there is such a thing that I should excitement in taking it off, there is such a thing that I should excitement in taking it off, there is such a thing that I should see how it is looking, how it is looking, see how it is looking, how it is looking, see how it is looking, how it is looking, then I feel like I should see that I should not get tired, then I feel like I should see that I should not get tired, look at this, she looks like a look at this, she looks like a look at this, she looks like a small Punjabi girl, she is a small Punjabi girl, she is a small Punjabi girl, she is a Sardarni type, Sardarni type, Sardarni type, yes, look, you should not get affected by evil eye, yes, guys, I am yes, look, you should not get affected by evil eye, yes, guys, I am yes, look, you should not get affected by evil eye, yes, guys, I am also ready, take a look at this, don't also ready, take a look at this, don't also ready, take a look at this, don't look at this, I am carrying my child's stuff look at this, I am carrying my child's stuff look at this, I am carrying my child's stuff in this so that she does not face any problem, in this so that she does not face any problem, in this so that she does not face any problem, my daughter is wearing it  She is Indian and is becoming a my daughter is wearing it  She is Indian and is becoming a my daughter is wearing it  She is Indian and is becoming a modern mother.  I am wearing this because modern mother.  I am wearing this because modern mother.  I am wearing this because I could have worn saree etc. but did I could have worn saree etc. but did I could have worn saree etc. but did not wear it because then I would have faced problem in feeding.   It is not wear it because then I would have faced problem in feeding.   It is said that the grandmother and granddaughter look exactly alike.   Do let us said that the grandmother and granddaughter look exactly alike.   Do let us said that the grandmother and granddaughter look exactly alike.   Do let us know in the comments if we are like this.   You look the same, know in the comments if we are like this.   You look the same, know in the comments if we are like this.   You look the same, mom.   Thank mom.   Thank mom.   Thank you.  My childhood returned. you.  My childhood returned. you.  My childhood returned. Yes.  [laughter] Yes.  [laughter] Yes.  [laughter] Okay, Mom. Okay, Mom. Okay, Mom. Hello. Hello. Hello. Jai Shri Ram.  Are going. Jai Shri Ram.  Are going. Jai Shri Ram.  Are going. Jai Shri Ram.  Go. Jai Shri Ram.  Go. Jai Shri Ram.  Go. Yes.  Yes.   I am Yes.  Yes.   I am Yes.  Yes.   I am not saying this like this.  They say that they are not saying this like this.  They say that they are not saying this like this.  They say that they are going and coming back. going and coming back. going and coming back. Okay, mother is coming back. Okay, mother is coming back. Okay, mother is coming back. Yes, it is gone, it is gone.   Do Yes, it is gone, it is gone.   Do Yes, it is gone, it is gone.   Do n't remember. n't remember. n't remember. Yeah [laughs] Yeah [laughs] Yeah [laughs] going for four hours.  Don't even remember him by assuming. going for four hours.  Don't even remember him by assuming. going for four hours.  Don't even remember him by assuming. Ok.  Ok mother. Ok.  Ok mother. Ok.  Ok mother. She is also going for the first time and I am also going for the first She is also going for the first time and I am also going for the first She is also going for the first time and I am also going for the first time.  Look at it. time.  Look at it. time.  Look at it. And the funny thing is this, brother.  He doesn't know And the funny thing is this, brother.  He doesn't know And the funny thing is this, brother.  He doesn't know that these people are coming.  He knows that I, that these people are coming.  He knows that I, that these people are coming.  He knows that I, Deepak, Vinay and Sunny ji are coming. Deepak, Vinay and Sunny ji are coming. Deepak, Vinay and Sunny ji are coming. Hey, I am also going for the first time.  Yes, Hey, I am also going for the first time.  Yes, Hey, I am also going for the first time.  Yes, mom is also going for the first time.  First time, don't get mom is also going for the first time.  First time, don't get scared after seeing all three meanings for the first time.  [laughs] scared after seeing all three meanings for the first time.  [laughs] scared after seeing all three meanings for the first time.  [laughs] We hadn't made any preparations, she was We hadn't made any preparations, she was We hadn't made any preparations, she was calling me but I refused. calling me but I refused. Let's start the journey.  Taking the name of the Lord. Let's start the journey.  Taking the name of the Lord. Let's start the journey.  Taking the name of the Lord. Say hail to Lord Shyampati Ramchandra. Say hail to Lord Shyampati Ramchandra. Say hail to Lord Shyampati Ramchandra. Look brother, we have arrived.  Five minutes of journey Look brother, we have arrived.  Five minutes of journey Look brother, we have arrived.  Five minutes of journey remained.  Father, get up.   I remained.  Father, get up.   I will show you.  Mother and daughter, will show you.  Mother and daughter, will show you.  Mother and daughter, mother and daughter fell asleep.   Get up, mother and daughter fell asleep.   Get up, mother and daughter fell asleep.   Get up, son.  Okay, why are you going in such a hurry, son.  Okay, why are you going in such a hurry, brother, we have reached Simran's house and have parked the car brother, we have reached Simran's house and have parked the car brother, we have reached Simran's house and have parked the car in the parking lot. Now Deepak and in the parking lot. Now Deepak and in the parking lot. Now Deepak and I will go first because I don't know about Shashika and Mummy's I will go first because I don't know about Shashika and Mummy's I will go first because I don't know about Shashika and Mummy's baby, we will go after taking the luggage. baby, we will go after taking the luggage. baby, we will go after taking the luggage. Then Aunty, you dropped me in the lift, Then Aunty, you dropped me in the lift, Then Aunty, you dropped me in the lift, then she will come near in five minutes, then she will come near in five minutes, then she will come near in five minutes, who will drop me in the lift, I will wait downstairs. The who will drop me in the lift, I will wait downstairs. The who will drop me in the lift, I will wait downstairs. The lift goes up and down, so lift goes up and down, so lift goes up and down, so I will go in the lift, the lift will take me forward this way, I will go in the lift, the lift will take me forward this way, I will go in the lift, the lift will take me forward this way, come here quickly, come here quickly, come here quickly, our surprise Chaupar [laughs] our surprise Chaupar [laughs] our surprise Chaupar [laughs] Shri Ram, how are you, where did you go, father, where did you go, father, where did you go, father, hello, hello, hello, how are you, the rest of our people ran away to Haridwar to rest of our people ran away to Haridwar to rest of our people ran away to Haridwar to get the Kavadas last night itself, Sunny ji went to get the Kavadas, get the Kavadas last night itself, Sunny ji went to get the Kavadas, get the Kavadas last night itself, Sunny ji went to get the Kavadas, you have cooked food for only four people, right, it has become you have cooked food for only four people, right, it has become you have cooked food for only four people, right, it has become pickle [laughs] pickle [laughs] pickle [laughs] Friends, are you alright?   It's alright?   It's alright?   It's great. great. great. Who is it? Mom Mom Mom What's this surprise? What's this surprise? What's this surprise? [laughter] Do [laughter] Do [laughter] Do you know how to give it?  Don't we know how to give you know how to give it?  Don't we know how to give you know how to give it?  Don't we know how to give ? ? ? And no more surprise surprise.  [laughter] And no more surprise surprise.  [laughter] And no more surprise surprise.  [laughter] No one and no one. No one and no one. No one and no one. Oh no, and this Oh no, and this Oh no, and this gate opens like this too when Mummy Mummy stands up, I thought this gate gate opens like this too when Mummy Mummy stands up, I thought this gate gate opens like this too when Mummy Mummy stands up, I thought this gate opened like this but I heard Payal's voice, that's it opened like this but I heard Payal's voice, that's it opened like this but I heard Payal's voice, that's it how did you like my gate, how did you like my gate, I never even pick up video calls at home I never even pick up video calls at home I never even pick up video calls at home [laughs] she [laughs] she [laughs] she must have slept, must have slept, must have slept, what happened papa, what happened, what happened papa, what happened, what happened papa, what happened, papa knows, I won't lie, papa papa knows, I won't lie, papa papa knows, I won't lie, papa [laughs] she did [laughs] she did [laughs] she did n't even pick up the call n't even pick up the call n't even pick up the call and okay yes, so and okay yes, so and okay yes, so how did you like the surprise? how did you like the surprise? how did you like the surprise? very nice.  Had fun.   Had very nice.  Had fun.   Had very nice.  Had fun.   Had fun.  Unexamined. fun.  Unexamined. fun.  Unexamined. Not really, it was at all. Not really, it was at all. Not really, it was at all. One day mom was jokingly asking me, should I One day mom was jokingly asking me, should I One day mom was jokingly asking me, should I also come?  I said today also come?  I said today also come?  I said today only so say only so say only so say yes yesterday I said that I yes yesterday I said that I yes yesterday I said that I said [laughs].  He said it from the bottom of his heart. said [laughs].  He said it from the bottom of his heart. said [laughs].  He said it from the bottom of his heart. No, why from the top of your mind?  Jashi used to say, No, why from the top of your mind?  Jashi used to say, No, why from the top of your mind?  Jashi used to say, Mummy, send me to make rotis.  [laughter] Tax Tax Tax stuff again.  Bhaiya, take the stuff, stuff again.  Bhaiya, take the stuff, stuff again.  Bhaiya, take the stuff, what can you do now, what can you do now, what can you do now, he has not come, I feel that he has come sometime or the other, feel that he has come sometime or the other, feel that he has come sometime or the other, no one has come [laughs] [screaming sound] no one has come [laughs] [screaming sound] no one has come [laughs] [screaming sound] Jai Shri Ram brother, Jai Shri Ram brother, Jai Shri Ram brother, my child my child my child Hello Bui, how are you, Hello Bui, how are you, Hello Bui, how are you, Jai Shri Ram, I liked this surprise the most. Jai Shri Ram, I liked this surprise the most. Jai Shri Ram, I liked this surprise the most. Babloo Babloo himself came to pick you up.  [laughter] I have it Babloo Babloo himself came to pick you up.  [laughter] I have it Babloo Babloo himself came to pick you up.  [laughter] I have it with me.  I was doing decoration for the radish thinking with me.  I was doing decoration for the radish thinking with me.  I was doing decoration for the radish thinking that it doesn't matter, she will that it doesn't matter, she will that it doesn't matter, she will keep some of my things standing there.  Bring it inside. keep some of my things standing there.  Bring it inside. keep some of my things standing there.  Bring it inside. Stand at the gate.   She has come Stand at the gate.   She has come Stand at the gate.   She has come wearing it. wearing it. wearing it. Yes.  This is also Bublu's bag.  what Yes.  This is also Bublu's bag.  what Yes.  This is also Bublu's bag.  what child [laughs] oh oh oh come I am not fully asleep, she has come I am not fully asleep, she has come I am not fully asleep, she has come wearing a suit special for you, she is come wearing a suit special for you, she is come wearing a suit special for you, she is looking so cute, she got up looking so cute, she got up looking so cute, she got up and you are fine and you are fine and you are fine son, take some water and bring it [laughs] did you feel now that someone else has come yes now that someone else has come yes now that someone else has come yes once [laughs] who knows someone might come [laughs] go who knows someone might come [laughs] go who knows someone might come [laughs] go downstairs and see hey [ hey [ hey [ laughs] laughs] laughs] come come keep the come come keep the come come keep the door open by the way [laughs] door open by the way [laughs] door open by the way [laughs] who knows grandma might have come who knows grandma might have come who knows grandma might have come mother mother mother you do this and that, I mean guess it is a seven you do this and that, I mean guess it is a seven you do this and that, I mean guess it is a seven seater car [laughs] seater car [laughs] seater car [laughs] then then then these old ladies don't wear chunni look this these old ladies don't wear chunni look this these old ladies don't wear chunni look this little one [laughs] the girl has come wearing chunni so I am getting little one [laughs] the girl has come wearing chunni so I am getting little one [laughs] the girl has come wearing chunni so I am getting annoyed mummy by looking at her, she has started annoyed mummy by looking at her, she has started giving values ​​of chunni since childhood, it is giving values ​​of chunni since childhood, it is giving values ​​of chunni since childhood, it is on our generation [laughs] do whatever you want on our generation [laughs] do whatever you want on our generation [laughs] do whatever you want child, child, child, fulfill your wishes now, don't take it after she grows up, fulfill your wishes now, don't take it after she grows up, fulfill your wishes now, don't take it after she grows up, Bublu has come home today, I am holding his ears.  She is saying Bublu has come home today, I am holding his ears.  She is saying Bublu has come home today, I am holding his ears.  She is saying apologize. apologize. apologize. Yes, look at this.  [laughter] Yes, look at this.  [laughter] Yes, look at this.  [laughter] Say sorry, Say sorry, Say sorry, sorry. sorry. sorry. Oh no, you will take the gold star.  [laughter] Oh no, you will take the gold star.  [laughter] Oh no, you will take the gold star.  [laughter] No, is this your first time? No, is this your first time? No, is this your first time? No, she is asking why did you leave me? No, she is asking why did you leave me? No, she is asking why did you leave me? Say sorry.  Yes.  Now let's go back home. Say sorry.  Yes.  Now let's go back home. Say sorry.  Yes.  Now let's go back home. Oh father, Oh father, Oh father, sorry son, sorry.  [Laughter] sorry son, sorry.  [Laughter] sorry son, sorry.  [Laughter] Three ladies were standing in the kitchen, yet they still made tea.   It is Three ladies were standing in the kitchen, yet they still made tea.   It is auspicious.  It is auspicious.  It is auspicious.   It has auspicious.  It is auspicious.  It is auspicious.   It has auspicious.  It is auspicious.  It is auspicious.   It has not come out.   She is getting into the not come out.   She is getting into the not come out.   She is getting into the trap of bread pakoras. trap of bread pakoras. trap of bread pakoras. Sister, give me the pakoras first, the samosas first. Sister, give me the pakoras first, the samosas first. Sister, give me the pakoras first, the samosas first. Give it to me all at once.  We will eat whatever we want to eat.   If Give it to me all at once.  We will eat whatever we want to eat.   If Give it to me all at once.  We will eat whatever we want to eat.   If someone doesn't want to eat, he should sell bread pakodas and someone doesn't want to eat, he should sell bread pakodas and someone doesn't want to eat, he should sell bread pakodas and eat them and then samosa will come.  He feels like eat them and then samosa will come.  He feels like eat them and then samosa will come.  He feels like eating their samosa.   Doesn't eating their samosa.   Doesn't eating their samosa.   Doesn't anyone have anyone have anyone have this in the kitchen? this in the kitchen? this in the kitchen? Yes, there were only two of us, Deepak and I. Yes, there were only two of us, Deepak and I. Yes, there were only two of us, Deepak and I. Then I felt that my brother would not be able to handle it. Then I felt that my brother would not be able to handle it. Then I felt that my brother would not be able to handle it. So I brought Shashi and mom.   I will So I brought Shashi and mom.   I will So I brought Shashi and mom.   I will help him in serving the food right now. help him in serving the food right now. help him in serving the food right now. No, it is not like that about the handle. No, it is not like that about the handle. No, it is not like that about the handle. Our son-in-law will handle it alone. Our son-in-law will handle it alone. Our son-in-law will handle it alone. Handle handle Handle handle Handle handle handle, it's not like that.  We have prepared vegetables.  I have handle, it's not like that.  We have prepared vegetables.  I have handle, it's not like that.  We have prepared vegetables.  I have applied the flour.  I have cooked rice. applied the flour.  I have cooked rice. applied the flour.  I have cooked rice. Just make the bread and do Just make the bread and do Just make the bread and do n't lie.  Raman ji has prepared the vegetable. n't lie.  Raman ji has prepared the vegetable. n't lie.  Raman ji has prepared the vegetable. Raman ji has also prepared the rice. Raman ji has also prepared the rice. Raman ji has also prepared the rice. So I didn't even tell you that I made it.  You have So I didn't even tell you that I made it.  You have So I didn't even tell you that I made it.  You have made me. made me. made me. Why did we plant it?  Then Raman ji has made it. Why did we plant it?  Then Raman ji has made it. I have applied it. I have applied it. I have applied it. Hey, I let you stand with me.  It is a big thing. stand with me.  It is a big thing. stand with me.  It is a big thing. Yes.  Yes, she is going to say this in a while. Yes.  Yes, she is going to say this in a while. Yes.  Yes, she is going to say this in a while. Mom, bring your own.  I am a Mom, bring your own.  I am a Mom, bring your own.  I am a guest at your in-laws' house.  [laughter] guest at your in-laws' house.  [laughter] guest at your in-laws' house.  [laughter] I'm just a guest for three or four hours. I'm just a guest for three or four hours. I'm just a guest for three or four hours. Then I will go to my home. Then I will go to my home. Then I will go to my home. Now it's done. Now it's done. Now it's done. And look, even after coming out, you have to And look, even after coming out, you have to And look, even after coming out, you have to sleep after tying it.  Today I sleep after tying it.  Today I sleep after tying it.  Today I left it open.  I thought I would live like this. left it open.  I thought I would live like this. left it open.  I thought I would live like this. But she started crying.  After tying the dam, you will But she started crying.  After tying the dam, you will But she started crying.  After tying the dam, you will see that it is sleeping peacefully.   You see that it is sleeping peacefully.   You see that it is sleeping peacefully.   You feel comfortable in it like this, right? feel comfortable in it like this, right? feel comfortable in it like this, right? Secure feels secure.  Simmi Secure feels secure.  Simmi Secure feels secure.  Simmi will work. will work. will work. Yes, it will go away. Yes, it will go away. Well, wash the dishes at least once. Well, wash the dishes at least once. Well, wash the dishes at least once. Our Our Our maid comes to wash our utensils. maid comes to wash our utensils. maid comes to wash our utensils. Baba [laughs] Ji, have Baba [laughs] Ji, have Baba [laughs] Ji, have n't you heard about that in-law's atmosphere, Baba Ji, n't you heard about that in-law's atmosphere, Baba Ji, n't you heard about that in-law's atmosphere, Baba Ji, our maid comes.   They don't our maid comes.   They don't our maid comes.   They don't come to you. come to you. come to you. The suit changed.  [laughter] Send it. Send it. Send it. My rasgullas my rasgullas. Mare mere rasgullu see my rasgullu mere rasgullu see my rasgullu mere rasgullu see my rasgullu Daddy's thing is different, Daddy's Daddy's thing is different, Daddy's Daddy's thing is different, Daddy's thing is different, my rasgullu must be bored, thing is different, my rasgullu must be bored, thing is different, my rasgullu must be bored, my Babu, he hasn't fed me songs all day, my Babu, he hasn't fed me songs all day, my Babu, he hasn't fed me songs all day, Papa hasn't even sung songs, which song did you sing, Papa hasn't even sung songs, which song did you sing, Papa hasn't even sung songs, which song did you sing, you song, O Huju you song, O Huju you song, O Huju [laughs] tera tera tera tera suroor [laughs] tera tera tera tera suroor Raman ji is getting impatient, Raman ji is getting impatient, Raman ji is getting impatient, how are you doing it before cooking food, Raman ji, I will make the how are you doing it before cooking food, Raman ji, I will make the how are you doing it before cooking food, Raman ji, I will make the vegetables, I will not make rotis, tell me first vegetables, I will not make rotis, tell me first vegetables, I will not make rotis, tell me first [laughs] I am telling you that three are new, four more have come [laughs] three are new, four more have come [laughs] three are new, four more have come [laughs] no ji, we have come, now if you will still cook food no ji, we have come, now if you will still cook food no ji, we have come, now if you will still cook food then what is the use for us then what is the use for us then what is the use for us today, you sit, we will get it cooked and eaten [laughter] you should today, you sit, we will get it cooked and eaten [laughter] you should today, you sit, we will get it cooked and eaten [laughter] you should also feel the need to come home, come sit also feel the need to come home, come sit also feel the need to come home, come sit and next time if you come, I will neither be there nor will I have to and next time if you come, I will neither be there nor will I have to and next time if you come, I will neither be there nor will I have to make rotis.  [laughter] make rotis.  [laughter] make rotis.  [laughter] Next time at least remember not to say it. Next time at least remember not to say it. Next time at least remember not to say it. Yes sister-in-law, come home quickly. Yes sister-in-law, come home quickly. Yes sister-in-law, come home quickly. Yes, you will not say it you will not say it you will not say it brother, I will not say it just because you say so.   I brother, I will not say it just because you say so.   I brother, I will not say it just because you say so.   I will work as per my wish.  I have will work as per my wish.  I have will work as per my wish.  I have prepared the vegetables.  I will make the roti in a while. prepared the vegetables.  I will make the roti in a while. prepared the vegetables.  I will make the roti in a while. [laughter] Here we go. Preparations are done. Preparations are done. Preparations are done. Now we will return home taking Simran with us.  So guys, Now we will return home taking Simran with us.  So guys, Now we will return home taking Simran with us.  So guys, I changed my tune. I changed my tune. I changed my tune. Fashion potion has gone away somewhere, Fashion potion has gone away somewhere, Fashion potion has gone away somewhere, after having a child, fashion goes away.  It was getting tight.  The after having a child, fashion goes away.  It was getting tight.  The after having a child, fashion goes away.  It was getting tight.  The buttons were pricking her baby so buttons were pricking her baby so buttons were pricking her baby so I bought Simmi's night suit. I bought Simmi's night suit. I bought Simmi's night suit. Well, I thought you brought this for me, Well, I thought you brought this for me, Well, I thought you brought this for me, son. son. son. This me, you look like my uncle.  This is not the This me, you look like my uncle.  This is not the This me, you look like my uncle.  This is not the first time I have come to your place. first time I have come to your place. first time I have come to your place. I am uncle, right?   No no I am uncle, right?   No no I am uncle, right?   No no please uncle.   The please uncle.   The please uncle.   The duties of a daughter-in-law will also be fulfilled by a daughter-in-law. duties of a daughter-in-law will also be fulfilled by a daughter-in-law. duties of a daughter-in-law will also be fulfilled by a daughter-in-law. Why are you coming to my house? Why are you coming to my house? Why are you coming to my house? I have come for the first time, right? [laughs] I have come for the first time, right? [laughs] I have come for the first time, right? [laughs] You have the right to take me. You have the right to take me. You have the right to take me. You should come to my house. I should come to your house. You should come to my house. I should come to your house. You should come to my house. I should come to your house. [laughs] That's right, isn't it? right, isn't it? right, isn't it? Uncle, Uncle, Uncle, Uncle, it has happened like this again. No, Uncle, it has happened like this again. No, Uncle, it has happened like this again. No, please Uncle, it doesn't look good if I take you. please Uncle, it doesn't look good if I take you. please Uncle, it doesn't look good if I take you. Please, Please, Please, why didn't you, we all why didn't you, we all why didn't you, we all came inside the doll. came inside the doll. came inside the doll. Please, Uncle, don't do this. Please, Uncle, don't do this. Please, Uncle, don't do this. Uncle, mine and my child's family came Uncle, mine and my child's family came Uncle, mine and my child's family came together. So, together. So, together. So, you did this in this, they all came together in this. We won't be you did this in this, they all came together in this. We won't be you did this in this, they all came together in this. We won't be separate families, Uncle, we will all come together in one place. separate families, Uncle, we will all come together in one place. Okay, Raman, Okay, Raman, Okay, Raman, okay, Bhaiya, okay, Bhaiya, okay, Bhaiya, how is it done, we are how is it done, we are how is it done, we are leaving for home. Say, Jai Ganpati, Lord leaving for home. Say, Jai Ganpati, Lord leaving for home. Say, Jai Ganpati, Lord Ganesha, Jai Ganesha, Jai Ganesha, Jai Siyapati, Lord Ramchandra. We will not shout all these slogans with fear. Siyapati, Lord Ramchandra. We will not shout all these slogans with fear. Siyapati, Lord Ramchandra. We will not shout all these slogans with fear. [laughs] We [laughs] We [laughs] We came in the morning to collect the SIM, now we are leaving at night. came in the morning to collect the SIM, now we are leaving at night. came in the morning to collect the SIM, now we are leaving at night. Look, brother, we have come home Look, brother, we have come home Look, brother, we have come home and it is 12 o'clock, Sir, we are on our way, so I thought sorry, I thought, I would not ask for something like this.  I and it is 12 o'clock, Sir, we are on our way, so I thought sorry, I thought, I would not ask for something like this.  I and it is 12 o'clock, Sir, we are on our way, so I thought sorry, I thought, I would not ask for something like this.  I brought it and brought it and brought it and thought that I will put her to sleep like this, as soon as she fell asleep she opened her eyes, thought that I will put her to sleep like this, as soon as she fell asleep she opened her eyes, now she will stay awake till 4-5 and will wake me up too, now she will stay awake till 4-5 and will wake me up too, now she will stay awake till 4-5 and will wake me up too, why did she get enough sleep, why did she get enough sleep, why did she get enough sleep, okay okay okay Bu, I will sew for four days at Bu, I will sew for four days at Bu, I will sew for four days at home, so home, so home, so why not send a why not send a why not send a message, after reaching here take her clothes her clothes her clothes brother, Tej Bua has opened a shop, brother, Tej Bua has opened a shop, brother, Tej Bua has opened a shop, high rated, less tantrums high rated, less tantrums high rated, less tantrums from Bua, yes yes Bua, she made tantrums, so guys, from Bua, yes yes Bua, she made tantrums, so guys, from Bua, yes yes Bua, she made tantrums, so guys, how did you like today's vlog, do how did you like today's vlog, do how did you like today's vlog, do tell everyone by commenting.  See you in the next vlog. tell everyone by commenting.  See you in the next vlog. tell everyone by commenting.  See you in the next vlog. Jai Shri Krishna.  Jai Shri Ram. Jai Shri Krishna.  Jai Shri Ram. Jai Shri Krishna.  Jai Shri Ram. Jai Shri Ram.  I am your Jai Shri Ram.  I am your Jai Shri Ram.  I am your [music][sound of singing] No, I am your [music][sound of singing] No, I am your [music][sound of singing] No, I am your lover. lover. lover. is is is