Hey, this is MJ and in today's tutorial, Hey, this is MJ and in today's tutorial, Hey, this is MJ and in today's tutorial, [music] I'm going to be showing you how [music] I'm going to be showing you how [music] I'm going to be showing you how to crochet our timeless granny ripple to crochet our timeless granny ripple to crochet our timeless granny ripple blanket. blanket. blanket. The yarn that I'm using for the pattern The yarn that I'm using for the pattern The yarn that I'm using for the pattern is my yarn line [music] timeless tones is my yarn line [music] timeless tones is my yarn line [music] timeless tones anti-pilling DK weight yarn in anti-pilling DK weight yarn in anti-pilling DK weight yarn in collaboration with Mary [music] Maxim. collaboration with Mary [music] Maxim. collaboration with Mary [music] Maxim. I am using the pinks for this blanket, I am using the pinks for this blanket, I am using the pinks for this blanket, [music] but you can choose any five [music] but you can choose any five [music] but you can choose any five colors that you want. So, I've chosen colors that you want. So, I've chosen colors that you want. So, I've chosen rosewater, rosewater, rosewater, sunset [music] coral, peony pink, petal sunset [music] coral, peony pink, petal sunset [music] coral, peony pink, petal pink, and vintage rose. pink, and vintage rose. pink, and vintage rose. So, for [music] the blanket, you're So, for [music] the blanket, you're So, for [music] the blanket, you're going to need two balls of each color. going to need two balls of each color. going to need two balls of each color. >> [music] >> The hook that I'll be using for this >> The hook that I'll be using for this >> The hook that I'll be using for this pattern is a 5-mm crochet hook, and this pattern is a 5-mm crochet hook, and this pattern is a 5-mm crochet hook, and this is a metal streamline hook from Furls is a metal streamline hook from Furls is a metal streamline hook from Furls Crochet, and we'll link the hook in the Crochet, and we'll link the hook in the Crochet, and we'll link the hook in the description box below the video. description box below the video. description box below the video. So, now for the blanket, I've alternated So, now for the blanket, I've alternated So, now for the blanket, I've alternated my colors. So, I've started with the my colors. So, I've started with the my colors. So, I've started with the lighter, I've then gone to the coral, lighter, I've then gone to the coral, lighter, I've then gone to the coral, the peony pink, the petal pink, and then the peony pink, the petal pink, and then the peony pink, the petal pink, and then the vintage rose. Now, I'm going to be the vintage rose. Now, I'm going to be the vintage rose. Now, I'm going to be working on a smaller swatch with you, working on a smaller swatch with you, working on a smaller swatch with you, and I'm going to be working with the and I'm going to be working with the and I'm going to be working with the peony pink for the swatch tutorial that peony pink for the swatch tutorial that peony pink for the swatch tutorial that we're going to work through together. we're going to work through together. we're going to work through together. So, our granny ripple pattern is worked So, our granny ripple pattern is worked So, our granny ripple pattern is worked in a multiple of 18. For the blanket, in a multiple of 18. For the blanket, in a multiple of 18. For the blanket, you're going to chain out 180. you're going to chain out 180. you're going to chain out 180. Now, for the smaller swatch, I am just Now, for the smaller swatch, I am just Now, for the smaller swatch, I am just going to double up our 18 and work going to double up our 18 and work going to double up our 18 and work 36 chains. 36 chains. 36 chains. So, I'm going to take a slip knot, So, I'm going to take a slip knot, So, I'm going to take a slip knot, putting it on my crochet hook, putting it on my crochet hook, putting it on my crochet hook, and I'll chain out 36. >> So now in the fifth chain from the hook, >> So now in the fifth chain from the hook, >> So now in the fifth chain from the hook, we're going to work three double we're going to work three double we're going to work three double crochet. So 1 2 3 crochet. So 1 2 3 crochet. So 1 2 3 4 5 So there's one two and three. and three. and three. Now we're going to skip the next two Now we're going to skip the next two Now we're going to skip the next two chains and work three double crochet in chains and work three double crochet in chains and work three double crochet in the next chain. the next chain. the next chain. So 1 2 So 1 2 So 1 2 and then three double crochet in the next chain. Okay, and then we're going to skip Okay, and then we're going to skip Okay, and then we're going to skip the next two chains. the next two chains. the next two chains. 1 2 1 2 1 2 And we're going to work And we're going to work And we're going to work three double crochet. and then we're going to chain two and then we're going to chain two and then we're going to chain two and work three double crochet in the and work three double crochet in the and work three double crochet in the same space. same space. same space. Okay, so you can see we've made a peak Okay, so you can see we've made a peak Okay, so you can see we've made a peak by doing the increase in that one chain. by doing the increase in that one chain. by doing the increase in that one chain. So now we're going to So now we're going to So now we're going to skip the next two chains. skip the next two chains. skip the next two chains. 1 2 1 2 1 2 and work three double crochet in the and work three double crochet in the and work three double crochet in the next. next. next. And we're going to do that twice. So, there's our three doubles. Skip the So, there's our three doubles. Skip the So, there's our three doubles. Skip the next two chains, 1, 2, and in the next next two chains, 1, 2, and in the next next two chains, 1, 2, and in the next we'll do three doubles. And then we're going to skip five chains And then we're going to skip five chains And then we're going to skip five chains for our valley. So, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. for our valley. So, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. for our valley. So, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. And in the next And in the next And in the next chain, we're going to work three double chain, we're going to work three double chain, we're going to work three double crochet. We're going to skip two chains, 1, 2, We're going to skip two chains, 1, 2, We're going to skip two chains, 1, 2, and work three double crochet in the and work three double crochet in the and work three double crochet in the next. Now, we're going to skip two, 1, 2, and Now, we're going to skip two, 1, 2, and Now, we're going to skip two, 1, 2, and in the next chain we're going to work in the next chain we're going to work in the next chain we're going to work three double crochet. Chain two and three double crochet. Okay, we're going to skip the next two Okay, we're going to skip the next two Okay, we're going to skip the next two chains, three double crochet. Skip two chains and three double Skip two chains and three double Skip two chains and three double crochet. Okay, and then as you work across your Okay, and then as you work across your Okay, and then as you work across your blanket, you would be coming to another blanket, you would be coming to another blanket, you would be coming to another valley. valley. valley. So, let's just take a look before we So, let's just take a look before we So, let's just take a look before we end. end. end. We're going up with three clusters, We're going up with three clusters, We're going up with three clusters, chain two, chain two, chain two, down with three clusters, down with three clusters, down with three clusters, then we have our valley, then we have our valley, then we have our valley, going up with three, our chain two, going up with three, our chain two, going up with three, our chain two, going down with three, and then you going down with three, and then you going down with three, and then you would have another valley, and you're would have another valley, and you're would have another valley, and you're just going to continue across your just going to continue across your just going to continue across your blanket in this manner. But, now what blanket in this manner. But, now what blanket in this manner. But, now what we're going to do is we're going to end in the final chain is we're going to end in the final chain is we're going to end in the final chain with a double crochet. So, when you get with a double crochet. So, when you get with a double crochet. So, when you get to the end of your blanket, to the end of your blanket, to the end of your blanket, you'll be ending a double crochet in the you'll be ending a double crochet in the you'll be ending a double crochet in the last. last. last. And now if you count your clusters And now if you count your clusters And now if you count your clusters across the entire blanket, you're going across the entire blanket, you're going across the entire blanket, you're going to have 60 clusters. to have 60 clusters. to have 60 clusters. We have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. We have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. We have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. So, that will complete our foundation So, that will complete our foundation So, that will complete our foundation row, and now we're going to work row row, and now we're going to work row row, and now we're going to work row one, and we'll start with a chain four. one, and we'll start with a chain four. one, and we'll start with a chain four. 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 3 4, and this counts as a double crochet. 4, and this counts as a double crochet. 4, and this counts as a double crochet. And then we're going to do three double And then we're going to do three double And then we're going to do three double crochets between crochets between crochets between our clusters. our clusters. our clusters. So, right in the space between So, right in the space between So, right in the space between one, two, three, and we're going to do that twice, three, and we're going to do that twice, three, and we're going to do that twice, so we're going to do it again here. Okay, and then in our chain two space, Okay, and then in our chain two space, Okay, and then in our chain two space, we're going to work three double we're going to work three double we're going to work three double crochet. A chain two. A chain two. A chain two. And three double crochet. Okay, so we've Okay, so we've Okay, so we've done our peak right here. done our peak right here. done our peak right here. And then we're going to work our three And then we're going to work our three And then we're going to work our three DC clusters between our groups. So, DC clusters between our groups. So, DC clusters between our groups. So, three double crochet between these two three double crochet between these two three double crochet between these two clusters. clusters. clusters. One. Two. Three. Three. Three. And between the next. One. Two. Three. Three. Three. And now here's our valley. We're going And now here's our valley. We're going And now here's our valley. We're going to skip this space right here, this space right here, this space right here, which will help pull it to give it that which will help pull it to give it that which will help pull it to give it that point. And we're going to go across and point. And we're going to go across and point. And we're going to go across and we'll do our three clusters we'll do our three clusters we'll do our three clusters between the next two spaces. And this one. Okay, and then we're back to our chain Okay, and then we're back to our chain Okay, and then we're back to our chain two space at the top. So, we'll work two space at the top. So, we'll work two space at the top. So, we'll work three double crochet. Chain two Chain two Chain two and three double crochet all in that and three double crochet all in that and three double crochet all in that same space. Okay, and then we're going to come back Okay, and then we're going to come back Okay, and then we're going to come back down putting our three DC clusters in down putting our three DC clusters in down putting our three DC clusters in our spaces between. So, one two two two three one two three Okay, and then we're coming to the end Okay, and then we're coming to the end Okay, and then we're coming to the end and we're going to finish off with a and we're going to finish off with a and we're going to finish off with a double crochet in that turning chain. And now for the pattern, we're just And now for the pattern, we're just And now for the pattern, we're just going to be repeating this row, but going to be repeating this row, but going to be repeating this row, but we'll work through it again together one we'll work through it again together one we'll work through it again together one more time. So, just like before, we started with a So, just like before, we started with a So, just like before, we started with a chain four. We turn. And then we're going to work our three And then we're going to work our three And then we're going to work our three DC clusters between these next two DC clusters between these next two DC clusters between these next two spaces. spaces. spaces. So, one So, one So, one two three one two three three three And then in our chain two space, we're And then in our chain two space, we're And then in our chain two space, we're going to do three double crochet. Chain two and three double crochet. Okay, and then we're going to do Okay, and then we're going to do Okay, and then we're going to do a cluster between here, a cluster a cluster between here, a cluster a cluster between here, a cluster between here, and then when we get to between here, and then when we get to between here, and then when we get to the valley, we skip the space and then the valley, we skip the space and then the valley, we skip the space and then work up to the next two. Three DC cluster. Three DC cluster. Three DC cluster. Next space. Next space. Next space. One. Two. Two. Two. Three. Three. Three. Skip the valley space. Skip the valley space. Skip the valley space. And then we're going back up. One. And then we're going back up. One. And then we're going back up. One. Two. Three. Three. Three. And in the next And in the next And in the next one. Two. Two. Two. Three. Three. Three. And then our chain two space. One. Two. Two. Two. Three. Chain two. One. One. One. Two. Two. Two. Three. And then we'll work back down clusters And then we'll work back down clusters And then we'll work back down clusters in between. in between. in between. So you can see what a quick and easy So you can see what a quick and easy So you can see what a quick and easy pattern this is. Very easy to memorize. pattern this is. Very easy to memorize. pattern this is. Very easy to memorize. And it's going to work up really quick. And in that turning chain we'll work a And in that turning chain we'll work a And in that turning chain we'll work a double crochet to finish it off. double crochet to finish it off. double crochet to finish it off. Okay, and this is going to keep our Okay, and this is going to keep our Okay, and this is going to keep our sides sides sides nice and straight nice and straight nice and straight as we go. as we go. as we go. And now when we look at our color And now when we look at our color And now when we look at our color pattern, pattern, pattern, we're changing colors. We're going to we're changing colors. We're going to we're changing colors. We're going to work our foundation row plus rows 1 work our foundation row plus rows 1 work our foundation row plus rows 1 through 13 through 13 through 13 in our first color, which is going to be in our first color, which is going to be in our first color, which is going to be about 10 in worth of color. about 10 in worth of color. about 10 in worth of color. Then we're going to change over to color Then we're going to change over to color Then we're going to change over to color B B B and we're going to work 14 rows. So each color we're going to do 14 rows. So each color we're going to do 14 rows. So each color we're going to do 14 rows. Now if you want to alter the 14 rows. Now if you want to alter the 14 rows. Now if you want to alter the size of the blanket, you can do so, but size of the blanket, you can do so, but size of the blanket, you can do so, but based on the pattern and the yarn that based on the pattern and the yarn that based on the pattern and the yarn that we've used, we're doing 14 rows of each we've used, we're doing 14 rows of each we've used, we're doing 14 rows of each color. color. color. Okay, so I just want to show you how to Okay, so I just want to show you how to Okay, so I just want to show you how to change your color. change your color. change your color. So you're going to be changing color So you're going to be changing color So you're going to be changing color always on the right side always on the right side always on the right side or at the end of the wrong side of your or at the end of the wrong side of your or at the end of the wrong side of your work. So we're going to end off with a work. So we're going to end off with a work. So we're going to end off with a double crochet double crochet double crochet and I like to yarn over with the new and I like to yarn over with the new and I like to yarn over with the new color on the last yarn over, so we'll color on the last yarn over, so we'll color on the last yarn over, so we'll pull through. And then we'll go ahead and chain four. Okay, and then you'll have these tails Okay, and then you'll have these tails Okay, and then you'll have these tails to weave in, but you're now just going to weave in, but you're now just going to weave in, but you're now just going to continue and the new color will begin to continue and the new color will begin to continue and the new color will begin on the right side of your work. And I'm just doing this as a And I'm just doing this as a And I'm just doing this as a demonstration, but you'll have worked demonstration, but you'll have worked demonstration, but you'll have worked your 14 your 14 your 14 rows. Okay, and then you can just go ahead Okay, and then you can just go ahead Okay, and then you can just go ahead working with the next color, you can cut working with the next color, you can cut working with the next color, you can cut the first color and continue. the first color and continue. the first color and continue. And what I find is a helpful little tip And what I find is a helpful little tip And what I find is a helpful little tip when working this pattern is you're when working this pattern is you're when working this pattern is you're always going to have three clusters always going to have three clusters always going to have three clusters going up, three clusters going down, going up, three clusters going down, going up, three clusters going down, three clusters going up, three clusters three clusters going up, three clusters three clusters going up, three clusters going down. And that will help you keep going down. And that will help you keep going down. And that will help you keep track to make sure you stay on track track to make sure you stay on track track to make sure you stay on track with your clusters as you work across. with your clusters as you work across. with your clusters as you work across. So now here's a bit bigger swatch I was So now here's a bit bigger swatch I was So now here's a bit bigger swatch I was working on and I'm going to show you how working on and I'm going to show you how working on and I'm going to show you how to do the edge. Okay, so we're finishing on our wrong Okay, so we're finishing on our wrong Okay, so we're finishing on our wrong side side side and for the blanket you'll be finishing and for the blanket you'll be finishing and for the blanket you'll be finishing at row 69. at row 69. at row 69. We'll then chain one. We'll then chain one. We'll then chain one. Okay, so then we're working back across Okay, so then we're working back across Okay, so then we're working back across now the right side. now the right side. now the right side. We're going to single crochet in the We're going to single crochet in the We're going to single crochet in the first stitch, first stitch, first stitch, chain two, and single crochet and single crochet and single crochet all in that same stitch. all in that same stitch. all in that same stitch. We'll skip the next stitch, single We'll skip the next stitch, single We'll skip the next stitch, single crochet, crochet, crochet, chain two, chain two, chain two, single crochet. single crochet. single crochet. Skip the next stitch, single crochet, Skip the next stitch, single crochet, Skip the next stitch, single crochet, chain two, single crochet. chain two, single crochet. chain two, single crochet. And we're going to keep doing this all And we're going to keep doing this all And we're going to keep doing this all the way way across. So skipping a stitch the way way across. So skipping a stitch the way way across. So skipping a stitch and then single, chain two, single and then single, chain two, single and then single, chain two, single all in the same all in the same all in the same space. And we're going to end space. And we're going to end space. And we're going to end [clears throat] up with this beautiful [clears throat] up with this beautiful [clears throat] up with this beautiful little little little picot picot picot edging across the blanket. And here I'm coming to the chain two, so And here I'm coming to the chain two, so And here I'm coming to the chain two, so I'll just go ahead I'll just go ahead I'll just go ahead and do the same thing in the chain two. >> Okay, and >> Okay, and >> Okay, and I'm just finishing off in the last I'm just finishing off in the last I'm just finishing off in the last stitch here. Okay, so you're just going to work it Okay, so you're just going to work it Okay, so you're just going to work it like this all the way across the top, like this all the way across the top, like this all the way across the top, and then we can fasten off. I'm not and then we can fasten off. I'm not and then we can fasten off. I'm not going to do anything along the sides of going to do anything along the sides of going to do anything along the sides of the blanket. We're just leaving them the blanket. We're just leaving them the blanket. We're just leaving them like this. Okay, so we can fasten that off, and Okay, so we can fasten that off, and Okay, so we can fasten that off, and then we're also going to join back. So, we're going to go to the wrong side. So, we're going to go to the wrong side. So, we're going to go to the wrong side. We're going to go across this in single We're going to go across this in single We're going to go across this in single crochet to start with, and then we will crochet to start with, and then we will crochet to start with, and then we will do our picot edge across here, as well. So, we're getting our two chains So, we're getting our two chains So, we're getting our two chains between. Oops. And then a single crochet. And just working this across. >> Okay, so once you work evenly across, I >> Okay, so once you work evenly across, I >> Okay, so once you work evenly across, I started with one. started with one. started with one. Working my stitches across. Working my stitches across. Working my stitches across. And [clears throat] then we're going to And [clears throat] then we're going to And [clears throat] then we're going to chain one and turn at the end. And now we're we're back to the right And now we're we're back to the right And now we're we're back to the right side and we'll do the same. So we'll side and we'll do the same. So we'll side and we'll do the same. So we'll single crochet, single crochet, single crochet, chain two, chain two, chain two, single crochet, single crochet, single crochet, skip the next, skip the next, skip the next, single, single, single, chain two, chain two, chain two, single in the same stitch. Okay, so once you finish getting across, Okay, so once you finish getting across, Okay, so once you finish getting across, you can just fasten off and then you can you can just fasten off and then you can you can just fasten off and then you can weave in all of your tails. That wraps up today's [music] tutorial. That wraps up today's [music] tutorial. That wraps up today's [music] tutorial. I hope you enjoyed the video. Make sure I hope you enjoyed the video. Make sure I hope you enjoyed the video. Make sure to check the description box below for to check the description box below for to check the description box below for [music] the yarn and pattern links. [music] the yarn and pattern links. [music] the yarn and pattern links. Thanks so much guys. Have an awesome Thanks so much guys. Have an awesome Thanks so much guys. Have an awesome day. >> [music]