Hey y'all, hey. Welcome back to my Hey y'all, hey. Welcome back to my Hey y'all, hey. Welcome back to my channel. And today, y'all, today I'm channel. And today, y'all, today I'm channel. And today, y'all, today I'm back with another product review, y'all. back with another product review, y'all. back with another product review, y'all. And today, And today, And today, um um um y'all know I'm on vacation, but I still y'all know I'm on vacation, but I still y'all know I'm on vacation, but I still got to keep this content rolling. So, I got to keep this content rolling. So, I got to keep this content rolling. So, I decided to do a product review on these decided to do a product review on these decided to do a product review on these pickles, um pickles, um pickles, um from the QT, um from the QT, um from the QT, um the QT, um stop here in the QT, um stop here in the QT, um stop here in Alabama. I'm doing the Oh Snap, um Alabama. I'm doing the Oh Snap, um Alabama. I'm doing the Oh Snap, um sweet and spicy pickle. I got that. I'm sweet and spicy pickle. I got that. I'm sweet and spicy pickle. I got that. I'm doing doing doing the the the um QT um QT um QT hot and spicy pickle. I'm doing it on hot and spicy pickle. I'm doing it on hot and spicy pickle. I'm doing it on this QT hot and spicy. this QT hot and spicy. this QT hot and spicy. I'm also doing the dill and garlic, the I'm also doing the dill and garlic, the I'm also doing the dill and garlic, the QT QT brand. And I'm also doing this Oh QT QT brand. And I'm also doing this Oh QT QT brand. And I'm also doing this Oh Snap cranberry sweetness. We're going to Snap cranberry sweetness. We're going to Snap cranberry sweetness. We're going to do this later. And shout out to Yolanda. do this later. And shout out to Yolanda. do this later. And shout out to Yolanda. Yolanda, my girl. She told me to try Yolanda, my girl. She told me to try Yolanda, my girl. She told me to try these out. I've tried the pickles these out. I've tried the pickles these out. I've tried the pickles before, but just the regular ones, um before, but just the regular ones, um before, but just the regular ones, um and this is the sweet and spicy. So, I'm and this is the sweet and spicy. So, I'm and this is the sweet and spicy. So, I'm going to do a review on these, going to do a review on these, going to do a review on these, especially because she told me to try especially because she told me to try especially because she told me to try these. So, I really want to see what these. So, I really want to see what these. So, I really want to see what they taste like because I love they taste like because I love they taste like because I love cranberries. cranberries. cranberries. So, the Oh Snaps, we're going to do them So, the Oh Snaps, we're going to do them So, the Oh Snaps, we're going to do them last because this is the sweet the last because this is the sweet the last because this is the sweet the cranberry sweetness, and this is the cranberry sweetness, and this is the cranberry sweetness, and this is the sweet and spicy. So, we're going to do sweet and spicy. So, we're going to do sweet and spicy. So, we're going to do the sweets the sweets the sweets last. And so, first we're going to do last. And so, first we're going to do last. And so, first we're going to do the QT QT brands, um the dill and the QT QT brands, um the dill and the QT QT brands, um the dill and garlic, and I'm doing the hot and spicy. garlic, and I'm doing the hot and spicy. garlic, and I'm doing the hot and spicy. So, let's do the dill and garlic first. So, let's open it. I love pickles, So, let's open it. I love pickles, So, let's open it. I love pickles, y'all. So, y'all. So, y'all. So, we're going to see how they taste. This we're going to see how they taste. This we're going to see how they taste. This is the um dill and garlic. Mhm. >> I love pickles. >> I love pickles. >> I love pickles. I don't really care how they are, but I I don't really care how they are, but I I don't really care how they are, but I just want to see how they are. just want to see how they are. just want to see how they are. And with these, they're really good. And with these, they're really good. And with these, they're really good. Oh, it tastes good. Oh, it tastes good. Oh, it tastes good. Impressive, though. It's cold. It's cold. It's cold. It tastes really good, but It tastes really good, but It tastes really good, but to me, I can use a little bit more to me, I can use a little bit more to me, I can use a little bit more garlic on them. Maybe because it's the garlic on them. Maybe because it's the garlic on them. Maybe because it's the QT the QT brand. Um Um Um but but but it tastes really good, just like a it tastes really good, just like a it tastes really good, just like a pickle. I don't really pickle. I don't really pickle. I don't really have that I don't really taste too much of a dill I don't really taste too much of a dill I don't really taste too much of a dill dill, you know, dill pickles. Dill is dill, you know, dill pickles. Dill is dill, you know, dill pickles. Dill is kind of strong sense of a pickle, kind of strong sense of a pickle, kind of strong sense of a pickle, but I definitely don't taste the garlic. but I definitely don't taste the garlic. but I definitely don't taste the garlic. And y'all know I love garlic. I'm the And y'all know I love garlic. I'm the And y'all know I love garlic. I'm the garlic queen. Like, I love garlic on garlic queen. Like, I love garlic on garlic queen. Like, I love garlic on everything I'm cooking, everything I'm cooking, everything I'm cooking, mostly. mostly. mostly. But it's okay. it's okay. it's okay. It's okay for the QT QT brand. It's okay for the QT QT brand. It's okay for the QT QT brand. I don't really taste all the dill. I don't really taste all the dill. I don't really taste all the dill. And I don't really taste all the And I don't really taste all the And I don't really taste all the garlic. It could use more dill and garlic. It could use more dill and garlic. It could use more dill and garlic in there. garlic in there. garlic in there. Okay? I'm going to wash this down I'm going to wash this down I'm going to wash this down away, and then we're going to taste the away, and then we're going to taste the away, and then we're going to taste the other one. Okay. All right. So, this one is the hot and All right. So, this one is the hot and All right. So, this one is the hot and spicy. spicy. spicy. Hot and spicy. Let's try the hot and Hot and spicy. Let's try the hot and Hot and spicy. Let's try the hot and spicy, y'all. spicy, y'all. spicy, y'all. And I'm just sitting in my car wasting And I'm just sitting in my car wasting And I'm just sitting in my car wasting time, cuz we're supposed to be going to time, cuz we're supposed to be going to time, cuz we're supposed to be going to eat something, but I said, let me do a eat something, but I said, let me do a eat something, but I said, let me do a park with you. park with you. park with you. >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> This is the uh what I said? The hot and >> This is the uh what I said? The hot and >> This is the uh what I said? The hot and spicy. So, let's taste this one. This is spicy. So, let's taste this one. This is spicy. So, let's taste this one. This is the the QT QT brand. Mhm. >> They pickles. They taste good cuz I love >> They pickles. They taste good cuz I love >> They pickles. They taste good cuz I love pickles, but pickles, but pickles, but as far as hot and spicy, as far as hot and spicy, as far as hot and spicy, I don't get. I don't get. I don't get. For me, For me, For me, it's like a regular pickle. I don't really taste all that hot and I don't really taste all that hot and I don't really taste all that hot and spicy. spicy. spicy. It's just a little hint of it, but it's It's just a little hint of it, but it's It's just a little hint of it, but it's not not not and you know it's not like what I I and you know it's not like what I I and you know it's not like what I I would I would want it to be like a would I would want it to be like a would I would want it to be like a little a little power in it. It's not. little a little power in it. It's not. little a little power in it. It's not. It's just a little It's just a little It's just a little hit. Not a Not Not It's like a hit hit. Not a Not Not It's like a hit hit. Not a Not Not It's like a hit little hit, but not a kick. You know little hit, but not a kick. You know little hit, but not a kick. You know what I'm saying? But, yeah. what I'm saying? But, yeah. what I'm saying? But, yeah. Uh so, Uh so, Uh so, I feel eating, but I feel eating, but I feel eating, but it's not that hot and spicy, no. Not like I would want it to be hot and Not like I would want it to be hot and Not like I would want it to be hot and spicy anyway. spicy anyway. spicy anyway. So, I think they were $1.99, so if you just I think they were $1.99, so if you just I think they were $1.99, so if you just got that taste for pickles, like got that taste for pickles, like got that taste for pickles, like sometimes I get a taste I just want sometimes I get a taste I just want sometimes I get a taste I just want pickles. pickles. pickles. Um Um Um that'll probably work for you. But, like that'll probably work for you. But, like that'll probably work for you. But, like I said, the deal I mean the hot and I said, the deal I mean the hot and I said, the deal I mean the hot and spicy snap it's a little hint, but not a spicy snap it's a little hint, but not a spicy snap it's a little hint, but not a kick like I would want it in there. All right, y'all. All right, y'all. All right, y'all. All right, let's go to the brand a known All right, let's go to the brand a known All right, let's go to the brand a known known brand, the Oh Snap. Like this is known brand, the Oh Snap. Like this is known brand, the Oh Snap. Like this is the really known brand. But, we're going the really known brand. But, we're going the really known brand. But, we're going to do the cranberry snaps. to do the cranberry snaps. to do the cranberry snaps. Since we're on the pickles, let's go to Since we're on the pickles, let's go to Since we're on the pickles, let's go to this one. This is um the sweet and this one. This is um the sweet and this one. This is um the sweet and spicy. spicy. spicy. The sweet and spicy. The sweet and spicy. The sweet and spicy. And this is like a popular brand right And this is like a popular brand right And this is like a popular brand right here. I buy these all the time, just the here. I buy these all the time, just the here. I buy these all the time, just the regular ones. regular ones. regular ones. Um especially like when I be working and Um especially like when I be working and Um especially like when I be working and stuff. stuff. stuff. But, yeah. So, let's taste this. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Ooh. Okay, this is a a known brand. Okay, this is a a known brand. Okay, this is a a known brand. QT's a bit, but it's just a generic QT's a bit, but it's just a generic QT's a bit, but it's just a generic brand, but but this is the sweet and brand, but but this is the sweet and brand, but but this is the sweet and spicy and I taste the sweetness when I spicy and I taste the sweetness when I spicy and I taste the sweetness when I first bit into I tasted the sweetness of first bit into I tasted the sweetness of first bit into I tasted the sweetness of the pickle and the spicy I the pickle and the spicy I the pickle and the spicy I I taste the spiciness in my throat. So, I taste the spiciness in my throat. So, I taste the spiciness in my throat. So, yeah. yeah. yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Ooh. It's just cold to my tooth, but I get the [clears throat] sweet and I get the [clears throat] sweet and I get the [clears throat] sweet and spiciness. I don't really like sweet spiciness. I don't really like sweet spiciness. I don't really like sweet pickles unless I'm use like in tuna or pickles unless I'm use like in tuna or pickles unless I'm use like in tuna or something like that. But just like a something like that. But just like a something like that. But just like a pickle wise, I don't really want to be pickle wise, I don't really want to be pickle wise, I don't really want to be sweet unless it's in a salad or sweet unless it's in a salad or sweet unless it's in a salad or something like this, but just eating it, something like this, but just eating it, something like this, but just eating it, but I taste the sweetness. I taste the but I taste the sweetness. I taste the but I taste the sweetness. I taste the spiciness in this pickle. Uh Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. I taste all sweet spicy. I taste all sweet spicy. I taste all sweet spicy. It feels like that sweetness and that It feels like that sweetness and that It feels like that sweetness and that spicy kick. spicy kick. spicy kick. Right here. Right here. Right here. Oh, snap. Oh, snap. Oh, snap. I taste it. I taste it. I taste it. Woo. Woo. Woo. Yeah, for sure, for sure. Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. Wash y'all that away. Wash y'all that away. Wash y'all that away. And I'mma finish those. And I'mma finish those. And I'mma finish those. Those are really good. They they good. Those are really good. They they good. Those are really good. They they good. But yeah, I like that little kick and But yeah, I like that little kick and But yeah, I like that little kick and hit of sweetness, but I don't really hit of sweetness, but I don't really hit of sweetness, but I don't really want to just be eating a sweet pickle. I want to just be eating a sweet pickle. I want to just be eating a sweet pickle. I like it in my salad like I said, but like it in my salad like I said, but like it in my salad like I said, but next right here we doing the cranberry next right here we doing the cranberry next right here we doing the cranberry sweetness sweetness sweetness and Yolanda she rated this I think a 10 and Yolanda she rated this I think a 10 and Yolanda she rated this I think a 10 out of 10. Shout out to out of 10. Shout out to out of 10. Shout out to It's Yolanda. It's Yolanda. It's Yolanda. Um so, she was like get these. So, I'm Um so, she was like get these. So, I'm Um so, she was like get these. So, I'm trying them out, girl. Let's see what trying them out, girl. Let's see what trying them out, girl. Let's see what they tasting like. they tasting like. they tasting like. And this is the cranberries. I love And this is the cranberries. I love And this is the cranberries. I love cranberries especially like in my salads cranberries especially like in my salads cranberries especially like in my salads and stuff. and stuff. and stuff. So, let's see. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. infused infused infused Cranberries infused with a burst of Cranberries infused with a burst of Cranberries infused with a burst of fruit flavors. Yeah. fruit flavors. Yeah. fruit flavors. Yeah. And you can taste that burst of fruit And you can taste that burst of fruit And you can taste that burst of fruit flavors. They really good. flavors. They really good. flavors. They really good. And as a matter of fact, And as a matter of fact, And as a matter of fact, if I had a salad right now, if I had a salad right now, if I had a salad right now, I would sprinkle these on my salad. I would sprinkle these on my salad. I would sprinkle these on my salad. For sure, for sure. They're really good. For sure, for sure. They're really good. For sure, for sure. They're really good. I like the taste of them. I like the I like the taste of them. I like the I like the taste of them. I like the flavor. flavor. flavor. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. They're really good. They're really good. They're really good. Cranberries infused with a burst of Cranberries infused with a burst of Cranberries infused with a burst of fruit flavors. I think I already read fruit flavors. I think I already read fruit flavors. I think I already read that, but that, but that, but these are really good, y'all. So, let's these are really good, y'all. So, let's these are really good, y'all. So, let's rate these and then we going to get on rate these and then we going to get on rate these and then we going to get on up out of here. up out of here. up out of here. Okay. Okay. Okay. For these cranberries, For these cranberries, For these cranberries, I rate them a 10 out of 10. They're I rate them a 10 out of 10. They're I rate them a 10 out of 10. They're really good. really good. really good. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Oh. I don't like eating in my car, y'all, I don't like eating in my car, y'all, I don't like eating in my car, y'all, but that I waste some. I got to get I but that I waste some. I got to get I but that I waste some. I got to get I got to get that up. got to get that up. got to get that up. But, I rate these a 10 out of 10. If But, I rate these a 10 out of 10. If But, I rate these a 10 out of 10. If you're on the on the road traveling like you're on the on the road traveling like you're on the on the road traveling like I am, I am, I am, get you some cranberries or some old get you some cranberries or some old get you some cranberries or some old pickles. If you pass by QT, they pickles. If you pass by QT, they pickles. If you pass by QT, they probably have them in other probably have them in other probably have them in other um um um stations, gas stations. stations, gas stations. stations, gas stations. But, mhm. But, mhm. But, mhm. These are good. These are good. These are good. 10 out of 10, Y'all know to thanks for 10 out of 10, Y'all know to thanks for 10 out of 10, Y'all know to thanks for putting me on to the Old Snaps putting me on to the Old Snaps putting me on to the Old Snaps cranberries. I found some, girl. cranberries. I found some, girl. cranberries. I found some, girl. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um Um Um It's um sassy bites, the Old Snap. This It's um sassy bites, the Old Snap. This It's um sassy bites, the Old Snap. This is the spicy, sweet and spicy. is the spicy, sweet and spicy. is the spicy, sweet and spicy. I rate these a 10 out of 10. They're I rate these a 10 out of 10. They're I rate these a 10 out of 10. They're really good. They taste like what they really good. They taste like what they really good. They taste like what they say. The cranberry tastes like what what say. The cranberry tastes like what what say. The cranberry tastes like what what it says. it says. it says. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. They're good. They're good. They're good. They got that sweetness to it. They got that sweetness to it. They got that sweetness to it. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. But, these like I just eat them, But, these like I just eat them, But, these like I just eat them, but cut them up in my salad or but cut them up in my salad or but cut them up in my salad or something. Yeah. something. Yeah. something. Yeah. But, 10 out of 10 for these. But, 10 out of 10 for these. But, 10 out of 10 for these. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. They're really good. And I just told both of these up. And I just told both of these up. And I just told both of these up. They're both of the QT deals. I rate They're both of the QT deals. I rate They're both of the QT deals. I rate them a I'll give them a six. them a I'll give them a six. them a I'll give them a six. Six out of 10. Six out of 10. Six out of 10. And that's pushing it because And that's pushing it because And that's pushing it because they're pickles. they're pickles. they're pickles. But they don't really uh like this one says they don't really uh like this one says they don't really uh like this one says um dill and garlic. I don't really taste um dill and garlic. I don't really taste um dill and garlic. I don't really taste too much dill and too much garlic. Like too much dill and too much garlic. Like too much dill and too much garlic. Like they put just it like I said like a hint they put just it like I said like a hint they put just it like I said like a hint but not a kick of it in there. And the but not a kick of it in there. And the but not a kick of it in there. And the same same with this hot and spicy one. same same with this hot and spicy one. same same with this hot and spicy one. It's not that hot and that spicy. For me It's not that hot and that spicy. For me It's not that hot and that spicy. For me it's like a hint and not a kick. But I it's like a hint and not a kick. But I it's like a hint and not a kick. But I give them a six out of 10. give them a six out of 10. give them a six out of 10. And that's what it is. And that's the QT And that's what it is. And that's the QT And that's what it is. And that's the QT QT brand. QT brand. QT brand. Um Um Um but yeah, and I think but yeah, and I think but yeah, and I think all of these were $1.99. all of these were $1.99. all of these were $1.99. Let me see my receipt. I've paid Let me see my receipt. I've paid Let me see my receipt. I've paid Well, no. This This Oh Snap! ones was Oh Well, no. This This Oh Snap! ones was Oh Well, no. This This Oh Snap! ones was Oh Snap! um cranberries and Snap! um cranberries and Snap! um cranberries and the um hottest uh sweet and spicy one the um hottest uh sweet and spicy one the um hottest uh sweet and spicy one they were $2.19. they were $2.19. they were $2.19. $2.19. I got the water for $1.49. And $2.19. I got the water for $1.49. And $2.19. I got the water for $1.49. And the spi- um the QT brands was $1.99. And the spi- um the QT brands was $1.99. And the spi- um the QT brands was $1.99. And all I spent $10.64 all I spent $10.64 all I spent $10.64 on this review. on this review. on this review. Okay, y'all. And that's what it is. Uh Okay, y'all. And that's what it is. Uh Okay, y'all. And that's what it is. Uh >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> thanks for joining me. Y'all stay safe. >> thanks for joining me. Y'all stay safe. >> thanks for joining me. Y'all stay safe. Be blessed. And I'mma catch you on the Be blessed. And I'mma catch you on the Be blessed. And I'mma catch you on the next review. Bye. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> They don't know me. I like to get it >> They don't know me. I like to get it >> They don't know me. I like to get it popping in [music] the streets. popping in [music] the streets. popping in [music] the streets. in my business coming out to choosing in my business coming out to choosing in my business coming out to choosing violence. If you see me out in public, violence. If you see me out in public, violence. If you see me out in public, you don't know me.