Where are those hands that have done this craftsmanship Where are those hands that have done this craftsmanship Where are those hands that have done this craftsmanship Oh wow wow wow, I should dance [laughs] Oh wow wow wow, I should dance [laughs] Oh wow wow wow, I should dance [laughs] wow wow wow I have also done it Hey cut the onion [laughs] I have also done it Hey cut the onion [laughs] I have also done it Hey cut the onion [laughs] I have cut the onion I have cut the onion I have cut the onion Which onion have I cut Which onion have I cut Which onion have I cut in my dream in my dream in my dream I might die on your laughter [music] I might die on your laughter [music] I might die on your laughter [music] Your Your Your good morning today the morning is also happening in the kitchen The good morning today the morning is also happening in the kitchen The good morning today the morning is also happening in the kitchen The vogue is starting from the kitchen vogue is starting from the kitchen vogue is starting from the kitchen today early in the morning I had today early in the morning I had today early in the morning I had prepared water to go, lemonade and here prepared water to go, lemonade and here prepared water to go, lemonade and here a glass was lying along with it.  A voice came from inside, a glass was lying along with it.  A voice came from inside, a glass was lying along with it.  A voice came from inside, Malan Saheb's, and my attention was diverted.   The Malan Saheb's, and my attention was diverted.   The Malan Saheb's, and my attention was diverted.   The lemonade spilled completely.  Look at this glass from above, it was lemonade spilled completely.  Look at this glass from above, it was lemonade spilled completely.  Look at this glass from above, it was inaugurated early in the morning.  They say, if you inaugurated early in the morning.  They say, if you inaugurated early in the morning.  They say, if you lose caution,  the accident happened.  That lose caution,  the accident happened.  That lose caution,  the accident happened.  That situation happened.  Meaning, I was doing my situation happened.  Meaning, I was doing my situation happened.  Meaning, I was doing my work comfortably.  I filled it with water like work comfortably.  I filled it with water like work comfortably.  I filled it with water like lemonade and had not put the lid on it yet.   A lemonade and had not put the lid on it yet.   A lemonade and had not put the lid on it yet.   A voice came from there.  His shoes were missing. voice came from there.  His shoes were missing. voice came from there.  His shoes were missing. My attention was diverted.  Touched it.   The My attention was diverted.  Touched it.   The My attention was diverted.  Touched it.   The water bottle fell along with it and the glass water bottle fell along with it and the glass water bottle fell along with it and the glass also.  And now it is necessary to clean it before going for a walk. also.  And now it is necessary to clean it before going for a walk. also.  And now it is necessary to clean it before going for a walk. Look, all the glass has fallen.  Do it Look, all the glass has fallen.  Do it Look, all the glass has fallen.  Do it brother.  Otherwise, you will hit your own feet.  If brother.  Otherwise, you will hit your own feet.  If brother.  Otherwise, you will hit your own feet.  If anyone comes here, the glass may hit the mountain. anyone comes here, the glass may hit the mountain. So we will do this work first thing in the morning.  While going like this, So we will do this work first thing in the morning.  While going like this, So we will do this work first thing in the morning.  While going like this, my eyes fell on it.  Complete greenery my eyes fell on it.  Complete greenery my eyes fell on it.  Complete greenery and green peacock in the middle of the greenery. and green peacock in the middle of the greenery. and green peacock in the middle of the greenery. And he was looking cute and look, I have got And he was looking cute and look, I have got And he was looking cute and look, I have got wings too. Today while walking I walked and did wings too. Today while walking I walked and did wings too. Today while walking I walked and did exercise too but the condition has become so bad exercise too but the condition has become so bad exercise too but the condition has become so bad that my husband is lying completely that my husband is lying completely that my husband is lying completely wet, it seems as if he has just come from a bath.   I have come back after wet, it seems as if he has just come from a bath.   I have come back after bathing in the ocean of health. bathing in the ocean of health. bathing in the ocean of health. In the sea of ​​health [laughter] you know the wind In the sea of ​​health [laughter] you know the wind In the sea of ​​health [laughter] you know the wind is blowing but it's very hot.  It is very humid. is blowing but it's very hot.  It is very humid. is blowing but it's very hot.  It is very humid. My husband My husband My husband sweats this much normally.  So it comes out even more in this season. sweats this much normally.  So it comes out even more in this season. sweats this much normally.  So it comes out even more in this season. Is good.  You will lose some weight. Is good.  You will lose some weight. Is good.  You will lose some weight. This pot is This pot is This pot is right, the pot is very firm, is right, the pot is very firm, is right, the pot is very firm, is n't it sir, n't it sir, n't it sir, it has come out a little, the weight is not much, the it has come out a little, the weight is not much, the it has come out a little, the weight is not much, the difference of two kilos in weight is big, but the difference of two kilos in weight is big, but the difference of two kilos in weight is big, but the big big big biscuits got stuck in the stomach, you eat so many biscuits biscuits got stuck in the stomach, you eat so many biscuits [laughs] you [laughs] you [laughs] you know we come for a walk because know we come for a walk because know we come for a walk because this is our way of passing time, this is our way of passing time, this is our way of passing time, what to do sitting at home, we don't have any social circle now, what to do sitting at home, we don't have any social circle now, what to do sitting at home, we don't have any social circle now, earlier we used to live in Delhi, so even then we used to earlier we used to live in Delhi, so even then we used to make a program once a week, sometimes twice, sometimes we went with friends, make a program once a week, sometimes twice, sometimes we went with friends, make a program once a week, sometimes twice, sometimes we went with friends, sometimes those people came.  Time used to pass like this. sometimes those people came.  Time used to pass like this. sometimes those people came.  Time used to pass like this. Now there is no one here. Now there is no one here. Now there is no one here. We are not able to go anywhere in the social circle.  Just We are not able to go anywhere in the social circle.  Just We are not able to go anywhere in the social circle.  Just come for a walk.  This is our time pass. come for a walk.  This is our time pass. come for a walk.  This is our time pass. Otherwise what would I do at home all day?  Isn't it? Otherwise what would I do at home all day?  Isn't it? Otherwise what would I do at home all day?  Isn't it? Our circle Our circle Our circle revolves around our children only.  If they take us somewhere, revolves around our children only.  If they take us somewhere, revolves around our children only.  If they take us somewhere, we just go.  If he comes down, we just go.  If he comes down, we just go.  If he comes down, we can talk.  Otherwise, we two are the only ones we can talk.  Otherwise, we two are the only ones we can talk.  Otherwise, we two are the only ones who pass time like this. who pass time like this. who pass time like this. Look at this.  This has been burning my hands for a week. Look at this.  This has been burning my hands for a week. Look at this.  This has been burning my hands for a week. But I don't know which doctor to consult.  It has become But I don't know which doctor to consult.  It has become But I don't know which doctor to consult.  It has become pus.  I am pus.  I am pus.  I am thinking that by applying medicines and coconut oil it will get thinking that by applying medicines and coconut oil it will get thinking that by applying medicines and coconut oil it will get cured.  But there is so much pen, cured.  But there is so much pen, cured.  But there is so much pen, things fall into it.  But what to do?  This is how things fall into it.  But what to do?  This is how things fall into it.  But what to do?  This is how our life goes.  Have you heard the song?   The our life goes.  Have you heard the song?   The our life goes.  Have you heard the song?   The peacock danced in the forest.  who saw?  I saw it. peacock danced in the forest.  who saw?  I saw it. peacock danced in the forest.  who saw?  I saw it. Look, he is dancing in the forest with his wings spread wide. Look, he is dancing in the forest with his wings spread wide. Look, he is dancing in the forest with his wings spread wide. Brother, you are looking so beautiful. Brother, you are looking so beautiful. Brother, you are looking so beautiful. Peehan is also nearby. Peehan is also nearby. Peehan is also nearby. What is this happening? What is this happening? What is this happening? No one gives me a towel upstairs. No one gives me a towel upstairs. No one gives me a towel upstairs. I have gone mad rebelling against this. I have gone mad rebelling against this. I have gone mad rebelling against this. I repeat this again and again, I repeat this again and again, I repeat this again and again, friends.  But no one listens to me.  This friends.  But no one listens to me.  This friends.  But no one listens to me.  This pink one is obviously not mine.  But I will take it.   It pink one is obviously not mine.  But I will take it.   It is necessary.  Mom, I have gone mad. is necessary.  Mom, I have gone mad. is necessary.  Mom, I have gone mad. I'll bring a pink towel.  Then I took a bath and do you I'll bring a pink towel.  Then I took a bath and do you I'll bring a pink towel.  Then I took a bath and do you know what happened yesterday?  Came out after taking bath.  I know what happened yesterday?  Came out after taking bath.  I know what happened yesterday?  Came out after taking bath.  I saw that there was no towel.  Then saw that there was no towel.  Then saw that there was no towel.  Then what, I cleaned myself with the vest, picked up what, I cleaned myself with the vest, picked up what, I cleaned myself with the vest, picked up a vest and wiped myself completely. a vest and wiped myself completely. a vest and wiped myself completely. Brother. Brother. Brother. So you didn't call mom. So you didn't call mom. So you didn't call mom. How did you make noise from the first floor? How did you make noise from the first floor? How did you make noise from the first floor? This is a very crazy thing.  By asking.  What? This is a very crazy thing.  By asking.  What? This is a very crazy thing.  By asking.  What? You also take a bath. You also take a bath. You also take a bath. Wow!  I didn't sleep in this like you.   I Wow!  I didn't sleep in this like you.   I Wow!  I didn't sleep in this like you.   I woke up to this yesterday.  I came back from my trip in this woke up to this yesterday.  I came back from my trip in this woke up to this yesterday.  I came back from my trip in this and slept in this.  Woke up in the morning and wore it. and slept in this.  Woke up in the morning and wore it. and slept in this.  Woke up in the morning and wore it. Anything.  I told the truth or lied, Anything.  I told the truth or lied, Anything.  I told the truth or lied, I too I too I too wore this in the morning yesterday, I didn't go anywhere wore this in the morning yesterday, I didn't go anywhere wore this in the morning yesterday, I didn't go anywhere disrespectfully, I came after taking a disrespectfully, I came after taking a disrespectfully, I came after taking a bath, I bath, I bath, I thought he was going somewhere, I asked where he was going, he said thought he was going somewhere, I asked where he was going, he said thought he was going somewhere, I asked where he was going, he said I thought he must be going somewhere, he I thought he must be going somewhere, he I thought he must be going somewhere, he just went upstairs from here and did just went upstairs from here and did just went upstairs from here and did n't go anywhere, he is n't go anywhere, he is n't go anywhere, he is travelling a lot these days travelling a lot these days travelling a lot these days from the second floor to the ground floor, ground floor to the from the second floor to the ground floor, ground floor to the from the second floor to the ground floor, ground floor to the second floor, how is he second floor, how is he second floor, how is he managing his life, he has taken his pink towel also, he has picked up managing his life, he has taken his pink towel also, he has picked up managing his life, he has taken his pink towel also, he has picked up three towels, we will take bath with three towels, three towels, we will take bath with three towels, three towels, we will take bath with three towels, I am telling you, you won't know in two days, I will I am telling you, you won't know in two days, I will I am telling you, you won't know in two days, I will shift all the towels downstairs upstairs, shift all the towels downstairs upstairs, shift all the towels downstairs upstairs, now mommy is with you, she will take the towel, now mommy is with you, she will take the towel, now mommy is with you, she will take the towel, who is the towel thief in the house, who is the towel thief in the house, who is the towel thief in the house, now the chappal thief, the towel thief, now the chappal thief, the towel thief, now the chappal thief, the towel thief, all the thieves are mine, no all the thieves are mine, no all the thieves are mine, no problem, let's make a wardrobe with one towel problem, let's make a wardrobe with one towel problem, let's make a wardrobe with one towel upstairs, yes because upstairs, yes because upstairs, yes because my towels are always in stock, give it to me, give it to me, always in stock, always in my towels are always in stock, give it to me, give it to me, always in stock, always in stock, stock, stock, wow bro, for wow bro, for wow bro, for dinner, today I made chole bhature, dinner, today I made chole bhature, dinner, today I made chole bhature, brother, sometimes it's okay, friend, once a while, brother, sometimes it's okay, friend, once a while, brother, sometimes it's okay, friend, once a while, look, the flour for chole and bhature is ready, look, the flour for chole and bhature is ready, look, the flour for chole and bhature is ready, look, because nowadays we have started cooking videos on ss  I have done it, so look, because nowadays we have started cooking videos on ss  I have done it, so look, because nowadays we have started cooking videos on ss  I have done it, so today I today I today I thought that by doing good and asking questions, two things will be accomplished in one direction.  Isn't it thought that by doing good and asking questions, two things will be accomplished in one direction.  Isn't it thought that by doing good and asking questions, two things will be accomplished in one direction.  Isn't it ?  The family members are happy and you all are ?  The family members are happy and you all are ?  The family members are happy and you all are also happy.  You're about to get the recipe.  So also happy.  You're about to get the recipe.  So also happy.  You're about to get the recipe.  So tell me quickly in the comments who all tell me quickly in the comments who all tell me quickly in the comments who all like Chole Bhature.  And do try my recipe. like Chole Bhature.  And do try my recipe. like Chole Bhature.  And do try my recipe. Come quickly now.  And here is Come quickly now.  And here is Come quickly now.  And here is Malan sahab enjoying chole bhature.  Your Malan sahab enjoying chole bhature.  Your Malan sahab enjoying chole bhature.  Your heart must be happy today.  Isn't it?  Isn't it great heart must be happy today.  Isn't it?  Isn't it great heart must be happy today.  Isn't it?  Isn't it great ? ? ? Chole Bhature and that too is your Chole Bhature and that too is your Chole Bhature and that too is your favourite anyway.  Had fun?  Ok.   After favourite anyway.  Had fun?  Ok.   After favourite anyway.  Had fun?  Ok.   After eating Bhature she said that she is still not satisfied.  I feel like it.   I am eating Bhature she said that she is still not satisfied.  I feel like it.   I am saying he is doing a lot.  [laughter] But neither did I saying he is doing a lot.  [laughter] But neither did I saying he is doing a lot.  [laughter] But neither did I buy it from the night market nor was it a bit heavy.  That's why buy it from the night market nor was it a bit heavy.  That's why buy it from the night market nor was it a bit heavy.  That's why I said no, I eat less. I said no, I eat less. I said no, I eat less. So when the kids wake up, I will eat half of it with them. So when the kids wake up, I will eat half of it with them. So when the kids wake up, I will eat half of it with them. Double shifts will be started again.  Second shift. Double shifts will be started again.  Second shift. Double shifts will be started again.  Second shift. Taste. Taste. Taste. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Sir has approved it.  He liked it very much. Sir has approved it.  He liked it very much. Sir has approved it.  He liked it very much. Now, when children come, we Now, when children come, we Now, when children come, we take their reviews also. take their reviews also. take their reviews also. Look how the flowers are made today. Look how the flowers are made today. Look how the flowers are made today. Abhishek has just come, I am making it for him. Abhishek has just come, I am making it for him. Abhishek has just come, I am making it for him. So let's review that too. So let's review that too. So let's review that too. Next contender is the guy who eats chole bhature.   It's Next contender is the guy who eats chole bhature.   It's Next contender is the guy who eats chole bhature.   It's Sunday.  Sunday Diver's Achievement.   Yes. Sunday.  Sunday Diver's Achievement.   Yes. Sunday.  Sunday Diver's Achievement.   Yes. Today the diet went to hell.  We will have Chole Bhature today. Today the diet went to hell.  We will have Chole Bhature today. Today the diet went to hell.  We will have Chole Bhature today. Rest day, man. Rest day, man. Rest day, man. Sunday to Sunday rest day. Sunday to Sunday rest day. Sunday to Sunday rest day. Drink Bhature Lassi.   Do you have Drink Bhature Lassi.   Do you have Drink Bhature Lassi.   Do you have lassi too?   Yes. lassi too?   Yes. lassi too?   Yes. Oh brother. Oh brother. Oh brother. Lassi will also be made. Lassi will also be made. Lassi will also be made. So why did I get up? So why did I get up? So why did I get up? Eat and drink sweet lassi.  Sorry. Eat and drink sweet lassi.  Sorry. Eat and drink sweet lassi.  Sorry. Eat sweet lassi. Eat sweet lassi. Eat sweet lassi. Would you like some sweet lassi? Would you like some sweet lassi? Would you like some sweet lassi? Will eat sweet lassi.  Will drink chole bhature. Will eat sweet lassi.  Will drink chole bhature. Will eat sweet lassi.  Will drink chole bhature. First you tell me the test. First you tell me the test. First you tell me the test. The taste is delicious, my Bhatura came in such a The taste is delicious, my Bhatura came in such a big shape that I really big shape that I really big shape that I really enjoyed it. enjoyed it. enjoyed it. Well, I didn't think he would eat it.  What he had to do Well, I didn't think he would eat it.  What he had to do Well, I didn't think he would eat it.  What he had to do today was make a shake, there was nothing else today was make a shake, there was nothing else today was make a shake, there was nothing else in his diet.  [laughter] in his diet.  [laughter] in his diet.  [laughter] Six days diet, one day Six days diet, one day Six days diet, one day yes.  It must happen one day.  That's why yes.  It must happen one day.  That's why yes.  It must happen one day.  That's why I made it. I made it. I made it. A Few Moments Later.   Take it A Few Moments Later.   Take it A Few Moments Later.   Take it brother.  Wow, come on.  Wow wow wow, brother.  Wow, come on.  Wow wow wow, brother.  Wow, come on.  Wow wow wow, you you you dad is bringing it straight from the market. dad is bringing it straight from the market. dad is bringing it straight from the market. No, these are made at home.  The markets are No, these are made at home.  The markets are No, these are made at home.  The markets are not looking so pretty.  did you eat it? not looking so pretty.  did you eat it? not looking so pretty.  did you eat it? We have eaten this too. We have eaten this too. We have eaten this too. I said if you haven't eaten then come and let's have a fight.   Is it I said if you haven't eaten then come and let's have a fight.   Is it your cheat day today? your cheat day today? your cheat day today? Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Hey, every day is cheat day.  Otherwise, every day when I Hey, every day is cheat day.  Otherwise, every day when I Hey, every day is cheat day.  Otherwise, every day when I see him, he is drinking Coke. see him, he is drinking Coke. see him, he is drinking Coke. What is Coke Zero?  Brother, it is just a What is Coke Zero?  Brother, it is just a What is Coke Zero?  Brother, it is just a matter of saying that Coke Zero has zero matter of saying that Coke Zero has zero matter of saying that Coke Zero has zero sugar.  It is not that those who do proper dieting give up sugar.  It is not that those who do proper dieting give up sugar.  It is not that those who do proper dieting give up everything.  They even release air. everything.  They even release air. Good air lock. Good air lock. Good air lock. Air and water are all shut off.  Drinking water also causes Air and water are all shut off.  Drinking water also causes Air and water are all shut off.  Drinking water also causes bloating in the body.  Nothing bloating in the body.  Nothing bloating in the body.  Nothing funny.  Let's do a taste test of Chole Bhature friends. funny.  Let's do a taste test of Chole Bhature friends. Every time Chole Bhature is made, its level gets Every time Chole Bhature is made, its level gets Every time Chole Bhature is made, its level gets up.  Hey, what happened to you?   It's up.  Hey, what happened to you?   It's up.  Hey, what happened to you?   It's true.  Done. true.  Done. true.  Done. [laughs] such a [laughs] such a [laughs] such a taste oh hey hey hey taste oh hey hey hey taste oh hey hey hey go and tell mom there go and tell mom there go and tell mom there one second brother take one more brother one second brother take one more brother one second brother take one more brother where are we that in hand where are we that in hand where are we that in hand [nasal sound] you have done this craftsmanship [nasal sound] you have done this craftsmanship [nasal sound] you have done this craftsmanship oh wow wow wow [laughs] oh wow wow wow [laughs] oh wow wow wow [laughs] you have also done it I have cut the onion [laughs] also done it I have cut the onion [laughs] also done it I have cut the onion [laughs] Papa's second shift has started Papa's second shift has started Papa's second shift has started [laughs] what did papa do, [laughs] what did papa do, [laughs] what did papa do, cut the cut the cut the onion, which onion did you cut onion, which onion did you cut onion, which onion did you cut in the dream [laughs] in the dream [laughs] in the dream [laughs] today mom gave a genuine today mom gave a genuine today mom gave a genuine pick. pick. pick. The market chole bhature vine is over now brother. The market chole bhature vine is over now brother. The market chole bhature vine is over now brother. Okay, I am Okay, I am Okay, I am made differently.  Isn't it?   Yes, that's why he has got his made differently.  Isn't it?   Yes, that's why he has got his made differently.  Isn't it?   Yes, that's why he has got his second shift. second shift. second shift. [laughter] They were [laughter] They were [laughter] They were serving for drunkenness.  Papa then says, I will serving for drunkenness.  Papa then says, I will serving for drunkenness.  Papa then says, I will put a plate for myself too.  [laughs] put a plate for myself too.  [laughs] put a plate for myself too.  [laughs] There's this texture that's coming in. There's this texture that's coming in. There's this texture that's coming in. Yes.  The net that is made in Bhatura is Yes.  The net that is made in Bhatura is Yes.  The net that is made in Bhatura is very good.  very nice.  It has cooled down.   The very good.  very nice.  It has cooled down.   The Spiderman one.   To Spiderman one.   To Spiderman one.   To me. me. me. Hey, I am making it.  I am not eating. Hey, I am making it.  I am not eating. I even like the cold. I even like the cold. I even like the cold. You have a plate lying there.  Did you forget You have a plate lying there.  Did you forget You have a plate lying there.  Did you forget ?   I swear to my ?   I swear to my ?   I swear to my mother, I felt like a messenger. mother, I felt like a messenger. mother, I felt like a messenger. Whatever it means, it does Whatever it means, it does Whatever it means, it does not mean premonition, it is from not mean premonition, it is from not mean premonition, it is from before.   Please before.   Please before.   Please describe what is the word and describe what is the word and describe what is the word and what is the ambassador? what is the ambassador? what is the ambassador? Meaning, that feeling does not happen like that. Meaning, that feeling does not happen like that. Meaning, that feeling does not happen like that. That one happened. That one happened. That one happened. Yes, we understand. Yes, we understand. Yes, we understand. We understand.  [laughs] We understand.  [laughs] We understand.  [laughs] Pure words, Pure words, Pure words, now Ruchika ji will give the test review.   I want to now Ruchika ji will give the test review.   I want to now Ruchika ji will give the test review.   I want to eat Bhatura Bhatu. eat Bhatura Bhatu. eat Bhatura Bhatu. Not a very big Bhatura.   A Not a very big Bhatura.   A Not a very big Bhatura.   A little too big brother. little too big brother. little too big brother. Mummy loves me the most. Mummy loves me the most. Mummy loves me the most. That's why I have been given the biggest Bhatura.   wow wow wow. That's why I have been given the biggest Bhatura.   wow wow wow. That's why I have been given the biggest Bhatura.   wow wow wow. Taste it and tell me how you like it.   I feel like Taste it and tell me how you like it.   I feel like Taste it and tell me how you like it.   I feel like eating one too. eating one too. eating one too. Papa has applied it. Papa has applied it. Papa has applied it. You can also put the second plate. You can also put the second plate. You can also put the second plate. Aprahim.   wow wow wow. Aprahim.   wow wow wow. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Plato. Plato. Plato. Plato.   The Plato.   The Plato.   The incredibly unique Ag incredibly unique Ag incredibly unique Ag Papa's third round is about to begin.   The Papa's third round is about to begin.   The Papa's third round is about to begin.   The second round is going on here.   Stop it second round is going on here.   Stop it second round is going on here.   Stop it brother. brother. brother. I only ate two in the morning.   The I only ate two in the morning.   The I only ate two in the morning.   The chole are finished here.  Look at this chole are finished here.  Look at this chole are finished here.  Look at this and Nish is shouting another round.  Mom is and Nish is shouting another round.  Mom is and Nish is shouting another round.  Mom is taking out every drop of the chole like this. taking out every drop of the chole like this. taking out every drop of the chole like this. The paste should not go away, right?  The The paste should not go away, right?  The The paste should not go away, right?  The whole curry is finished with so much flavour.  So now I whole curry is finished with so much flavour.  So now I whole curry is finished with so much flavour.  So now I mean, I know the main test that happens in it.  To be honest, that's why mean, I know the main test that happens in it.  To be honest, that's why mean, I know the main test that happens in it.  To be honest, that's why I said I said I said I want to take this test myself.  [laughter] I want to take this test myself.  [laughter] I want to take this test myself.  [laughter] Papa has sat down on his throne.  I am waiting.   They Papa has sat down on his throne.  I am waiting.   They Papa has sat down on his throne.  I am waiting.   They must be finished.  Now let me tell you.  Is over. must be finished.  Now let me tell you.  Is over. must be finished.  Now let me tell you.  Is over. This is the final round.  Papa, it's over now. This is the final round.  Papa, it's over now. Now brother, bring one more to digest this. Now brother, bring one more to digest this. Now brother, bring one more to digest this. Tea? Tea? Tea? Yes, Yes, Yes, no, bullet. no, bullet. no, bullet. Asafoetida tablet is correct.  Asafoetida tablets will also be Asafoetida tablet is correct.  Asafoetida tablets will also be Asafoetida tablet is correct.  Asafoetida tablets will also be needed.  Looks like my third round has needed.  Looks like my third round has needed.  Looks like my third round has started. started. started. No one enjoys. No one enjoys. No one enjoys. So guys, here's a real hot prank.   The So guys, here's a real hot prank.   The So guys, here's a real hot prank.   The video has come on Fukra Insaan channel video has come on Fukra Insaan channel video has come on Fukra Insaan channel after 14-15 days.  Now I am trying to get regular videos. after 14-15 days.  Now I am trying to get regular videos. after 14-15 days.  Now I am trying to get regular videos. But in this video, brother, he was But in this video, brother, he was But in this video, brother, he was waiting outside.  They were watching that the waiting outside.  They were watching that the waiting outside.  They were watching that the police should not come.  Nitish and I were police should not come.  Nitish and I were police should not come.  Nitish and I were sitting outside in the car with the window down.  It was the rainy sitting outside in the car with the window down.  It was the rainy sitting outside in the car with the window down.  It was the rainy season.  There was a loud shout twice season.  There was a loud shout twice season.  There was a loud shout twice not much had been planted with him. not much had been planted with him. Papa, pause on this frame for a second.  One Papa, pause on this frame for a second.  One Papa, pause on this frame for a second.  One was this blue ghost and the other was a was this blue ghost and the other was a was this blue ghost and the other was a white skeleton one.  The one about mom, I actually took it out when it was white skeleton one.  The one about mom, I actually took it out when it was white skeleton one.  The one about mom, I actually took it out when it was dark. dark. dark. I was scared. I was scared. I was scared. You were the one who screamed first.  Is anyone there?  There is someone. You were the one who screamed first.  Is anyone there?  There is someone. You were the one who screamed first.  Is anyone there?  There is someone. I knew it was a prank.  But I was I knew it was a prank.  But I was I knew it was a prank.  But I was scaring him.  But actually we do scaring him.  But actually we do scaring him.  But actually we do n't do fake pranks or detective style ones. n't do fake pranks or detective style ones. n't do fake pranks or detective style ones. We are doing it for real, so take the detective, We are doing it for real, so take the detective, he had no idea at all he had no idea at all he had no idea at all Abandon Factory friend, we knew about pranking you, Abandon Factory friend, we knew about pranking you, Abandon Factory friend, we knew about pranking you, Simopi knew and had told him that he does Simopi knew and had told him that he does Simopi knew and had told him that he does n't know anywhere, he is just very crazy friend, go and n't know anywhere, he is just very crazy friend, go and n't know anywhere, he is just very crazy friend, go and watch the video in the link description, you will enjoy it watch the video in the link description, you will enjoy it watch the video in the link description, you will enjoy it friend, how did you like the crazy videos dad, friend, how did you like the crazy videos dad, friend, how did you like the crazy videos dad, ultimate is very good, that mummy's ghost is ultimate is very good, that mummy's ghost is ultimate is very good, that mummy's ghost is really scary, very scary in everything, hey really scary, very scary in everything, hey really scary, very scary in everything, hey friend, there are friend, there are friend, there are bhaturas, they will come bhaturas, they will come bhaturas, they will come out, out, out, yes bhaturas will come out, yes bhaturas will come out, yes bhaturas will come out, bhaturas are the match, let's go and bhaturas are the match, let's go and play the match, play the match, play the match, hey match I am hey match I am hey match I am saying saying saying cricket, cricket, cricket, yes that's what I am saying, today he said that he will yes that's what I am saying, today he said that he will yes that's what I am saying, today he said that he will not go, he will stay with us, you take him not go, he will stay with us, you take him not go, he will stay with us, you take him again, again, again, he called me, I was not going to go, I he called me, I was not going to go, I he called me, I was not going to go, I ate too much, now I will have to burn calories, I want to give a ate too much, now I will have to burn calories, I want to give a fake gift, right, just as soon as fake gift, right, just as soon as fake gift, right, just as soon as Shubham comes, you run away, Shubham comes, you run away, Shubham comes, you run away, two hours later the two hours later the two hours later the bhaturas are digested, oh bhaturas are digested, oh bhaturas are digested, oh all the bhaturas are digested, if you eat more then it all the bhaturas are digested, if you eat more then it all the bhaturas are digested, if you eat more then it seems that more bhaturas are needed [laughs] seems that more bhaturas are needed [laughs] seems that more bhaturas are needed [laughs] now the energy is down, now the energy is down, now the energy is down, now the energy is finished, someone came and took this from us today, he took this from now the energy is finished, someone came and took this from us today, he took this from now the energy is finished, someone came and took this from us today, he took this from you forcibly  He you forcibly  He you forcibly  He went today and he puts my name on it. went today and he puts my name on it. went today and he puts my name on it. What a useless team, brother. What a useless team, brother. What a useless team, brother. Let's have a Let's have a Let's have a useless team. useless team. useless team. Today he is upset. Today he is upset. Today he is upset. Why?   He did Why?   He did Why?   He did not get any wicket today.  I not get any wicket today.  I not get any wicket today.  I hit 50 today.  They had to chase a target of 210 runs for 49 runs.   That hit 50 today.  They had to chase a target of 210 runs for 49 runs.   That hit 50 today.  They had to chase a target of 210 runs for 49 runs.   That means I had won the match and I had won it for means I had won the match and I had won it for means I had won the match and I had won it for our team which was actually not our team. our team which was actually not our team. our team which was actually not our team. We went to play against someone else's team. We went to play against someone else's team. We went to play against someone else's team. He had called us.  So we left. He had called us.  So we left. He had called us.  So we left. So I told them to make So I told them to make So I told them to make Shubham face their main batsman.   He will take the Shubham face their main batsman.   He will take the Shubham face their main batsman.   He will take the wicket.  And the next one is a great baller. wicket.  And the next one is a great baller. wicket.  And the next one is a great baller. This made him bounce his catch three times.  Three times one two three This made him bounce his catch three times.  Three times one two three This made him bounce his catch three times.  Three times one two three and left it all three times. and left it all three times. and left it all three times. Who broke it?   There were Who broke it?   There were Who broke it?   There were players from his team. players from his team. players from his team. Yes.  So he is a little upset.  Then he is saying that Yes.  So he is a little upset.  Then he is saying that Yes.  So he is a little upset.  Then he is saying that these days [nasal voice] these days [nasal voice] these days [nasal voice] I will not go out brother.  I don't enjoy it.   Oh no, it's I will not go out brother.  I don't enjoy it.   Oh no, it's I will not go out brother.  I don't enjoy it.   Oh no, it's no fun, brother.  That's a lot of calories. no fun, brother.  That's a lot of calories. no fun, brother.  That's a lot of calories. Playing useless daily matches. Playing useless daily matches. Playing useless daily matches. So Daily Match Game is a Nitish Bhai's team. So Daily Match Game is a Nitish Bhai's team. So Daily Match Game is a Nitish Bhai's team. We play some teams. We play some teams. We play some teams. Which friend did I make in Gurgaon?  Why is there a match there Which friend did I make in Gurgaon?  Why is there a match there Which friend did I make in Gurgaon?  Why is there a match there today? today? today? Dude, I have to burn calories.  I enjoy it myself. Dude, I have to burn calories.  I enjoy it myself. Cricket is played to burn calories.   I am Cricket is played to burn calories.   I am batting with my brother tomorrow. batting with my brother tomorrow. batting with my brother tomorrow. Tell me, I am fielding in his place.  [laughter] That happened only Tell me, I am fielding in his place.  [laughter] That happened only Tell me, I am fielding in his place.  [laughter] That happened only once.  I didn't feel like it yesterday.  Oye once.  I didn't feel like it yesterday.  Oye once.  I didn't feel like it yesterday.  Oye I was also engaged in fielding. I was also engaged in fielding. I was also engaged in fielding. Sometimes it happens that I was batting batting. Sometimes it happens that I was batting batting. Sometimes it happens that I was batting batting. This is called fielding. This is called fielding. This is called fielding. You are a bowler, right? You are a bowler, right? You are a bowler, right? This is coach sir. This is coach sir. This is coach sir. Now there is no coach left.   The Now there is no coach left.   The Now there is no coach left.   The player is player is player is telling the coach, brother, a lot of calories get burnt.  I am telling the coach, brother, a lot of calories get burnt.  I am telling the coach, brother, a lot of calories get burnt.  I am losing a lot of weight.  I losing a lot of weight.  I losing a lot of weight.  I said I want it. said I want it. said I want it. Oh, this is happening too much to me. Oh, this is happening too much to me. Oh, this is happening too much to me. You have had too much. You have had too much. You have had too much. Hey, why don't you come after eating these Bhature in the morning? Hey, why don't you come after eating these Bhature in the morning? Hey, why don't you come after eating these Bhature in the morning? Mom feeds us these Bhaturas Mom feeds us these Bhaturas Mom feeds us these Bhaturas every morning.  Aunty, please feed me potato parathas. every morning.  Aunty, please feed me potato parathas. every morning.  Aunty, please feed me potato parathas. No, one day he went on a cheat diet.  Now many No, one day he went on a cheat diet.  Now many No, one day he went on a cheat diet.  Now many comments were coming that Aunty Vogue is not coming. comments were coming that Aunty Vogue is not coming. comments were coming that Aunty Vogue is not coming. Vogue is not coming.  So let me tell you Vogue is not coming.  So let me tell you Vogue is not coming.  So let me tell you that everyone in the house was feeling a little unwell. that everyone in the house was feeling a little unwell. that everyone in the house was feeling a little unwell. Someone has cold and cough.  I had already Someone has cold and cough.  I had already Someone has cold and cough.  I had already told you that there were a lot of mosquitoes in our house. told you that there were a lot of mosquitoes in our house. told you that there were a lot of mosquitoes in our house. She had it sprayed. She had it sprayed. She had it sprayed. Everyone started coughing due to the smell of the spray.  Everyone had a cold. Everyone started coughing due to the smell of the spray.  Everyone had a cold. Everyone started coughing due to the smell of the spray.  Everyone had a cold. So that's why the vlogs were not So that's why the vlogs were not So that's why the vlogs were not coming for so many days.  Just enjoy this blog. coming for so many days.  Just enjoy this blog. coming for so many days.  Just enjoy this blog. I hope regular vlogs will come again. I hope regular vlogs will come again. I hope regular vlogs will come again. My daily routine is complete.  See you again tomorrow My daily routine is complete.  See you again tomorrow My daily routine is complete.  See you again tomorrow in the next blog.  One more thing, Chole Bhature were in the next blog.  One more thing, Chole Bhature were in the next blog.  One more thing, Chole Bhature were very tasty.  If very tasty.  If very tasty.  If [sound of clearing throat] you [sound of clearing throat] you [sound of clearing throat] you want the recipe then do mention Chole Bhature recipe in the comments. want the recipe then do mention Chole Bhature recipe in the comments. want the recipe then do mention Chole Bhature recipe in the comments. Then I will put it.  Bye-by Then I will put it.  Bye-by Then I will put it.  Bye-by good night. good night. good night. I might die at your [music] laughter. I might die at your [music] laughter. I might die at your [music] laughter. your mother