So hey guys, today I'm coming with a new blog So hey guys, today I'm coming with a new blog So hey guys, today I'm coming with a new blog which is my birthday special. which is my birthday special. which is my birthday special. First of all, I cooked hilsa fish and First of all, I cooked hilsa fish and First of all, I cooked hilsa fish and banned fish, so I didn't wake up early today. I didn't wake up early today. I didn't wake up early today. I was awakened by the sound of my I was awakened by the sound of my I was awakened by the sound of my mother's puja and the sound of the wind chimes. mother's puja and the sound of the wind chimes. mother's puja and the sound of the wind chimes. I fell asleep again.  [Screaming] I fell asleep again.  [Screaming] I fell asleep again.  [Screaming] I woke up again to the smell of fried plantains and fried eggplant. I woke up again to the smell of fried plantains and fried eggplant. It's so late now, but the alarm hasn't even rung yet. It's so late now, but the alarm hasn't even rung yet. It's so late now, but the alarm hasn't even rung yet. And here And here And here I smelled the already fried potatoes and fried eggplant [loud laughter]. I smelled the already fried potatoes and fried eggplant [loud laughter]. I smelled the already fried potatoes and fried eggplant [loud laughter]. Everything is almost half cooked.   Give me some Everything is almost half cooked.   Give me some Everything is almost half cooked.   Give me some potatoes and I'll eat them.  My grandfather said potatoes and I'll eat them.  My grandfather said potatoes and I'll eat them.  My grandfather said in every blog, I will show you in this blog too, whether I am in every blog, I will show you in this blog too, whether I am in every blog, I will show you in this blog too, whether I am playing games or not. I said it 100 times. Okay, said it 100 times. Okay, said it 100 times. Okay, Kanbe Kanbe Kanbe said it 100 times. Go to the gym. He said it 100 times. Go to the gym. He said it 100 times. Go to the gym. He said it was my sister's said it was my sister's said it was my sister's birthday. I will go to the gym. birthday. I will go to the gym. birthday. I will go to the gym. Grandpa, do you feel good wearing glasses? Grandpa, do you feel good wearing glasses? Grandpa, do you feel good wearing glasses? Today, I went to the gym. Maybe I feel Today, I went to the gym. Maybe I feel Today, I went to the gym. Maybe I feel good wearing glasses. Do you good wearing glasses. Do you good wearing glasses. Do you think it's worth it? think it's worth it? think it's worth it? Just to make calls so that I can make more Just to make calls so that I can make more Just to make calls so that I can make more calls. My eyes are not bad. calls. My eyes are not bad. calls. My eyes are not bad. [Loud laughter] Maybe Alexa Alexa Alexa plays Cocolo. plays Cocolo. plays Cocolo. [Music] There is an advantage on birthdays. You know, do whatever you an advantage on birthdays. You know, do whatever you an advantage on birthdays. You know, do whatever you want. No one will tell you anything. You will want. No one will tell you anything. You will want. No one will tell you anything. You will endure this day for a while. [Screaming] endure this day for a while. [Screaming] endure this day for a while. [Screaming] And I won't bother everyone. Let's take a And I won't bother everyone. Let's take a And I won't bother everyone. Let's take a bath now and put on some new clothes. Okay, bath now and put on some new clothes. Okay, bath now and put on some new clothes. Okay, I took a bath and came out. Abhishek bought me this dress. I took a bath and came out. Abhishek bought me this dress. I took a bath and came out. Abhishek bought me this dress. One day, I thought, it would be One day, I thought, it would be One day, I thought, it would be better if I didn't wear it on my birthday. Is the new better if I didn't wear it on my birthday. Is the new better if I didn't wear it on my birthday. Is the new dress making my face water? [Loud laughter] So let's have dress making my face water? [Loud laughter] So let's have dress making my face water? [Loud laughter] So let's have breakfast now. To be honest, normally breakfast now. To be honest, normally breakfast now. To be honest, normally I don't have breakfast for 20 days out of 30 days. I don't have breakfast for 20 days out of 30 days. I don't have breakfast for 20 days out of 30 days. But my birthday is before.  I will do everything, I will But my birthday is before.  I will do everything, I will But my birthday is before.  I will do everything, I will do everything, starting from eating and drinking, let's go do everything, starting from eating and drinking, let's go do everything, starting from eating and drinking, let's go eat now, okay, my morning eat now, okay, my morning eat now, okay, my morning breakfast is coming and going [Music] Today I am having breakfast is coming and going [Music] Today I am having breakfast is coming and going [Music] Today I am having breakfast, today I am having luchi and potato dum, breakfast, today I am having luchi and potato dum, breakfast, today I am having luchi and potato dum, mom said to sit at the dining table, but I mom said to sit at the dining table, but I mom said to sit at the dining table, but I said no, I will sit here and eat for a while, said no, I will sit here and eat for a while, said no, I will sit here and eat for a while, believe me, I love eating luchi, it has become heavy, I have seen it I have seen it I have seen it Hi, where did you go, matchy, matchy, it Hi, where did you go, matchy, matchy, it feels good, it feels better than my birthday, it's feels good, it feels better than my birthday, it's feels good, it feels better than my birthday, it's all in the bag, just go, it's chips, all in the bag, just go, it's chips, all in the bag, just go, it's chips, it's full of chips, there are chips all the way down, it's full of chips, there are chips all the way down, it's full of chips, there are chips all the way down, and it's all [Music] There's chocolate, whoa, thank you [Music] Thank you, thank you, welcome, welcome, happy birthday, thank you, whoa, thank you [Music] Thank you, thank you, welcome, welcome, happy birthday, thank you, whoa, thank you [Music] Thank you, thank you, welcome, welcome, happy birthday, thank you, why are you so dressed up, mother, why are you so dressed up, mother, why are you so dressed up, mother, what injustice, what injustice, what injustice, new pants, clothes, new watches, new ones, will you new pants, clothes, new watches, new ones, will you new pants, clothes, new watches, new ones, will you not read one, come and read one [Loud laughter] So I will go not read one, come and read one [Loud laughter] So I will go not read one, come and read one [Loud laughter] So I will go upstairs, upstairs, upstairs, and mom, why don't you read one, okay, this is the first time, and mom, why don't you read one, okay, this is the first time, and mom, why don't you read one, okay, this is the first time, I didn't ask you to do magic, photo  If you make your I didn't ask you to do magic, photo  If you make your I didn't ask you to do magic, photo  If you make your son-in-law happy, you can make a good curry. son-in-law happy, you can make a good curry. son-in-law happy, you can make a good curry. [Loud laughter] It's almost all cooked here almost all cooked here almost all cooked here and there's only one thing left. So, and there's only one thing left. So, and there's only one thing left. So, yes, there's only chicken left and it's being yes, there's only chicken left and it's being yes, there's only chicken left and it's being fried. It's getting late. It's not even fried. It's getting late. It's not even fried. It's getting late. It's not even 11 o'clock yet. 11 o'clock yet. 11 o'clock yet. You'll have to hurry. That's why I would have been there. Would You'll have to hurry. That's why I would have been there. Would You'll have to hurry. That's why I would have been there. Would n't it have been the end of it if n't it have been the end of it if n't it have been the end of it if you were alone? If I were with you were alone? If I were with you were alone? If I were with you, you would have done it in one go. I you, you would have done it in one go. I you, you would have done it in one go. I mean, we can't mean, we can't mean, we can't hurry.   He served hurry.   He served hurry.   He served tiffin in a brass plate for his son-in-law.   He is giving a gift.   Here you go, son-in-law. tiffin in a brass plate for his son-in-law.   He is giving a gift.   Here you go, son-in-law. tiffin in a brass plate for his son-in-law.   He is giving a gift.   Here you go, son-in-law. Oh, what a smile.   Thank you.  Thank you.   Thank you. Oh, what a smile.   Thank you.  Thank you.   Thank you. This grandfather matched with me today. This grandfather matched with me today. This grandfather matched with me today. What will you say now? What will you say now? What will you say now? What happened? What happened? What happened? So I'll call you, I'm also trying to call you now, trying to call you now, trying to call you now, what happened? Tell me, tell me, tell me, fly, tell me, aunty, if you what happened? Tell me, tell me, tell me, fly, tell me, aunty, if you say no, tell me, aunty, listen to me, just a say no, tell me, aunty, listen to me, just a say no, tell me, aunty, listen to me, just a little bit, little bit, little bit, how much did you ask for the phone? how much did you ask for the phone? how much did you ask for the phone? I saw him and beat him up the day before yesterday. I'll beat him up a lot the him up the day before yesterday. I'll beat him up a lot the him up the day before yesterday. I'll beat him up a lot the day before yesterday so that he can listen in bed and day before yesterday so that he can listen in bed and day before yesterday so that he can listen in bed and not do these things. I have to watch [ not do these things. I have to watch [ not do these things. I have to watch [ loud laughter] loud laughter] loud laughter] Continue, for my phone, so it's Continue, for my phone, so it's Continue, for my phone, so it's not addicted to looking at the phone. Okay, not addicted to looking at the phone. Okay, not addicted to looking at the phone. Okay, so addicted to making us reels, the camera will do it so addicted to making us reels, the camera will do it so addicted to making us reels, the camera will do it now [loud laughter] It's now [loud laughter] It's not asking for the phone to do that, to watch cartoons, to do these things. Happy not asking for the phone to do that, to watch cartoons, to do these things. Happy not asking for the phone to do that, to watch cartoons, to do these things. Happy birthday, thank you, I was birthday, thank you, I was birthday, thank you, I was waiting for you. Come on, come on, waiting for you. Come on, come on, waiting for you. Come on, come on, didi, where is Puchki and Khushi? didi, where is Puchki and Khushi? didi, where is Puchki and Khushi? Hey, that one is coming, it's at your mother's. Hey, that one is coming, it's at your mother's. Hey, that one is coming, it's at your mother's. This is your birthday gift.   Thank you. This is your birthday gift.   Thank you. This is your birthday gift.   Thank you. Hey, wait, I have a gift for you. Hey, wait, I have a gift for you. Hey, wait, I have a gift for you. I am bringing it.  Hey, it's I am bringing it.  Hey, it's I am bringing it.  Hey, it's your birthday.  The gift is for me again.  Why not? your birthday.  The gift is for me again.  Why not? your birthday.  The gift is for me again.  Why not? You've been saying for a long time that your You've been saying for a long time that your You've been saying for a long time that your skin is getting very rough.  I didn't know what to use. skin is getting very rough.  I didn't know what to use. skin is getting very rough.  I didn't know what to use. So I thought I'd So I thought I'd give you my favorite, the one I've been using for a long time.  Wait, I'm showing you.   Look, give you my favorite, the one I've been using for a long time.  Wait, I'm showing you.   Look, give you my favorite, the one I've been using for a long time.  Wait, I'm showing you.   Look, this is the Piyama Japanese this is the Piyama Japanese this is the Piyama Japanese Hokkaido Milkbar.  It contains real Hokkaido Milkbar.  It contains real Hokkaido Milkbar.  It contains real Japanese Hokkaido milk which keeps my skin Japanese Hokkaido milk which keeps my skin Japanese Hokkaido milk which keeps my skin very soft and moisturized.  So very soft and moisturized.  So very soft and moisturized.  So now I always have Japanese face in my shower. now I always have Japanese face in my shower. now I always have Japanese face in my shower. I love everything about it, starting from its fragrance.  Just I love everything about it, starting from its fragrance.  Just look at this creamy leather texture.  It literally look at this creamy leather texture.  It literally look at this creamy leather texture.  It literally melts on the skin.  After showering, the melts on the skin.  After showering, the melts on the skin.  After showering, the skin doesn't feel dry or tight at all.   I skin doesn't feel dry or tight at all.   I skin doesn't feel dry or tight at all.   I literally do literally do literally do n't want to get out of the shower when I use it.  It helps repair n't want to get out of the shower when I use it.  It helps repair n't want to get out of the shower when I use it.  It helps repair my skin barrier in just eight weeks. my skin barrier in just eight weeks. my skin barrier in just eight weeks. And Bicaz And Bicaz And Bicaz contains omega three and omega six fatty contains omega three and omega six fatty contains omega three and omega six fatty acids.  Which helps strengthen my skin barrier. acids.  Which helps strengthen my skin barrier. acids.  Which helps strengthen my skin barrier. Which makes my skin Which makes my skin Which makes my skin feel very healthy and nourished.  That's why I just feel very healthy and nourished.  That's why I just feel very healthy and nourished.  That's why I just loved my loved my loved my soft smooth skin after every city.  Seriously, how soft is your skin soft smooth skin after every city.  Seriously, how soft is your skin soft smooth skin after every city.  Seriously, how soft is your skin ?  Honestly, this is a great gift. ?  Honestly, this is a great gift. ?  Honestly, this is a great gift. I can't wait to use it. I can't wait to use it. I can't wait to use it. If this keeps my skin soft, If this keeps my skin soft, If this keeps my skin soft, I'll be able to sunbathe in Japan every day. I'll be able to sunbathe in Japan every day. I'll be able to sunbathe in Japan every day. Come on, there's one important task left. Come on, there's one important task left. Come on, there's one important task left. What is important?  Hey, it's your birthday What is important?  Hey, it's your birthday What is important?  Hey, it's your birthday celebration. How much food have I been given here, How much food have I been given here, How much food have I been given here, here, cooked hilsa fish, chicken, mustard paste? here, cooked hilsa fish, chicken, mustard paste? here, cooked hilsa fish, chicken, mustard paste? Yesterday, they were telling me that they would cover me completely with mustard. Yesterday, they were telling me that they would cover me completely with mustard. Yesterday, they were telling me that they would cover me completely with mustard. I saw that the other two were done. They didn't put I saw that the other two were done. They didn't put I saw that the other two were done. They didn't put too much mustard. too much mustard. too much mustard. This mango is okay. I gave the mango to everyone to This mango is okay. I gave the mango to everyone to This mango is okay. I gave the mango to everyone to decorate. I gave you decorate. I gave you decorate. I gave you your head because it looks good. your head because it looks good. your head because it looks good. I understood. I will eat it. Meanwhile, I have I understood. I will eat it. Meanwhile, I have I understood. I will eat it. Meanwhile, I have doubts. Sometimes, brother, doubts. Sometimes, brother, doubts. Sometimes, brother, you also like hilsa fish. Say thank you. I ask you to you also like hilsa fish. Say thank you. I ask you to you also like hilsa fish. Say thank you. I ask you to eat it for my birthday. eat it for my birthday. eat it for my birthday. I will say thank you. I I will say thank you. I I will say thank you. I like it too. We made it for my birthday. They do like it too. We made it for my birthday. They do like it too. We made it for my birthday. They do n't ban fish. I have liked it recently for two years. I n't ban fish. I have liked it recently for two years. I n't ban fish. I have liked it recently for two years. I mean, in these two years, mean, in these two years, mean, in these two years, before that, before that, before that, three types of food were cooked for the birthday of three brothers and sisters. three types of food were cooked for the birthday of three brothers and sisters. three types of food were cooked for the birthday of three brothers and sisters. That foreign child, That foreign child, That foreign child, mushroom, pakoli, salad, mushroom, pakoli, salad, mushroom, pakoli, salad, salad, handani, everything is done abroad for him. Now, he is getting salad, handani, everything is done abroad for him. Now, he is getting salad, handani, everything is done abroad for him. Now, he is getting some tension. It will become rice again. [Loud laughter] some tension. It will become rice again. [Loud laughter] some tension. It will become rice again. [Loud laughter] He is getting recent now. He doesn't like chicken. He He is getting recent now. He doesn't like chicken. He He is getting recent now. He doesn't like chicken. He likes the flavor of chicken. I mean, broth and likes the flavor of chicken. I mean, broth and likes the flavor of chicken. I mean, broth and meat. And this is a little Bengali food.  It's meat. And this is a little Bengali food.  It's meat. And this is a little Bengali food.  It's going to be vegetables, fish, rice Minutes, okay, so many Minutes, okay, so many Minutes, okay, so many clothes came for my birthday, clothes came for my birthday, clothes came for my birthday, this time I mean I was so busy with my birthday this year, it crossed this time I mean I was so busy with my birthday this year, it crossed this time I mean I was so busy with my birthday this year, it crossed my mind my mind my mind that I have a birthday, I mean that I have a birthday, I mean that I have a birthday, I mean my birthday is coming up. Literally last week my my birthday is coming up. Literally last week my my birthday is coming up. Literally last week my grandfather reminded me, we were grandfather reminded me, we were grandfather reminded me, we were planning something on Monday, everyone was saying no, you planning something on Monday, everyone was saying no, you planning something on Monday, everyone was saying no, you can't go on Monday, he can't go on Monday, he can't go on Monday, he said it's your birthday and it's my birthday again, then I said it's your birthday and it's my birthday again, then I said it's your birthday and it's my birthday again, then I remembered that well I have a birthday coming up. remembered that well I have a birthday coming up. remembered that well I have a birthday coming up. Then I got busy for two days again Then I got busy for two days again Then I got busy for two days again and forgot to order clothes. and forgot to order clothes. and forgot to order clothes. Then I Then I Then I ordered the men's clothes, but they didn't come. ordered the men's clothes, but they didn't come. ordered the men's clothes, but they didn't come. Since it was getting late, Since it was getting late, Since it was getting late, Trisha ordered a dress Trisha ordered a dress Trisha ordered a dress for me.  This means we thought we would for me.  This means we thought we would for me.  This means we thought we would get one of each.  He ordered this dress. get one of each.  He ordered this dress. get one of each.  He ordered this dress. This dress is okay.  This This dress is okay.  This This dress is okay.  This arrived today.  I mean, this dress arrived on my birthday. arrived today.  I mean, this dress arrived on my birthday. arrived today.  I mean, this dress arrived on my birthday. Since none of the clothes were delivered, my Since none of the clothes were delivered, my Since none of the clothes were delivered, my mother went last night and mother went last night and mother went last night and bought this dress for me. bought this dress for me. bought this dress for me. This time, the This time, the This time, the men's shirt I ordered didn't arrive.  I men's shirt I ordered didn't arrive.  I men's shirt I ordered didn't arrive.  I ordered another one as an emergency. ordered another one as an emergency. ordered another one as an emergency. That too has come.  That also arrived a little earlier today. That too has come.  That also arrived a little earlier today. That too has come.  That also arrived a little earlier today. Now I'm confused about Now I'm confused about Now I'm confused about which one I should read on my birthday.  I've already thought about my mother saying that which one I should read on my birthday.  I've already thought about my mother saying that which one I should read on my birthday.  I've already thought about my mother saying that if I don't read it now, I'll if I don't read it now, I'll if I don't read it now, I'll read it during the puja.  Let's see how it goes.   I read it during the puja.  Let's see how it goes.   I read it during the puja.  Let's see how it goes.   I hope it goes well. This is the tomato.  I ordered a slightly smaller size. This is the tomato.  I ordered a slightly smaller size. This is the tomato.  I ordered a slightly smaller size. Why does it look so big? Why does it look so big? Why does it look so big? So let's read a little and see which So let's read a little and see which So let's read a little and see which [music] sounds better.   I [music] sounds better.   I [music] sounds better.   I mean, honestly, it wasn't there or wasn't there?  It's now three o'clock. mean, honestly, it wasn't there or wasn't there?  It's now three o'clock. mean, honestly, it wasn't there or wasn't there?  It's now three o'clock. Confusion.  So I'll try a little trial and Confusion.  So I'll try a little trial and Confusion.  So I'll try a little trial and see which one feels better.  Now see which one feels better.  Now see which one feels better.  Now Abhijeet is insisting on me to Abhijeet is insisting on me to Abhijeet is insisting on me to go out with him.  What will he buy?  I don't know go out with him.  What will he buy?  I don't know go out with him.  What will he buy?  I don't know why.  I don't know.  I know.  Hey, if why.  I don't know.  I know.  Hey, if why.  I don't know.  I know.  Hey, if I were at home, it would be a problem to decorate. I were at home, it would be a problem to decorate. What's up?  [Loud laughter] What's up?  [Loud laughter] What's up?  [Loud laughter] What am I going to do if I don't understand?  Two hours later I am coming to give What am I going to do if I don't understand?  Two hours later I am coming to give What am I going to do if I don't understand?  Two hours later I am coming to give me mountains, I have me mountains, I have me mountains, I have brought you a little horse to give me mountains, brought you a little horse to give me mountains, brought you a little horse to give me mountains, I have come to the game zone, I I have come to the game zone, I I have come to the game zone, I will play a little game, I will go will play a little game, I will go will play a little game, I will go home again [Music] [ Music] Music] Music] 82 [Music] To come [ Music] [ Music] Sapane [Music Music] Sapane [Music ] Look at my heart, do ] Look at my heart, do ] Look at my heart, do you have a light,  Why have you been wandering around since morning? you have a light,  Why have you been wandering around since morning? you have a light,  Why have you been wandering around since morning? Why is Dima bad? Why is Dima bad? Why is Dima bad? Happy birthday to you Oh well, happy Happy birthday to you Oh well, happy Happy birthday to you Oh well, happy birthday [Loud laughter] birthday [Loud laughter] birthday [Loud laughter] You, happy birthday [Singing] You, happy birthday [Singing] You, happy birthday [Singing] Dear Priya, happy Dear Priya, happy Dear Priya, happy birthday to you [Singing] You, I'm working hard to size it myself, working hard to size it myself, working hard to size it myself, yes, I'm sizing it myself, with money, with yes, I'm sizing it myself, with money, with yes, I'm sizing it myself, with money, with money, it's Dimito who money, it's Dimito who money, it's Dimito who decorated it, Dimito, the decorator, decorated it, Dimito, the decorator, decorated it, Dimito, the decorator, how well it's decorated, let's see, it'll go away, yes, it'll go away. Happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, you know, I'm so scared. So many people have you know, I'm so scared. So many people have you know, I'm so scared. So many people have celebrated their birthdays. It's like a crack. celebrated their birthdays. It's like a crack. celebrated their birthdays. It's like a crack. Happy birthday, it's scared of us. Happy birthday, birthday, birthday, mom, come on, come on. [Music] Kill me, take my [Music] Kill me, take my [Music] Kill me, take my step, Jaha, Hide it so that you can't see it. I didn't get the gift. I was telling her today too, I took two, and since then two, and since then two, and since then I've been holding it, I mean [Loud laughter]  I I've been holding it, I mean [Loud laughter]  I I've been holding it, I mean [Loud laughter]  I can hold the gift, open it, see, okay, can hold the gift, open it, see, okay, can hold the gift, open it, see, okay, you don't know, I wanted to take it from you, it you don't know, I wanted to take it from you, it you don't know, I wanted to take it from you, it opens, it opens, that's why I'm opens, it opens, that's why I'm opens, it opens, that's why I'm saying I saying I saying I couldn't drink juice, hey, hey, hey, he has a couldn't drink juice, hey, hey, hey, he has a habit, he has a habit, habit, he has a habit, habit, he has a habit, I really like it, I don't know, I really like it, I don't know, I really like it, I don't know, secretly [loud laughter] How secretly [loud laughter] How secretly [loud laughter] How beautiful will it open like this, how beautiful will it open like this, how beautiful will it open like this, how beautiful, it's very beautiful, it's very beautiful, [loud laughter] It's very beautiful, it's very beautiful, I'm very beautiful, it's very beautiful, I'm very beautiful, it's very beautiful, I'm eating my birthday cake, I'll eat another thing, I'll show you, eating my birthday cake, I'll eat another thing, I'll show you, eating my birthday cake, I'll eat another thing, I'll show you, these are in the cake, can you eat it, can't you eat it, these are in the cake, can you eat it, can't you eat it, these are in the cake, can you eat it, can't you eat it, good, milky, good, milky, good, milky, very good, wow, no wow, no wow, no paper, I thought for a while, is the paper paper, I thought for a while, is the paper paper, I thought for a while, is the paper real, boss, real, boss, real, boss, they fell off, Joy, your choice, your choice, it was better they fell off, Joy, your choice, your choice, it was better before, now it's better before, now it's better before, now it's better [loud laughter] It was better [loud laughter] It was better [loud laughter] It was better before, because you're not working, before, because you're not working, before, because you're not working, my cake has been cut, everything is done, my cake has been cut, everything is done, my cake has been cut, everything is done, butt bag, this place is so good butt bag, this place is so good butt bag, this place is so good that I don't want to leave, I'll tell you that I don't want to leave, I'll tell you that I don't want to leave, I'll tell you thank you, thank you to thank you, thank you to thank you, thank you to everyone, thank you very much, thank you, thank you, thank you, oh, everyone, thank you very much, thank you, thank you, thank you, oh, everyone, thank you very much, thank you, thank you, thank you, oh, or did it fall off while I was putting it on and stick to or did it fall off while I was putting it on and stick to or did it fall off while I was putting it on and stick to his hand from above, his hand from above, his hand from above, especially with my red dress?  The theme is especially with my red dress?  The theme is especially with my red dress?  The theme is even better, it's better, I haven't even better, it's better, I haven't even better, it's better, I haven't read any pink dress [Screaming] Do [Screaming] Do [Screaming] Do you remember this, Tisha? I mean, it used to be like this you remember this, Tisha? I mean, it used to be like this you remember this, Tisha? I mean, it used to be like this whenever we did a blog, Tisha would whenever we did a blog, Tisha would whenever we did a blog, Tisha would release balloons like this and I would react like this release balloons like this and I would react like this release balloons like this and I would react like this Last time we went on a girls' trip, Last time we went on a girls' trip, Last time we went on a girls' trip, they surprised me, okay, they they surprised me, okay, they they surprised me, okay, they surprised me for Bright Tubi, surprised me for Bright Tubi, surprised me for Bright Tubi, obviously everyone knows that I'm getting obviously everyone knows that I'm getting obviously everyone knows that I'm getting married and everyone has thought that I have a married and everyone has thought that I have a married and everyone has thought that I have a birthday celebration, I birthday celebration, I birthday celebration, I mean, the video has over a million views, mean, the video has over a million views, mean, the video has over a million views, there's Happy Birthday, Happy Birthday, Happy Birthday, that was there's Happy Birthday, Happy Birthday, Happy Birthday, that was n't my Happy Birthday, this is my Birthday, okay, n't my Happy Birthday, this is my Birthday, okay, n't my Happy Birthday, this is my Birthday, okay, Abhijit, in the chocolates he brought for me in the morning, he was saying that there was a Abhijit, in the chocolates he brought for me in the morning, he was saying that there was a Abhijit, in the chocolates he brought for me in the morning, he was saying that there was a special special special chocolate, that's what I'm trying to find. chocolate, that's what I'm trying to find. chocolate, that's what I'm trying to find. Now look, Doraemon, Now look, Doraemon, Now look, Doraemon, it says Doraemon Toy Inside, Doraemon is inside, it says Doraemon Toy Inside, Doraemon is inside, Doraemon isn't a toy, so eat it. Doraemon isn't a toy, so eat it. Doraemon isn't a toy, so eat it. Okay, Okay, Okay, look, [shouting] What's wrong with Hariptar? [Music] Okay, now everyone is eating and I'm sitting here now everyone is eating and I'm sitting here now everyone is eating and I'm sitting here like a wedding cameraman with a camera in my hand. like a wedding cameraman with a camera in my hand. Everything is fine. The Everything is fine. The Everything is fine. The food and drink are all good. food and drink are all good. food and drink are all good. Didi, everything is fine. Today, I'm Didi, everything is fine. Today, I'm Didi, everything is fine. Today, I'm asking like a wedding menu. We're eating asking like a wedding menu. We're eating asking like a wedding menu. We're eating here. here. here. How was the food? [Loud laughter] You cooked well. Thank you for How was the food? [Loud laughter] You cooked well. Thank you for cooking so much. Thank you for cooking so much. Thank you for cooking so much. Thank you for cooking so much. You cooked so well. cooking so much. You cooked so well. cooking so much. You cooked so well. Tell me, you Tell me, you Tell me, you cooked so well. Grandma, I did it. I did it. I did it. Grandma, I did it. cooked so well. Grandma, I did it. I did it. I did it. Grandma, I did it. What do you do? What do you do? Whatever you do, the cooking is great. My birthday is the day before. This is the My birthday is the day before. This is the My birthday is the day before. This is the day after my birthday. And the day after my birthday. And the day after my birthday. And the decorations are still there. I went out a little bit decorations are still there. I went out a little bit decorations are still there. I went out a little bit because we had a shoot. And when I because we had a shoot. And when I because we had a shoot. And when I came out, I saw that it was still there.  So I came out, I saw that it was still there.  So I came out, I saw that it was still there.  So I thought I would unbox the birthday gifts I thought I would unbox the birthday gifts I thought I would unbox the birthday gifts I received in front of this decoration. received in front of this decoration. received in front of this decoration. So let me quickly So let me quickly So let me quickly show you what gifts I got.  So show you what gifts I got.  So show you what gifts I got.  So I probably saw this gift in a video the other day.  I I probably saw this gift in a video the other day.  I I probably saw this gift in a video the other day.  I really liked it.  Which is a cute really liked it.  Which is a cute really liked it.  Which is a cute thing. thing. thing. It opens again like this.   Is It opens again like this.   Is It opens again like this.   Is n't it beautiful?  It would be great to read it this way. n't it beautiful?  It would be great to read it this way. n't it beautiful?  It would be great to read it this way. Which gift should I open next?  I will open it. Which gift should I open next?  I will open it. Which gift should I open next?  I will open it. It has an iconic hair straightener. It has an iconic hair straightener. It has an iconic hair straightener. [Screaming] Okay. Which gift can be opened next?  So Which gift can be opened next?  So Which gift can be opened next?  So this gave me Abhijit.  Okay. this gave me Abhijit.  Okay. this gave me Abhijit.  Okay. I will open this to everyone's liking.  This time, this I will open this to everyone's liking.  This time, this I will open this to everyone's liking.  This time, this gift includes a perfume set. gift includes a perfume set. gift includes a perfume set. I will open this box now.  I had a little idea that I will open this box now.  I had a little idea that I will open this box now.  I had a little idea that I might get a hair straightener as a gift. I might get a hair straightener as a gift. I might get a hair straightener as a gift. I don't know what it is, but. I don't know what it is, but. I don't know what it is, but. There is a hairdryer. There is a hairdryer. There is a hairdryer. I'm not serious.  I I'm not serious.  I I'm not serious.  I wanted a hair dryer like this.  Because these hair wanted a hair dryer like this.  Because these hair wanted a hair dryer like this.  Because these hair dryers have two modes: one for cooling hair and dryers have two modes: one for cooling hair and dryers have two modes: one for cooling hair and one for hot hair.  So I do one for hot hair.  So I do one for hot hair.  So I do n't want my hair to get completely damaged. n't want my hair to get completely damaged. n't want my hair to get completely damaged. So I needed the cooling hair. So I needed the cooling hair. So I needed the cooling hair. But my hair dryers can only But my hair dryers can only But my hair dryers can only do hot hair.  Small hair do hot hair.  Small hair do hot hair.  Small hair dryers that are like this thank you.  Thank you. dryers that are like this thank you.  Thank you. dryers that are like this thank you.  Thank you. Next, I will watch it.  There are two gifts in this. Next, I will watch it.  There are two gifts in this. Next, I will watch it.  There are two gifts in this. One One One and this one.  [Screaming] Two.  So and this one.  [Screaming] Two.  So and this one.  [Screaming] Two.  So I'm starting with the smallest one. I'm starting with the smallest one. I'm starting with the smallest one. There is a fan.  That fan looks so cute.  All pink There is a fan.  That fan looks so cute.  All pink There is a fan.  That fan looks so cute.  All pink in color. What a beautiful sight.  Okay. What a beautiful sight.  Okay. What a beautiful sight.  Okay. Next, I'll unbox this. Next, I'll unbox this. Next, I'll unbox this. What a beautiful bag.   It's What a beautiful bag.   It's What a beautiful bag.   It's very beautiful.  Thank you for the bag. very beautiful.  Thank you for the bag. very beautiful.  Thank you for the bag. I got another bag.  Okay?   I'll I got another bag.  Okay?   I'll I got another bag.  Okay?   I'll show you that.  Is show you that.  Is show you that.  Is n't this bag beautiful?  I n't this bag beautiful?  I n't this bag beautiful?  I personally wanted to have a bag personally wanted to have a bag personally wanted to have a bag collection.  But I never collection.  But I never collection.  But I never buy a bag until one of my bags is buy a bag until one of my bags is buy a bag until one of my bags is too old to use.  I do too old to use.  I do too old to use.  I do n't change a bag until then.  But this n't change a bag until then.  But this n't change a bag until then.  But this year, I think I said I would make a bag year, I think I said I would make a bag year, I think I said I would make a bag collection.  It seems they heard it somehow. collection.  It seems they heard it somehow. collection.  It seems they heard it somehow. And how many bags did I get the most? And how many bags did I get the most? And how many bags did I get the most? A cute bag that A cute bag that A cute bag that goes with any outfit and it will be very convenient when I have to goes with any outfit and it will be very convenient when I have to goes with any outfit and it will be very convenient when I have to carry a lot of my things somewhere. To be carry a lot of my things somewhere. To be carry a lot of my things somewhere. To be honest, honest, honest, I forgot to tell him in the joy of opening all these gifts that I had to I forgot to tell him in the joy of opening all these gifts that I had to I forgot to tell him in the joy of opening all these gifts that I had to say who gave which gift. say who gave which gift. say who gave which gift. So I didn't have to say it, so So I didn't have to say it, so So I didn't have to say it, so I'll start with this bag. This I'll start with this bag. This I'll start with this bag. This bag was given to me by my grandfather's grandmother. bag was given to me by my grandfather's grandmother. bag was given to me by my grandfather's grandmother. They gave me another gift that is They gave me another gift that is They gave me another gift that is still on the road. They gave still on the road. They gave still on the road. They gave me a pair of glasses from a lens cart me a pair of glasses from a lens cart me a pair of glasses from a lens cart so that my so that my so that my eyes don't get tired when I use the phone at night.  And this eyes don't get tired when I use the phone at night.  And this eyes don't get tired when I use the phone at night.  And this fan from Bagda was given to me by Abiroop and fan from Bagda was given to me by Abiroop and fan from Bagda was given to me by Abiroop and Priyanka.  And this hair dryer Priyanka.  And this hair dryer Priyanka.  And this hair dryer and this hair straightener were given to and this hair straightener were given to and this hair straightener were given to me by my brother and Gungun.  This cute pendant was me by my brother and Gungun.  This cute pendant was me by my brother and Gungun.  This cute pendant was given to me by Jeet.  And this given to me by Jeet.  And this given to me by Jeet.  And this perfume was given to me by Swapnadeep.  So let's move on to perfume was given to me by Swapnadeep.  So let's move on to perfume was given to me by Swapnadeep.  So let's move on to unboxing the next gift.   I unboxing the next gift.   I hope you've seen this beautiful flower throughout the blog. hope you've seen this beautiful flower throughout the blog. hope you've seen this beautiful flower throughout the blog. These flowers were given to me. These flowers were given to me. These flowers were given to me. And he gave me so much more.  For example, And he gave me so much more.  For example, And he gave me so much more.  For example, this bag you see is this bag you see is this bag you see is full of chips.  And this bag is full of the full of chips.  And this bag is full of the full of chips.  And this bag is full of the chocolates I chocolates I chocolates I showed you.  And today we went to South City for showed you.  And today we went to South City for showed you.  And today we went to South City for my birthday. my birthday. my birthday. This doll also won by playing games from the game center there. This doll also won by playing games from the game center there. This doll also won by playing games from the game center there. And gave it to me too. And gave it to me too. And gave it to me too. Today means unboxing the last gift before last. Today means unboxing the last gift before last. Today means unboxing the last gift before last. I still don't understand though, this is where I still don't understand though, this is where I still don't understand though, this is where this will hang here, you can light up the photo here this will hang here, you can light up the photo here this will hang here, you can light up the photo here that means this is where the light will light up, this will that means this is where the light will light up, this will that means this is where the light will light up, this will hang here and here I hang here and here I hang here and here I can put the photo if I want, how beautiful it is on both sides, thank can put the photo if I want, how beautiful it is on both sides, thank can put the photo if I want, how beautiful it is on both sides, thank you, thank you, today is not the last, before this my sister you, thank you, today is not the last, before this my sister you, thank you, today is not the last, before this my sister gave me two chocolates, so gave me two chocolates, so gave me two chocolates, so I ate these two chocolates, I I ate these two chocolates, I I ate these two chocolates, I ate them yesterday, so sorry sister, ate them yesterday, so sorry sister, ate them yesterday, so sorry sister, I can't show you your chocolate here because there I can't show you your chocolate here because there I can't show you your chocolate here because there is chocolate inside my stomach [loud laughter] here is is chocolate inside my stomach [loud laughter] here is is chocolate inside my stomach [loud laughter] here is another chocolate that Abhijit another chocolate that Abhijit another chocolate that Abhijit gave me, and he also gave me this gift, gave me, and he also gave me this gift, gave me, and he also gave me this gift, so this year's birthday was really great so this year's birthday was really great so this year's birthday was really great and you all wished me a lot, and you all wished me a lot, and you all wished me a lot, but maybe it wasn't possible to reply to everyone, but maybe it wasn't possible to reply to everyone, but maybe it wasn't possible to reply to everyone, so thank so thank so thank you very much, let's see you like today, next is a you very much, let's see you like today, next is a you very much, let's see you like today, next is a challenge with the blog