So hey guys, today I'm coming with a new blog
which is my birthday special.
First of all, I cooked hilsa fish and
banned fish, so
I didn't wake up early today.
I was awakened by the sound of my
mother's puja and the sound of the wind chimes.
I fell asleep again. [Screaming]
I woke up again to the smell of fried plantains and fried eggplant.
It's so late now, but the alarm hasn't even rung yet.
And here
I smelled the already fried potatoes and fried eggplant [loud laughter].
Everything is almost half cooked. Give me some
potatoes and I'll eat them. My grandfather said
in every blog, I will show you in this blog too, whether I am
playing games or not. I
said it 100 times. Okay,
Kanbe
said it 100 times. Go to the gym. He
said it was my sister's
birthday. I will go to the gym.
Grandpa, do you feel good wearing glasses?
Today, I went to the gym. Maybe I feel
good wearing glasses. Do you
think it's worth it?
Just to make calls so that I can make more
calls. My eyes are not bad.
[Loud laughter] Maybe
Alexa
plays Cocolo.
[Music] There is
an advantage on birthdays. You know, do whatever you
want. No one will tell you anything. You will
endure this day for a while. [Screaming]
And I won't bother everyone. Let's take a
bath now and put on some new clothes. Okay,
I took a bath and came out. Abhishek bought me this dress.
One day, I thought, it would be
better if I didn't wear it on my birthday. Is the new
dress making my face water? [Loud laughter] So let's have
breakfast now. To be honest, normally
I don't have breakfast for 20 days out of 30 days.
But my birthday is before. I will do everything, I will
do everything, starting from eating and drinking, let's go
eat now, okay, my morning
breakfast is coming and going [Music] Today I am having
breakfast, today I am having luchi and potato dum,
mom said to sit at the dining table, but I
said no, I will sit here and eat for a while,
believe me, I love eating luchi, it has become heavy,
I have seen it
Hi, where did you go, matchy, matchy, it
feels good, it feels better than my birthday, it's
all in the bag, just go, it's chips,
it's full of chips, there are chips all the way down,
and it's all [Music] There's chocolate,
whoa, thank you [Music] Thank you, thank you, welcome, welcome, happy birthday, thank you,
why are you so dressed up, mother,
what injustice,
new pants, clothes, new watches, new ones, will you
not read one, come and read one [Loud laughter] So I will go
upstairs,
and mom, why don't you read one, okay, this is the first time,
I didn't ask you to do magic, photo If you make your
son-in-law happy, you can make a good curry.
[Loud laughter] It's
almost all cooked here
and there's only one thing left. So,
yes, there's only chicken left and it's being
fried. It's getting late. It's not even
11 o'clock yet.
You'll have to hurry. That's why I would have been there. Would
n't it have been the end of it if
you were alone? If I were with
you, you would have done it in one go. I
mean, we can't
hurry. He served
tiffin in a brass plate for his son-in-law. He is giving a gift. Here you go, son-in-law.
Oh, what a smile. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
This grandfather matched with me today.
What will you say now?
What happened?
So I'll call you, I'm also
trying to call you now,
what happened? Tell me, tell me, tell me, fly, tell me, aunty, if you
say no, tell me, aunty, listen to me, just a
little bit,
how much did you ask for the phone?
I saw him and beat
him up the day before yesterday. I'll beat him up a lot the
day before yesterday so that he can listen in bed and
not do these things. I have to watch [
loud laughter]
Continue, for my phone, so it's
not addicted to looking at the phone. Okay,
so addicted to making us reels, the camera will do it
now [loud laughter] It's
not asking for the phone to do that, to watch cartoons, to do these things. Happy
birthday, thank you, I was
waiting for you. Come on, come on,
didi, where is Puchki and Khushi?
Hey, that one is coming, it's at your mother's.
This is your birthday gift. Thank you.
Hey, wait, I have a gift for you.
I am bringing it. Hey, it's
your birthday. The gift is for me again. Why not?
You've been saying for a long time that your
skin is getting very rough. I didn't know what to use.
So I thought I'd
give you my favorite, the one I've been using for a long time. Wait, I'm showing you. Look,
this is the Piyama Japanese
Hokkaido Milkbar. It contains real
Japanese Hokkaido milk which keeps my skin
very soft and moisturized. So
now I always have Japanese face in my shower.
I love everything about it, starting from its fragrance. Just
look at this creamy leather texture. It literally
melts on the skin. After showering, the
skin doesn't feel dry or tight at all. I
literally do
n't want to get out of the shower when I use it. It helps repair
my skin barrier in just eight weeks.
And Bicaz
contains omega three and omega six fatty
acids. Which helps strengthen my skin barrier.
Which makes my skin
feel very healthy and nourished. That's why I just
loved my
soft smooth skin after every city. Seriously, how soft is your skin
? Honestly, this is a great gift.
I can't wait to use it.
If this keeps my skin soft,
I'll be able to sunbathe in Japan every day.
Come on, there's one important task left.
What is important? Hey, it's your birthday
celebration.
How much food have I been given here,
here, cooked hilsa fish, chicken, mustard paste?
Yesterday, they were telling me that they would cover me completely with mustard.
I saw that the other two were done. They didn't put
too much mustard.
This mango is okay. I gave the mango to everyone to
decorate. I gave you
your head because it looks good.
I understood. I will eat it. Meanwhile, I have
doubts. Sometimes, brother,
you also like hilsa fish. Say thank you. I ask you to
eat it for my birthday.
I will say thank you. I
like it too. We made it for my birthday. They do
n't ban fish. I have liked it recently for two years. I
mean, in these two years,
before that,
three types of food were cooked for the birthday of three brothers and sisters.
That foreign child,
mushroom, pakoli, salad,
salad, handani, everything is done abroad for him. Now, he is getting
some tension. It will become rice again. [Loud laughter]
He is getting recent now. He doesn't like chicken. He
likes the flavor of chicken. I mean, broth and
meat. And this is a little Bengali food. It's
going to be vegetables, fish, rice
Minutes, okay, so many
clothes came for my birthday,
this time I mean I was so busy with my birthday this year, it crossed
my mind
that I have a birthday, I mean
my birthday is coming up. Literally last week my
grandfather reminded me, we were
planning something on Monday, everyone was saying no, you
can't go on Monday, he
said it's your birthday and it's my birthday again, then I
remembered that well I have a birthday coming up.
Then I got busy for two days again
and forgot to order clothes.
Then I
ordered the men's clothes, but they didn't come.
Since it was getting late,
Trisha ordered a dress
for me. This means we thought we would
get one of each. He ordered this dress.
This dress is okay. This
arrived today. I mean, this dress arrived on my birthday.
Since none of the clothes were delivered, my
mother went last night and
bought this dress for me.
This time, the
men's shirt I ordered didn't arrive. I
ordered another one as an emergency.
That too has come. That also arrived a little earlier today.
Now I'm confused about
which one I should read on my birthday. I've already thought about my mother saying that
if I don't read it now, I'll
read it during the puja. Let's see how it goes. I
hope it goes well.
This is the tomato. I ordered a slightly smaller size.
Why does it look so big?
So let's read a little and see which
[music] sounds better. I
mean, honestly, it wasn't there or wasn't there? It's now three o'clock.
Confusion. So I'll try a little trial and
see which one feels better. Now
Abhijeet is insisting on me to
go out with him. What will he buy? I don't know
why. I don't know. I know. Hey, if
I were at home, it would be a problem to decorate.
What's up? [Loud laughter]
What am I going to do if I don't understand? Two hours later I am coming to give
me mountains, I have
brought you a little horse to give me mountains,
I have come to the game zone, I
will play a little game, I will go
home again [Music] [
Music]
82 [Music] To
come [
Music] [
Music] Sapane [Music
] Look at my heart, do
you have a light, Why have you been wandering around since morning?
Why is Dima bad?
Happy birthday to you Oh well, happy
birthday [Loud laughter]
You, happy birthday [Singing]
Dear Priya, happy
birthday to you [Singing] You, I'm
working hard to size it myself,
yes, I'm sizing it myself, with money, with
money, it's Dimito who
decorated it, Dimito, the decorator,
how well it's decorated, let's see, it'll go away,
yes, it'll go away. Happy
birthday, happy
birthday,
you know, I'm so scared. So many people have
celebrated their birthdays. It's like a crack.
Happy birthday, it's
scared of us. Happy
birthday,
mom, come on, come on.
[Music] Kill me, take my
step, Jaha,
Hide it so that you can't see it.
I didn't get the gift.
I was telling her today too, I took
two, and since then
I've been holding it, I mean [Loud laughter] I
can hold the gift, open it, see, okay,
you don't know, I wanted to take it from you, it
opens, it opens, that's why I'm
saying I
couldn't drink juice, hey, hey, hey, he has a
habit, he has a habit,
I really like it, I don't know,
secretly [loud laughter] How
beautiful will it open like this, how
beautiful, it's
very beautiful, it's very beautiful, [loud laughter] It's
very beautiful, it's very beautiful, I'm
eating my birthday cake, I'll eat another thing, I'll show you,
these are in the cake, can you eat it, can't you eat it,
good, milky,
very good,
wow, no
paper, I thought for a while, is the paper
real, boss,
they fell off, Joy, your choice, your choice, it was better
before, now it's better
[loud laughter] It was better
before, because you're not working,
my cake has been cut, everything is done,
butt bag, this place is so good
that I don't want to leave, I'll tell you
thank you, thank you to
everyone, thank you very much, thank you, thank you, thank you, oh,
or did it fall off while I was putting it on and stick to
his hand from above,
especially with my red dress? The theme is
even better, it's better, I haven't
read any pink dress
[Screaming] Do
you remember this, Tisha? I mean, it used to be like this
whenever we did a blog, Tisha would
release balloons like this and I would react like this
Last time we went on a girls' trip,
they surprised me, okay, they
surprised me for Bright Tubi,
obviously everyone knows that I'm getting
married and everyone has thought that I have a
birthday celebration, I
mean, the video has over a million views,
there's Happy Birthday, Happy Birthday, Happy Birthday, that was
n't my Happy Birthday, this is my Birthday, okay,
Abhijit, in the chocolates he brought for me in the morning, he was saying that there was a
special
chocolate, that's what I'm trying to find.
Now look, Doraemon,
it says Doraemon Toy Inside, Doraemon is inside,
Doraemon isn't a toy, so eat it.
Okay,
look, [shouting]
What's wrong with Hariptar? [Music] Okay,
now everyone is eating and I'm sitting here
like a wedding cameraman with a camera in my hand.
Everything is fine. The
food and drink are all good.
Didi, everything is fine. Today, I'm
asking like a wedding menu. We're eating
here.
How was the food? [Loud laughter] You cooked well. Thank you for
cooking so much. Thank you for
cooking so much. You cooked so well.
Tell me, you
cooked so well. Grandma, I did it. I did it. I did it. Grandma, I did it.
What do you do?
Whatever you do, the cooking is great.
My birthday is the day before. This is the
day after my birthday. And the
decorations are still there. I went out a little bit
because we had a shoot. And when I
came out, I saw that it was still there. So I
thought I would unbox the birthday gifts I
received in front of this decoration.
So let me quickly
show you what gifts I got. So
I probably saw this gift in a video the other day. I
really liked it. Which is a cute
thing.
It opens again like this. Is
n't it beautiful? It would be great to read it this way.
Which gift should I open next? I will open it.
It has an iconic hair straightener.
[Screaming] Okay.
Which gift can be opened next? So
this gave me Abhijit. Okay.
I will open this to everyone's liking. This time, this
gift includes a perfume set.
I will open this box now. I had a little idea that
I might get a hair straightener as a gift.
I don't know what it is, but.
There is a hairdryer.
I'm not serious. I
wanted a hair dryer like this. Because these hair
dryers have two modes: one for cooling hair and
one for hot hair. So I do
n't want my hair to get completely damaged.
So I needed the cooling hair.
But my hair dryers can only
do hot hair. Small hair
dryers that are like this thank you. Thank you.
Next, I will watch it. There are two gifts in this.
One
and this one. [Screaming] Two. So
I'm starting with the smallest one.
There is a fan. That fan looks so cute. All pink
in color.
What a beautiful sight. Okay.
Next, I'll unbox this.
What a beautiful bag. It's
very beautiful. Thank you for the bag.
I got another bag. Okay? I'll
show you that. Is
n't this bag beautiful? I
personally wanted to have a bag
collection. But I never
buy a bag until one of my bags is
too old to use. I do
n't change a bag until then. But this
year, I think I said I would make a bag
collection. It seems they heard it somehow.
And how many bags did I get the most?
A cute bag that
goes with any outfit and it will be very convenient when I have to
carry a lot of my things somewhere. To be
honest,
I forgot to tell him in the joy of opening all these gifts that I had to
say who gave which gift.
So I didn't have to say it, so
I'll start with this bag. This
bag was given to me by my grandfather's grandmother.
They gave me another gift that is
still on the road. They gave
me a pair of glasses from a lens cart
so that my
eyes don't get tired when I use the phone at night. And this
fan from Bagda was given to me by Abiroop and
Priyanka. And this hair dryer
and this hair straightener were given to
me by my brother and Gungun. This cute pendant was
given to me by Jeet. And this
perfume was given to me by Swapnadeep. So let's move on to
unboxing the next gift. I
hope you've seen this beautiful flower throughout the blog.
These flowers were given to me.
And he gave me so much more. For example,
this bag you see is
full of chips. And this bag is full of the
chocolates I
showed you. And today we went to South City for
my birthday.
This doll also won by playing games from the game center there.
And gave it to me too.
Today means unboxing the last gift before last.
I still don't understand though, this is where
this will hang here, you can light up the photo here
that means this is where the light will light up, this will
hang here and here I
can put the photo if I want, how beautiful it is on both sides, thank
you, thank you, today is not the last, before this my sister
gave me two chocolates, so
I ate these two chocolates, I
ate them yesterday, so sorry sister,
I can't show you your chocolate here because there
is chocolate inside my stomach [loud laughter] here is
another chocolate that Abhijit
gave me, and he also gave me this gift,
so this year's birthday was really great
and you all wished me a lot,
but maybe it wasn't possible to reply to everyone,
so thank
you very much, let's see you like today, next is a
challenge with the blog
