Did you see the Macharam?
After Ramakrishna went to the city, he completely
forgot about us. Now, when he gets time, let's come to the
village and have a go. Even if I
go to the city,
can I forget the affection for the village? That's why I came here to get my sister's
daughter married to my son
. Isn't there a
little bit of a laugh side to it than three
?
I told the beauty of Thirukkadi that the groom would come from Seemai. Look, the border department has arrived.
[Laughter] Call Panna,
mother. Oh Thirukkani
Thirukkani, bring some coffee water and give
it to everyone to drink
What a Rakhi, it seems like you're going to throw away all the hot water. It seems
like you're going to work just to buy hot water for her.
Uncle,
there's a coffee uncle, uncle, the donkey key,
oh, what's up?
How many times have
I told you not to create a storm when you come to look after your daughter? Now look, my son-in-law, will you go to
the shore with your shirt all over your body? Go and
spit, come on,
that's all you spit.
You don't care about anything,
our Thirukhaniya, you must have been listening to me all day long, telling me to laugh.
Yes, uncle, I always
talk nonsense. Dad and mom
would sit and chat. [Laughter]
Ma, my teeth are like 32 bricks burned in a Chola fire.
Nonsense, go to the dentist and
get your teeth fixed. Then that dog could
go to a beautician and
get his hair straightened. You're the one who said this, but
how can you be the only one who ties her up when she's the one who came to you
? Don't just stay there, don't give me a
girl, they're going away.
What are you talking about there? Oh, the
groom
is asking if the girl can sing. Now look, Thirukan, just
sing, my dear.
[Music] [Screaming] You've put a hot pot in the oven, you and the machine are flying gold. We need a snake to eat and I need a Javan. [Music] We need a groom. We need a
snake to eat and I
need a Javan groom.
As soon as the groom heard the song,
look at the happiness.
[Laughter] I understand, I understand.
[Laughter] Thirukan, the
groom, does he want
to talk to you privately? Just go and say a few words and you'll be fine
.
How many people have fallen for the girl so far?
But I don't like anyone
.
You don't like it.
But
you are very lucky.
Why can't
I come even when I'm done? Uncle, I love you,
uncle, where are you going?
Boy, boy
