Did you see the Macharam? Did you see the Macharam? After Ramakrishna went to the city, he completely After Ramakrishna went to the city, he completely After Ramakrishna went to the city, he completely forgot about us. Now, when he gets time, let's come to the forgot about us. Now, when he gets time, let's come to the forgot about us. Now, when he gets time, let's come to the village and have a go. Even if I village and have a go. Even if I village and have a go. Even if I go to the city, go to the city, go to the city, can I forget the affection for the village?  That's why I came here to get my sister's can I forget the affection for the village?  That's why I came here to get my sister's can I forget the affection for the village?  That's why I came here to get my sister's daughter married to my son daughter married to my son daughter married to my son .   Isn't there a .   Isn't there a .   Isn't there a little bit of a laugh side to it than three little bit of a laugh side to it than three little bit of a laugh side to it than three ? ? I told the beauty of Thirukkadi that the groom would come from Seemai.  Look, the border department has arrived. I told the beauty of Thirukkadi that the groom would come from Seemai.  Look, the border department has arrived. I told the beauty of Thirukkadi that the groom would come from Seemai.  Look, the border department has arrived. [Laughter] Call Panna, [Laughter] Call Panna, [Laughter] Call Panna, mother.  Oh Thirukkani mother.  Oh Thirukkani mother.  Oh Thirukkani Thirukkani, bring some coffee water and give Thirukkani, bring some coffee water and give Thirukkani, bring some coffee water and give it to everyone to drink What a Rakhi, it seems like you're going to throw away all the hot water. It seems What a Rakhi, it seems like you're going to throw away all the hot water. It seems like you're going to work just to buy hot water for her. like you're going to work just to buy hot water for her. like you're going to work just to buy hot water for her. Uncle, Uncle, Uncle, there's a coffee uncle, uncle, the donkey key, there's a coffee uncle, uncle, the donkey key, oh, what's up? oh, what's up? How many times have How many times have How many times have I told you not to create a storm when you come to look after your daughter?  Now look, my son-in-law, will you go to I told you not to create a storm when you come to look after your daughter?  Now look, my son-in-law, will you go to I told you not to create a storm when you come to look after your daughter?  Now look, my son-in-law, will you go to the shore with your shirt all over your body? Go and the shore with your shirt all over your body? Go and the shore with your shirt all over your body? Go and spit, come on, spit, come on, spit, come on, that's all you spit. that's all you spit. that's all you spit. You don't care about anything, You don't care about anything, You don't care about anything, our Thirukhaniya, you must have been listening to me all day long, telling me to laugh. our Thirukhaniya, you must have been listening to me all day long, telling me to laugh. Yes, uncle, I always Yes, uncle, I always Yes, uncle, I always talk nonsense. Dad and mom talk nonsense. Dad and mom talk nonsense. Dad and mom would sit and chat. [Laughter] would sit and chat. [Laughter] would sit and chat. [Laughter] Ma, my teeth are like 32 bricks burned in a Chola fire. Ma, my teeth are like 32 bricks burned in a Chola fire. Nonsense, go to the dentist and Nonsense, go to the dentist and Nonsense, go to the dentist and get your teeth fixed.  Then that dog could get your teeth fixed.  Then that dog could get your teeth fixed.  Then that dog could go to a beautician and go to a beautician and go to a beautician and get his hair straightened.  You're the one who said this, but get his hair straightened.  You're the one who said this, but how can you be the only one who ties her up when she's the one who came to you how can you be the only one who ties her up when she's the one who came to you how can you be the only one who ties her up when she's the one who came to you ?   Don't just stay there, don't give me a ?   Don't just stay there, don't give me a ?   Don't just stay there, don't give me a girl, they're going away. girl, they're going away. girl, they're going away. What are you talking about there? Oh, the What are you talking about there? Oh, the What are you talking about there? Oh, the groom groom groom is asking if the girl can sing. Now look, Thirukan, just is asking if the girl can sing. Now look, Thirukan, just is asking if the girl can sing. Now look, Thirukan, just sing, my dear. [Music] [Screaming] You've put a hot pot in the oven, you and the machine are flying gold. We need a snake to eat and I need a Javan. [Music] We need a groom. We need a [Music] [Screaming] You've put a hot pot in the oven, you and the machine are flying gold. We need a snake to eat and I need a Javan. [Music] We need a groom. We need a [Music] [Screaming] You've put a hot pot in the oven, you and the machine are flying gold. We need a snake to eat and I need a Javan. [Music] We need a groom. We need a snake to eat and I snake to eat and I snake to eat and I need a Javan groom. As soon as the groom heard the song, As soon as the groom heard the song, As soon as the groom heard the song, look at the happiness. look at the happiness. look at the happiness. [Laughter] I understand, I understand. [Laughter] I understand, I understand. [Laughter] I understand, I understand. [Laughter] Thirukan, the [Laughter] Thirukan, the [Laughter] Thirukan, the groom, does he want groom, does he want groom, does he want to talk to you privately?  Just go and say a few words and you'll be fine to talk to you privately?  Just go and say a few words and you'll be fine to talk to you privately?  Just go and say a few words and you'll be fine . How many people have fallen for the girl so far? How many people have fallen for the girl so far? How many people have fallen for the girl so far? But I don't like anyone But I don't like anyone But I don't like anyone . . . You don't like it. You don't like it. You don't like it. But But But you are very lucky. you are very lucky. you are very lucky. Why can't Why can't I come even when I'm done? Uncle, I love you, I come even when I'm done? Uncle, I love you, I come even when I'm done? Uncle, I love you, uncle, where are you going? uncle, where are you going? uncle, where are you going? Boy, boy