Hello everyone, good morning.  So today I had to go to Hello everyone, good morning.  So today I had to go to Hello everyone, good morning.  So today I had to go to a food tasting event a food tasting event a food tasting event for which I was trying out outfits and I was loving for which I was trying out outfits and I was loving for which I was trying out outfits and I was loving all of them.  Then finally all of them.  Then finally all of them.  Then finally I wore this black one and I I wore this black one and I I wore this black one and I ate a lot here because it was free and ate a lot here because it was free and ate a lot here because it was free and so tasty.  After that I met a so tasty.  After that I met a so tasty.  After that I met a cute dog who was very cute. cute dog who was very cute. cute dog who was very cute. Then I came home and saw that another Then I came home and saw that another Then I came home and saw that another parcel had arrived which was an invite parcel had arrived which was an invite parcel had arrived which was an invite for another event and since it was an invite for the opening of a sweet shop, it contained a for another event and since it was an invite for the opening of a sweet shop, it contained a for another event and since it was an invite for the opening of a sweet shop, it contained a lot of lot of lot of namkeen and a lot of sweets and it contained namkeen and a lot of sweets and it contained namkeen and a lot of sweets and it contained rasgullas but I was hoping it would be rasgullas but I was hoping it would be rasgullas but I was hoping it would be gulab jamuns.  Then I gulab jamuns.  Then I gulab jamuns.  Then I cleaned my face with Skin Vitamin C Face Wash cleaned my face with Skin Vitamin C Face Wash cleaned my face with Skin Vitamin C Face Wash due to which my skin due to which my skin due to which my skin texture already looked better and my skin texture already looked better and my skin texture already looked better and my skin looked brighter.  After that, to moisturize my face, looked brighter.  After that, to moisturize my face, looked brighter.  After that, to moisturize my face, I applied an even more advanced skin I applied an even more advanced skin I applied an even more advanced skin brightening cream.  These products brightening cream.  These products brightening cream.  These products are dermatologically tested and are are dermatologically tested and are are dermatologically tested and are suitable for all skin types.  So this was suitable for all skin types.  So this was suitable for all skin types.  So this was my simple two step skin care routine. my simple two step skin care routine. my simple two step skin care routine. Then I went to Papa.  Then I went to my Then I went to Papa.  Then I went to my Then I went to Papa.  Then I went to my sister's house where I met a cute sister's house where I met a cute sister's house where I met a cute boy.  After that my sister gave me a lot of boy.  After that my sister gave me a lot of boy.  After that my sister gave me a lot of chocolates which made me happy. chocolates which made me happy. chocolates which made me happy. Then I brought it to my house and it Then I brought it to my house and it Then I brought it to my house and it fell as soon as it entered the house.  Then I fell as soon as it entered the house.  Then I fell as soon as it entered the house.  Then I ordered Ramen with her money and fed her, which made ordered Ramen with her money and fed her, which made ordered Ramen with her money and fed her, which made her a little happy.  After that he her a little happy.  After that he her a little happy.  After that he started colouring.  He forcibly made started colouring.  He forcibly made started colouring.  He forcibly made me sit with him.  Then me sit with him.  Then me sit with him.  Then mom prepared dinner which included kheer, potato mom prepared dinner which included kheer, potato mom prepared dinner which included kheer, potato curry and spinach paneer.  Then I went to the gym.   That's curry and spinach paneer.  Then I went to the gym.   That's curry and spinach paneer.  Then I went to the gym.   That's it.  Thank you so much for watching.  Do it.  Thank you so much for watching.  Do it.  Thank you so much for watching.  Do like, share and subscribe.