Do you find these comfortable with clothes Do you find these comfortable with clothes Do you find these comfortable with clothes ? ? ? Yes.  Papa himself is getting uncomfortable without any Yes.  Papa himself is getting uncomfortable without any Yes.  Papa himself is getting uncomfortable without any reason. Hi friends, welcome back to my channel. Hi friends, welcome back to my channel. Hi friends, welcome back to my channel. How are you all having fun?  So I am back How are you all having fun?  So I am back How are you all having fun?  So I am back in Mumbai.  We have come to Mumbai for in Mumbai.  We have come to Mumbai for in Mumbai.  We have come to Mumbai for my dental work.  If not today then tomorrow my dental work.  If not today then tomorrow my dental work.  If not today then tomorrow how will you be able to see my smile.  Isn't it, how will you be able to see my smile.  Isn't it, how will you be able to see my smile.  Isn't it, Papa? Papa? Papa? What? What? What? I was matching the color. I was matching the color. I was matching the color. Now even father has started taking skin care. Now even father has started taking skin care. Now even father has started taking skin care. Look, look at Papa's face.   That's Look, look at Papa's face.   That's Look, look at Papa's face.   That's ok.  So today I am going to give you a very ok.  So today I am going to give you a very ok.  So today I am going to give you a very big surprise. big surprise. big surprise. I will give you a very wonderful gift.  Will remember this Father's Day gift. I will give you a very wonderful gift.  Will remember this Father's Day gift. I will give you a very wonderful gift.  Will remember this Father's Day gift. Come on, Come on, Come on, why would you give me a gift?  I will why would you give me a gift?  I will why would you give me a gift?  I will give you a gift, right?   Let us go.   The opposite is happening give you a gift, right?   Let us go.   The opposite is happening give you a gift, right?   Let us go.   The opposite is happening here.  But first we're going to go up to do the here.  But first we're going to go up to do the here.  But first we're going to go up to do the eyebrows. eyebrows. eyebrows. Look how much my eyebrows have grown.  So Look how much my eyebrows have grown.  So Look how much my eyebrows have grown.  So I'm going to go get my eyebrows done first.  And let I'm going to go get my eyebrows done first.  And let I'm going to go get my eyebrows done first.  And let me show you my dress.  One me show you my dress.  One me show you my dress.  One second.  wait.  Look at this. second.  wait.  Look at this. second.  wait.  Look at this. It's so cool, Mummy and I have It's so cool, Mummy and I have It's so cool, Mummy and I have twinned.  Mummy is also wearing a red coloured twinned.  Mummy is also wearing a red coloured twinned.  Mummy is also wearing a red coloured top.  We both red red I will top.  We both red red I will top.  We both red red I will go now. go now. go now. Papa is not able to open even one door. Papa is not able to open even one door. Papa is not able to open even one door. come soon. Look guys, I'm here with my eyebrows peeled off. Look guys, I'm here with my eyebrows peeled off. Look guys, I'm here with my eyebrows peeled off. How does my mouth feel?  Whenever I get my How does my mouth feel?  Whenever I get my How does my mouth feel?  Whenever I get my eyebrows done, I feel as if eyebrows done, I feel as if eyebrows done, I feel as if my face has completely changed.  Look at this. my face has completely changed.  Look at this. my face has completely changed.  Look at this. Mummy. Mummy. Mummy. Look guys, what is going on with them. Look guys, what is going on with them. Look guys, what is going on with them. Hey, this is not Husband Day.  It's Father's Day. Hey, this is not Husband Day.  It's Father's Day. Hey, this is not Husband Day.  It's Father's Day. So what? So what? So what? Yes. Yes. Yes. Come on, come on, let's do some Come on, come on, let's do some Come on, come on, let's do some shopping, if we come to Mumbai then it doesn't happen like this, shopping, if we come to Mumbai then it doesn't happen like this, shopping, if we come to Mumbai then it doesn't happen like this, guys, is there a husband's day, is there a husband's day guys, is there a husband's day, is there a husband's day guys, is there a husband's day, is there a husband's day or not, or not, or not, tell me in the comments, then there must be a tell me in the comments, then there must be a tell me in the comments, then there must be a wife's day too, then I don't know whether it happens or wife's day too, then I don't know whether it happens or wife's day too, then I don't know whether it happens or not, come on, not, come on, not, come on, see, cut the photo right now, see, cut the photo right now, see, cut the photo right now, these people again start fighting, these people again start fighting, these people again start fighting, ask to take the photo, ask to take the photo, ask to take the photo, these people fight on this very thing, what should I these people fight on this very thing, what should I these people fight on this very thing, what should I say, what did I just say to you, tell me what say, what did I just say to you, tell me what say, what did I just say to you, tell me what I just said to you, I just said to you, I just said to you, wherever I go, I start Doraemon. wherever I go, I start Doraemon. wherever I go, I start Doraemon. I feel like Doraemon is going to be I feel like Doraemon is going to be I feel like Doraemon is going to be my son-in-law.  [ __ ], my son-in-law.  [ __ ], my son-in-law.  [ __ ], man [laughs] man [laughs] man [laughs] because she just won't let go of Doraemon. because she just won't let go of Doraemon. because she just won't let go of Doraemon. If Doraemon were a human being, I would definitely make him my son-in-law. If Doraemon were a human being, I would definitely make him my son-in-law. If Doraemon were a human being, I would definitely make him my son-in-law. Yes done.  Let's go now. Yes done.  Let's go now. Yes done.  Let's go now. Hey, go from behind.   Guys Hey, go from behind.   Guys Hey, go from behind.   Guys , we're off to go shopping. , we're off to go shopping. , we're off to go shopping. Now that I have come to Mumbai, I will Now that I have come to Mumbai, I will Now that I have come to Mumbai, I will go to the mall here and do some great shopping and will go to the mall here and do some great shopping and will go to the mall here and do some great shopping and will also shop for Papa.  Father's Day also shop for Papa.  Father's Day also shop for Papa.  Father's Day special.   Guys, look, we have reached the mall.   First of all we have reached the mall.   First of all we have reached the mall.   First of all we are going to go we are going to go we are going to go shopping for clothes in Judeo.  Whenever shopping for clothes in Judeo.  Whenever shopping for clothes in Judeo.  Whenever I go to such malls, I feel I go to such malls, I feel I go to such malls, I feel incomplete and empty because incomplete and empty because incomplete and empty because Papa does not accompany me.  Right now Papa does not accompany me.  Right now Papa does not accompany me.  Right now Papa should understand that he has to come with me. Papa should understand that he has to come with me. Papa should understand that he has to come with me. I have become used to it like this.  Papa I have become used to it like this.  Papa I have become used to it like this.  Papa walks like this, so I am used to holding hands like this. walks like this, so I am used to holding hands like this. walks like this, so I am used to holding hands like this. And now you know what the feeling is. And now you know what the feeling is. And now you know what the feeling is. [Music] First of all, [Music] First of all, [Music] First of all, we'll go shopping for Papa. we'll go shopping for Papa. we'll go shopping for Papa. Look, we have reached the gents Look, we have reached the gents Look, we have reached the gents section.  We will get cool clothes for Papa from section.  We will get cool clothes for Papa from section.  We will get cool clothes for Papa from here. here. here. No, it is like that.  What are you looking at, mom?  Loose No, it is like that.  What are you looking at, mom?  Loose No, it is like that.  What are you looking at, mom?  Loose jeans.  Yes, these days such baggy jeans are jeans.  Yes, these days such baggy jeans are jeans.  Yes, these days such baggy jeans are trending.  I am already wearing one. trending.  I am already wearing one. trending.  I am already wearing one. Look, Look, Look, yes, such loose clothes are in fashion these days, yes, such loose clothes are in fashion these days, yes, such loose clothes are in fashion these days, Papa.  These ones are cool in white and black.  You Papa.  These ones are cool in white and black.  You Papa.  These ones are cool in white and black.  You can take the white one.  It is torn.   I will can take the white one.  It is torn.   I will can take the white one.  It is torn.   I will also buy a full printed T-shirt for Papa. also buy a full printed T-shirt for Papa. also buy a full printed T-shirt for Papa. Papa doesn't wear printed t-shirts like that. Papa doesn't wear printed t-shirts like that. Papa doesn't wear printed t-shirts like that. But still we will take it.   I But still we will take it.   I But still we will take it.   I need a plain t-shirt. need a plain t-shirt. need a plain t-shirt. But we will take it.   Will But we will take it.   Will But we will take it.   Will take it because of this. take it because of this. take it because of this. Because of this.  Yes.  Look at his dressing sense. Because of this.  Yes.  Look at his dressing sense. Because of this.  Yes.  Look at his dressing sense. But my father's dressing sense is not that But my father's dressing sense is not that But my father's dressing sense is not that bad. bad. bad. Ok. Ok. Ok. Yes.  Yes, look, this is trending like this right now, Yes.  Yes, look, this is trending like this right now, okay, I will buy it, friend, okay, I will buy it, friend, okay, I will buy it, friend, take it, that's right, you check the size etc., take it, that's right, you check the size etc., take it, that's right, you check the size etc., hey, I have seen it with my eyes, it is clear, wow, nice, hey, I have seen it with my eyes, it is clear, wow, nice, hey, I have seen it with my eyes, it is clear, wow, nice, what are you saying, mom, mom has what are you saying, mom, mom has what are you saying, mom, mom has also found some really cool clothes, look, this also found some really cool clothes, look, this also found some really cool clothes, look, this shirt is so cool in white color, we are shirt is so cool in white color, we are shirt is so cool in white color, we are looking at all the clothes in white only, looking at all the clothes in white only, looking at all the clothes in white only, hey, we will find a partner for this there, hey, we will find a partner for this there, hey, we will find a partner for this there, yes, by the way, what was I saying, let papa finish his yes, by the way, what was I saying, let papa finish his yes, by the way, what was I saying, let papa finish his shopping, then we shopping, then we shopping, then we girls will do our shopping comfortably, because what girls will do our shopping comfortably, because what girls will do our shopping comfortably, because what if we do shopping first, our if we do shopping first, our if we do shopping first, our shopping takes time, papa had shopping takes time, papa had shopping takes time, papa had bought white colored pants.  Look at that, we are bought white colored pants.  Look at that, we are bought white colored pants.  Look at that, we are taking this green colored shirt.  Nowadays, taking this green colored shirt.  Nowadays, taking this green colored shirt.  Nowadays, such colors look very nice in non-contrast. such colors look very nice in non-contrast. such colors look very nice in non-contrast. Looks stylish too. Looks stylish too. Looks stylish too. Okay, my shopping is done, now do yours. Okay, my shopping is done, now do yours. Okay, my shopping is done, now do yours. Just Just Just look at this one, how nice it is, right? look at this one, how nice it is, right? look at this one, how nice it is, right? How is your mother? How is your mother? How is your mother? What happened? What happened? What happened? Look, move it aside. Look, move it aside. Look, move it aside. You are going to wear one already. You are going to wear one already. You are going to wear one already. This is the elastic one. This is the elastic one. This is the elastic one. But if it is any color then take another one. But if it is any color then take another one. But if it is any color then take another one. Come to the makeup section. Come to the makeup section. Come to the makeup section. I really like the makeup here. I really like the makeup here. I really like the makeup here. Look at this lipstick.  I am looking for a little lighter color Look at this lipstick.  I am looking for a little lighter color Look at this lipstick.  I am looking for a little lighter color in lipstick shades. in lipstick shades. in lipstick shades. Look, he handed me such a mobile phone, Look, he handed me such a mobile phone, Look, he handed me such a mobile phone, it was pink in colour and everyone thinks that this mobile phone is mine and this thinks that this mobile phone is mine and this thinks that this mobile phone is mine and this pink coloured mobile phone, all of them look straight pink coloured mobile phone, all of them look straight pink coloured mobile phone, all of them look straight towards my face.   Is there any guarantee that all girls guarantee that all girls guarantee that all girls test on such hands only?  Tell me please. test on such hands only?  Tell me please. test on such hands only?  Tell me please. I have no guarantee about this.  And even I have no guarantee about this.  And even I have no guarantee about this.  And even if someone has not tested it by applying it on such a photo, if someone has not tested it by applying it on such a photo, if someone has not tested it by applying it on such a photo, then how will we know? then how will we know? then how will we know? How can that be known?  Now let me How can that be known?  Now let me How can that be known?  Now let me keep it like this, look keep it like this, look keep it like this, look what is mom taking here?  show.  These slippers, what is mom taking here?  show.  These slippers, what is mom taking here?  show.  These slippers, mom, disappeared for two minutes.  She went mom, disappeared for two minutes.  She went mom, disappeared for two minutes.  She went away from us.  Mom quickly finished all the shopping. away from us.  Mom quickly finished all the shopping. away from us.  Mom quickly finished all the shopping. Show me what you have taken?  This is a Show me what you have taken?  This is a Show me what you have taken?  This is a sleeper.  And we have taken this step. sleeper.  And we have taken this step. sleeper.  And we have taken this step. And I have bought it for your gym. And I have bought it for your gym. And I have bought it for your gym. Yes, see how serious my mother is about my gym. Yes, see how serious my mother is about my gym. Yes, see how serious my mother is about my gym. Look how cool this Look how cool this Look how cool this is.   You have to is.   You have to is.   You have to wear it like this while doing gym.  Correct.   The wear it like this while doing gym.  Correct.   The wear it like this while doing gym.  Correct.   The shoes are good.  Take it, take it, take it. shoes are good.  Take it, take it, take it. shoes are good.  Take it, take it, take it. Papa is forcing me to buy shoes for the gym.   Is Papa is forcing me to buy shoes for the gym.   Is n't this good? n't this good? n't this good? Is good.  The color is good.  He takes it.   That's Is good.  The color is good.  He takes it.   That's Is good.  The color is good.  He takes it.   That's ok.  I took this. ok.  I took this. ok.  I took this. Ok.  Guys, look, I Ok.  Guys, look, I Ok.  Guys, look, I like these slippers.  It is cool and like these slippers.  It is cool and like these slippers.  It is cool and comfortable too.  In this, mother has chosen this colour. comfortable too.  In this, mother has chosen this colour. comfortable too.  In this, mother has chosen this colour. See which one looks better See which one looks better See which one looks better ? ? ? Which one is comfortable? Which one is comfortable? Which one is comfortable? That one is the same size as this one.   That's That one is the same size as this one.   That's That one is the same size as this one.   That's for you, for you, for you, yes mom has bought this for him.  Look, yes mom has bought this for him.  Look, yes mom has bought this for him.  Look, Papa is paying the bill in the back and we are going to do some Papa is paying the bill in the back and we are going to do some Papa is paying the bill in the back and we are going to do some shopping. shopping. shopping. Meaning to see.  Mummy's my funda.  Let's Meaning to see.  Mummy's my funda.  Let's Meaning to see.  Mummy's my funda.  Let's see what I'm going for.  Right now see what I'm going for.  Right now see what I'm going for.  Right now we are looking at earrings.  C Guys Wow we are looking at earrings.  C Guys Wow we are looking at earrings.  C Guys Wow we have to move ourselves.  It is not we have to move ourselves.  It is not we have to move ourselves.  It is not rotating on its own. rotating on its own. rotating on its own. Wow guys, look how beautiful this dress Wow guys, look how beautiful this dress Wow guys, look how beautiful this dress is.  Should I show you, it's cool, right?  It looks is.  Should I show you, it's cool, right?  It looks is.  Should I show you, it's cool, right?  It looks very beautiful as well.  Its color is also very very beautiful as well.  Its color is also very very beautiful as well.  Its color is also very nice.  Take it.  Should I take it?  Let's see its size. nice.  Take it.  Should I take it?  Let's see its size. nice.  Take it.  Should I take it?  Let's see its size. Look how cool this is. Look how cool this is. Look how cool this is. He is also my father. He is also my father. He is also my father. Papa is not saying anything. Papa is not saying anything. Papa is not saying anything. This one This one This one is M size.  I also like this tube top. is M size.  I also like this tube top. is M size.  I also like this tube top. Look, it is yellow in colour. Look, it is yellow in colour. Look, it is yellow in colour. How cool it is.  By the way, I have How cool it is.  By the way, I have How cool it is.  By the way, I have bought one of those pink dresses.  We bought one of those pink dresses.  We bought one of those pink dresses.  We will see more here.  It looks cool.  Wow. will see more here.  It looks cool.  Wow. will see more here.  It looks cool.  Wow. Hi.   Yes, yes. Hi.   Yes, yes. Guys, look how amazing this bikini top Guys, look how amazing this bikini top Guys, look how amazing this bikini top looks.  Isn't it?  Below this, there is this looks.  Isn't it?  Below this, there is this looks.  Isn't it?  Below this, there is this loose sash to wear.  Butt loose sash to wear.  Butt loose sash to wear.  Butt inside it is like this.  Look, the whole set is like this. inside it is like this.  Look, the whole set is like this. inside it is like this.  Look, the whole set is like this. This entire set is like a bikini.  Wow, This entire set is like a bikini.  Wow, This entire set is like a bikini.  Wow, isn't that right girl? isn't that right girl? isn't that right girl? This one is also so beautiful. This one is also so beautiful. This one is also so beautiful. This pink one is also so cute.  Is carefree. This pink one is also so cute.  Is carefree. This pink one is also so cute.  Is carefree. C This bikini top here.  And these shots are C This bikini top here.  And these shots are C This bikini top here.  And these shots are perfect, right?  What a cool dude.  Look, this one perfect, right?  What a cool dude.  Look, this one perfect, right?  What a cool dude.  Look, this one is also cool. is also cool. is also cool. Wow.  Look, I have wooed mom.  And Wow.  Look, I have wooed mom.  And Wow.  Look, I have wooed mom.  And I am thinking of buying this bikini.  The I am thinking of buying this bikini.  The I am thinking of buying this bikini.  The whole set is visible. whole set is visible. whole set is visible. Yes, it is completely set.  This is the top and this Yes, it is completely set.  This is the top and this Yes, it is completely set.  This is the top and this is the bottom.  These are shorts and this is the bottom.  These are shorts and this is the bottom.  These are shorts and this is a shirt over it.  Complete set.  Now I don't know where is a shirt over it.  Complete set.  Now I don't know where is a shirt over it.  Complete set.  Now I don't know where I will wear it but it will be fun.  I have taken it. I will wear it but it will be fun.  I have taken it. I will wear it but it will be fun.  I have taken it. Collection should be done, right?   A Collection should be done, right?   A Collection should be done, right?   A collection should be made.  Mom put it right. collection should be made.  Mom put it right. collection should be made.  Mom put it right. Thanks.  May everyone have such a cool mom.   But if I Thanks.  May everyone have such a cool mom.   But if I Thanks.  May everyone have such a cool mom.   But if I wear this bikini, I will wear it with them only. wear this bikini, I will wear it with them only. wear this bikini, I will wear it with them only. Put it.  This one is also a bikini set.  Look Put it.  This one is also a bikini set.  Look Put it.  This one is also a bikini set.  Look how cool it is.  Isn't it?  It is very cool and the colour is also how cool it is.  Isn't it?  It is very cool and the colour is also how cool it is.  Isn't it?  It is very cool and the colour is also good.  Look, I have come here to good.  Look, I have come here to good.  Look, I have come here to see perfumes.  I love see perfumes.  I love see perfumes.  I love buying perfumes. buying perfumes. buying perfumes. This one is good. This one is good. This one is good. And another one for And another one for And another one for exercise. exercise. exercise. Then why are you fighting? Then why are you fighting? Then why are you fighting? But it belongs to the But it belongs to the But it belongs to the PT children of the school. PT children of the school. PT children of the school. No.   It No.   It No.   It is very dark. is very dark. is very dark. No.   It feels No.   It feels No.   It feels good.  Papa good.  Papa good.  Papa wears clothes like this.  I don't feel any PT-VT. wears clothes like this.  I don't feel any PT-VT. wears clothes like this.  I don't feel any PT-VT. Then what is it?  That will not be worn by children and girls in school, it is for Then what is it?  That will not be worn by children and girls in school, it is for Then what is it?  That will not be worn by children and girls in school, it is for PT, PT, PT, this size will be available for this size will be available for this size will be available for primary, yes it is a small size, primary, yes it is a small size, primary, yes it is a small size, bring the M size, no no, bring the M size, no no, bring the M size, no no, this will be available, let's go this will be available, let's go this will be available, let's go quickly, quickly, quickly, yes okay, I have bought a perfume, the yes okay, I have bought a perfume, the yes okay, I have bought a perfume, the vanilla flavoured one, I am going now, let's keep vanilla flavoured one, I am going now, let's keep vanilla flavoured one, I am going now, let's keep Papa aside to see the cosmetics, let's see if Papa aside to see the cosmetics, let's see if Papa aside to see the cosmetics, let's see if anything anything anything new has come, I want to see a light shade lipstick new has come, I want to see a light shade lipstick in a very light nude, in a very light nude, in a very light nude, yes matte and creamy yes matte and creamy yes matte and creamy matte creamy both, matte creamy both, matte creamy both, what are all these what are all these what are all these tools, tools, tools, Papa Papa Papa hardware and tools guys, hardware and tools guys, hardware and tools guys, I bought two shades of lipstick. I bought two shades of lipstick. I bought two shades of lipstick. One is this first one and the other is this One is this first one and the other is this One is this first one and the other is this first one over here.  I have bought both of these.   I do first one over here.  I have bought both of these.   I do first one over here.  I have bought both of these.   I do n't know, mom has disappeared, friend. n't know, mom has disappeared, friend. n't know, mom has disappeared, friend. And it is very risky to leave mommy open like this. And it is very risky to leave mommy open like this. And it is very risky to leave mommy open like this. Mom is there, she will do a lot of shopping Mom is there, she will do a lot of shopping Mom is there, she will do a lot of shopping then.  Look at this.  Here it is.  Let us go. then.  Look at this.  Here it is.  Let us go. then.  Look at this.  Here it is.  Let us go. Look at this, I have such a beautiful and cute coaching centre. Look at this, I have such a beautiful and cute coaching centre. Look at this, I have such a beautiful and cute coaching centre. Wow, right? Wow, right? Wow, right? Yes, it is cool.  The color is also cool. Yes, it is cool.  The color is also cool. Yes, it is cool.  The color is also cool. Hey, stop it.  Stop it.  Don't you cross the limits Hey, stop it.  Stop it.  Don't you cross the limits Hey, stop it.  Stop it.  Don't you cross the limits ?  Look how cool this one is. ?  Look how cool this one is. You also brought the same school dress.   I do You also brought the same school dress.   I do You also brought the same school dress.   I do n't have school dress, Papa.  This is fashion. n't have school dress, Papa.  This is fashion. n't have school dress, Papa.  This is fashion. Understand, do this also.  What a beautiful dress Understand, do this also.  What a beautiful dress Understand, do this also.  What a beautiful dress I brought.  Proud of me. I brought.  Proud of me. I brought.  Proud of me. You just keep increasing the bill and don't do anything else. You just keep increasing the bill and don't do anything else. You just keep increasing the bill and don't do anything else. So good clothes are available here in Mumbai.   Do So good clothes are available here in Mumbai.   Do So good clothes are available here in Mumbai.   Do n't you find yourselves like this? n't you find yourselves like this? n't you find yourselves like this? No. No. No. What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? Fashionable.  It is so fashionable. Fashionable.  It is so fashionable. Fashionable.  It is so fashionable. And this is me. And this is me. And this is me. Full with a bag. Full with a bag. Full with a bag. This with the bag.  This is full with full bag. This with the bag.  This is full with full bag. This with the bag.  This is full with full bag. They are still shopping and it is not done yet.   It is still They are still shopping and it is not done yet.   It is still They are still shopping and it is not done yet.   It is still very much ongoing.  They keep shopping until the entire bill is very much ongoing.  They keep shopping until the entire bill is very much ongoing.  They keep shopping until the entire bill is made. made. Guys you know we had come to buy this one piece Guys you know we had come to buy this one piece Guys you know we had come to buy this one piece which I liked very much from outside. which I liked very much from outside. which I liked very much from outside. But we did shopping worth Rs 10,000 and the But we did shopping worth Rs 10,000 and the But we did shopping worth Rs 10,000 and the bill came to Rs 10,000.  This is how we are. bill came to Rs 10,000.  This is how we are. bill came to Rs 10,000.  This is how we are. Guys, we are done shopping from here.  Now Guys, we are done shopping from here.  Now Guys, we are done shopping from here.  Now we are going to Infinity Mall.  I have we are going to Infinity Mall.  I have we are going to Infinity Mall.  I have a surprise for Papa. a surprise for Papa. a surprise for Papa. But I was saying, do But I was saying, do But I was saying, do you find these clothes comfortable?  Yes. you find these clothes comfortable?  Yes. you find these clothes comfortable?  Yes. Papa himself is getting uncomfortable without any reason. Papa himself is getting uncomfortable without any reason. Papa himself is getting uncomfortable without any reason. Hey, a towel can't be handled properly here, friend. Hey, a towel can't be handled properly here, friend. Hey, a towel can't be handled properly here, friend. So what are you talking about? So what are you talking about? So what are you talking about? Hey, this is cool, look guys. Hey, this is cool, look guys. Hey, this is cool, look guys. Then this must also be a talent.   Yes. Then this must also be a talent.   Yes. Then this must also be a talent.   Yes. Look guys, we have reached Infinity. Look guys, we have reached Infinity. Look guys, we have reached Infinity. Will shop here now. Will shop here now. Will shop here now. So guys, the gift is that I'm gifting my dad an So guys, the gift is that I'm gifting my dad an Apple Watch on Father's Day [screaming sound]. Apple Watch on Father's Day [screaming sound]. Apple Watch on Father's Day [screaming sound]. Happy Papa, I am Happy Papa, I am Happy Papa, I am using it for the first time, so I will see it after using it. using it for the first time, so I will see it after using it. Yes, Papa was saying for a long time that Yes, Papa was saying for a long time that Yes, Papa was saying for a long time that he does not want an Apple Watch.  I he does not want an Apple Watch.  I he does not want an Apple Watch.  I need an Apple Watch.  So finally we have come to need an Apple Watch.  So finally we have come to need an Apple Watch.  So finally we have come to buy Apple Watch. buy Apple Watch. buy Apple Watch. See what you like.  This is the See what you like.  This is the See what you like.  This is the latest model, isn't it?  Try wearing this and see latest model, isn't it?  Try wearing this and see latest model, isn't it?  Try wearing this and see how it feels on your hand. how it feels on your hand. how it feels on your hand. Look, the Apple Watch is suiting Papa's hand so well. Look, the Apple Watch is suiting Papa's hand so well. Look, the Apple Watch is suiting Papa's hand so well. Wow, to Wow, to Wow, to wear it on the left hand.  This is on the wear it on the left hand.  This is on the wear it on the left hand.  This is on the right hand side, right hand side, right on the left side, so this is it, right on the left side, so this is it, right on the left side, so this is it, look I got Kavya's subscribers here look I got Kavya's subscribers here look I got Kavya's subscribers here in the mall, what was she in the mall, what was she in the mall, what was she saying a lot, tell me now, saying a lot, tell me now, saying a lot, tell me now, actually my Shraddha is yours, she likes you a lot, actually my Shraddha is yours, she likes you a lot, actually my Shraddha is yours, she likes you a lot, thank you, thank you, thank you, hi, hi, hi, she remembered me in the morning itself after watching my vlog and she remembered me in the morning itself after watching my vlog and she remembered me in the morning itself after watching my vlog and I met her in the evening, I met her in the evening, I met her in the evening, yes and my mother was saying that she has grown so yes and my mother was saying that she has grown so yes and my mother was saying that she has grown so big, still she is watching her vlog, big, still she is watching her vlog, big, still she is watching her vlog, you also do something you also do something you also do something and today I finally got her, thank and today I finally got her, thank and today I finally got her, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, you, you, what did you say, it was my what did you say, it was my what did you say, it was my dream, mom, Kavya didi, you do the dream, mom, Kavya didi, you do the dream, mom, Kavya didi, you do the canfest canfest canfest today in Mumbai, didi, how good, she said, satrat, Sandhya met, bye said, satrat, Sandhya met, bye said, satrat, Sandhya met, bye Vanshika, Vanshika, Vanshika, bye ma'am, bye bye, the bye ma'am, bye bye, the girl does not lose, we also watch with her, girl does not lose, we also watch with her, girl does not lose, we also watch with her, thank you, this is thank you, this is thank you, this is not your brother, no, not your brother, no, this is Nagesh who came from work, this is Nagesh who came from work, this is Nagesh who came from work, or father, you guys meet like this, it or father, you guys meet like this, it or father, you guys meet like this, it feels very nice.   Thank feels very nice.   Thank feels very nice.   Thank you.  You are also good, ma'am. you.  You are also good, ma'am. you.  You are also good, ma'am. All of you, my subscribers, who All of you, my subscribers, who All of you, my subscribers, who meet me, I feel very good. meet me, I feel very good. meet me, I feel very good. And when you tell me that you like my And when you tell me that you like my And when you tell me that you like my blogs very much.  You have to blogs very much.  You have to blogs very much.  You have to meet me.  When you manifest, meet me.  When you manifest, meet me.  When you manifest, I feel very much like this after hearing this.  The heart becomes I feel very much like this after hearing this.  The heart becomes I feel very much like this after hearing this.  The heart becomes happy.  Thank you. happy.  Thank you. happy.  Thank you. Hi Guys.  So now it is the next day Hi Guys.  So now it is the next day Hi Guys.  So now it is the next day and this may not be my last video and this may not be my last video and this may not be my last video because after this I am going to have because after this I am going to have because after this I am going to have a small dental operation and I don't know whether a small dental operation and I don't know whether a small dental operation and I don't know whether I will be able to talk after that or not, I will be able to talk after that or not, I will be able to talk after that or not, then I will have to wear a mask then I will have to wear a mask then I will have to wear a mask and I don't know what my face is going to look like. and I don't know what my face is going to look like. and I don't know what my face is going to look like. I am feeling very scared I am feeling very scared I am feeling very scared and we have just come to a South Indian and we have just come to a South Indian and we have just come to a South Indian restaurant to have breakfast restaurant to have breakfast restaurant to have breakfast because after this I might have to because after this I might have to because after this I might have to eat liquid.  So this is my last solid eat liquid.  So this is my last solid eat liquid.  So this is my last solid meal.  Well, the videos will keep coming.  You don't meal.  Well, the videos will keep coming.  You don't meal.  Well, the videos will keep coming.  You don't worry.  I am just thinking of taking a break for worry.  I am just thinking of taking a break for worry.  I am just thinking of taking a break for a few days because I don't know a few days because I don't know a few days because I don't know how my teeth will look.  Mom, please how my teeth will look.  Mom, please how my teeth will look.  Mom, please see my face for the last time.  Look how my teeth look. see my face for the last time.  Look how my teeth look. Show it in the camera. Show it in the camera. Show it in the camera. Look at my teeth. Look at my teeth. Look at my teeth. How many are inside?  Look at this one, this one. How many are inside?  Look at this one, this one. How many are inside?  Look at this one, this one. It's very deep inside.   I do It's very deep inside.   I do It's very deep inside.   I do n't know what is going to happen to me today. n't know what is going to happen to me today. n't know what is going to happen to me today. It's inside.  Because of this, China looks a little different. It's inside.  Because of this, China looks a little different. So how will it happen now?  What will happen.  I am also So how will it happen now?  What will happen.  I am also So how will it happen now?  What will happen.  I am also feeling scared.  Therefore, we will feed him to his heart's content, whatever feeling scared.  Therefore, we will feed him to his heart's content, whatever feeling scared.  Therefore, we will feed him to his heart's content, whatever he wants.  Then after that you he wants.  Then after that you he wants.  Then after that you can drink liquid.   If you have can drink liquid.   If you have can drink liquid.   If you have pain in your teeth or you have sensitive teeth, then may pain in your teeth or you have sensitive teeth, then may everything be fine with you. everything be fine with you. everything be fine with you. All the best guys. All the best guys. All the best guys. Today is a big day for Kavya.  Life Today is a big day for Kavya.  Life Today is a big day for Kavya.  Life is about to change. is about to change. is about to change. Yes, life and teeth too. Yes, life and teeth too. Yes, life and teeth too. What is? What is? What is? He is always drunk, He is always drunk, He is always drunk, leave him alone, ignore him guys.  Look at this guys.  Here leave him alone, ignore him guys.  Look at this guys.  Here leave him alone, ignore him guys.  Look at this guys.  Here is our breakfast Onion Uttapam.  This is Idli is our breakfast Onion Uttapam.  This is Idli is our breakfast Onion Uttapam.  This is Idli Vada and Masala Dosa.  We came back after having this breakfast.  I am feeling Vada and Masala Dosa.  We came back after having this breakfast.  I am feeling Vada and Masala Dosa.  We came back after having this breakfast.  I am feeling a little nervous right now. a little nervous right now. a little nervous right now. I am feeling very scared right now.  Let us go. I am feeling very scared right now.  Let us go. I am feeling very scared right now.  Let us go. Now let's see what happens with Ka. Now let's see what happens with Ka. Now let's see what happens with Ka. I'm also scared, Guys. I'm also scared, Guys. I'm also scared, Guys. But I am not telling this.  I am But I am not telling this.  I am But I am not telling this.  I am telling this.  Come on, nothing happens. telling this.  Come on, nothing happens. telling this.  Come on, nothing happens. Everything will be fine.  I don't know what's going to happen to my teeth now.  I do Everything will be fine.  I don't know what's going to happen to my teeth now.  I do n't know how my face will look.  I might go n't know how my face will look.  I might go n't know how my face will look.  I might go on bed rest.  I couldn't talk for a few days. on bed rest.  I couldn't talk for a few days. on bed rest.  I couldn't talk for a few days. But don't worry.  We went on a trip to Goa with my aunt. But don't worry.  We went on a trip to Goa with my aunt. But don't worry.  We went on a trip to Goa with my aunt. His videos will keep coming.  So His videos will keep coming.  So His videos will keep coming.  So quickly like the video and subscribe to the channel quickly like the video and subscribe to the channel quickly like the video and subscribe to the channel and enjoy Goa videos. and enjoy Goa videos. and enjoy Goa videos.