Hello guys welcome back to my channel and today's video is we're going to do another product review using a hair treatment and excess having Meru Ndao Itone 90% is straightening FX. So yes guys you heard it right Meru Ndao Shang 90% is straightening FX. So if you would like to know how to do a hair treatment just keep on watching. So guys guys I'm going to show you a short history of hair treatment. So hair treatment is a damage to hair treatment and it's a major way to do a hair treatment and dry hair treatment. So we're going to do a hair treatment for hair treatment. So guys I'm going to do a hair treatment for Meru Ndao Shang 90% is straightening FX. So guys introducing the unique Brazilian straight hair botox. Now I'm going to do a hair treatment for Meru Ndao Shang 90% is straightening FX. So Meru Ndao Shang is going to do a hair treatment for Meru Ndao Shang. By the way Meru Ndao Shang is a white varient which is a yellow varient and a coconut lavender scent. So guys I'm adding first step is we have to rinse our clients hair using a clarifying shampoo to remove excess dirt and chemicals in the hair applied previously to Meru Ndao Shang and at the same time we have to remove the chemicals in the hair and then after that we have to rinse it up to 80% dry. So the procedure for this is to make a Brazilian blowout treatment. So guys I'm going to do a hair treatment for Meru Ndao Shang 90% is straightening FX. So guys it's time to apply the treatment and the other thing I'm going to do is the coconut lavender scent. I'm going to do a little observation at the application process. So guys I'm going to do a hair treatment for Meru Ndao Shang 90% is a very consistent product is for a very long time. I'm going to do a hair treatment for Meru Ndao Shang 90% is a very consistent product. So guys I'm going to do a hair treatment for Meru Ndao Shang 90% is a very consistent product. So after the hair treatment is done I'm going to apply it to Meru Ndao Shang 90% and same procedure for Tayo during the application process that it should be at least half inch away. So a little guys starting up for the hair treatment. So guys I'm going to do a hair treatment for Meru Ndao Shang 90% is for a very long time and I'm going to do a hair treatment for Meru Ndao Shang 90% is for a very long time. So guys I'm going to do a hair treatment for Meru Ndao Shang 90% is for a very long time and I'm going to do a hair treatment for Meru Ndao Shang 90% is for a very long time. So after I put it in I'm applying treatment for Meru Ndao Shang 90% so we're going to use a shower cap to incubate the hair treatment for Meru Ndao Shang 90% and then we're going to leave this for about 45 minutes to one hour and then we'll proceed to put Tayo's next step after a rain timer. So guys after an hour we're going to blow dry the hair 100% and then we're going to blow dry the hair 100% to the next step. So guys as you can see we're going to blow dry the hair 100% and then we're going to blow dry the hair 100% to the next step. So guys I'm going to blow dry the hair 100% to the next step. So guys I'm going to blow dry the hair 100% to the next step. So guys it's time to iron the hair of our client and then I'll proceed to put the hair in. So guys I'm going to blow dry the hair 100% to the next step. So for example, if you're a client and you're using a lower heat temperature like 160 degrees Celsius, then for example, color treated hair in a man, you can use 180 degrees and then for normal hair you can use 200 degrees Celsius. So guys this is only based on my experience. I'm an expert but I always make sure that I always take good care of the hair of my clients. So if you think that I'm doing good practice, then I'm going to blow dry the hair 100% to the next step. So guys I'm going to blow dry the hair 100% to the next step. So guys I'm going to blow dry the hair 100% to the next step. So guys I'm going to blow dry the hair 100% to the next step. So guys in the poem, final result is going to be the client after the final result. So guys if you liked this video, don't forget to hit the thumbs up button and subscribe to my channel at the same time and hit the notification bell to be updated for the next video upload. So again guys, please watch this video until the very end. I'm going to show you how to make this result after the final result. So guys this is going to be after the final result. So guys I'm going to blow dry the hair 100% to the next step. Thank you so much for watching and you do have a great day. Bye!