So hey what's up guys how are you all I am
your Niku and you are watching Niku Vlogs
guys look at this brother we are finally in Tokyo
today is our second day in Japan and
guys Chinu Harban are going to The Sumo Show
where sumo wrestling happens brother, the
famous guys of Japan brother we are
sitting in some corner of Tokyo in Japan, looking at the road,
looking at the houses here, eating and drinking,
look at this brother we are starting to make bikes, we are
making our own bikes brother these people are making their
own bikes
this show
let's give a go guys
finally we have watched the Sumo Show also.
One thing is brother, the people of Japan are very nice.
We had gone to the wrong place and the taxi
driver has specially come to drop us at the right place
without any money. Guys,
we only had one extra day
in Tokyo. And guys we could
n't go to Nobita's house.
We will be back in Tokyo again. Especially to
see Nobita's house. From Japan I will
go after visiting Nobita Doraemon's house. I will
visit their school. I will go to the park and see everything at their place.
Finally guys, right now we are going
from Tokyo to Mount Fudi.
So guys, we have finally reached
near Mount Fuji. And look at this Guys Temple
Japanese Temple. Look at it brother. I do
n't know but it should be done like this.
Yes, do one thing, pray to the Japanese God
because who knows your wish might come true.
Guys, everything is automatic here brother.
Money lending and taking.
Oh
brother, guys,
look at this brother, finally our room. Did
you see the bathroom,
brother?
So come on guys, finally both of us have washed and are
ready. The entire Mount Fajina Gais
is covered with clouds. So guys, you do so much work
where we have come, brother. There
is a famous Japanese roller coaster here. I am going to be very scared.
But let's go brother. Brother, there is a
cow fair going on in front. Guys brother, this
is a dangerous Japanese Royal Coaster brother,
brother, 87%
guys, friend brother, this is a very cool adventure park.
There are cute vibes and some very dangerous
swings too. Look brother, it seems as if I have
come to the dream world.
Now brother, let's go on very dangerous rides.
And guys, brother, the whole place is in the mountains.
Look at this guys, it is completely in the mountains.
So it looks even more beautiful in the mountains brother.
So guys, look here, here is the roller
coaster. Brother, we have to go inside it. Oh here it is, here it is, the
roller coaster.
Oh brother.
Brother, I will have to go to this.
Brother, we will stay just this much above the ground. It can make
our heads spin, brother. Let's
go inside it and see brother. It just
looks very dangerous.
Look, I feel like doing it
but I am also scared, friend.
This is a dangerous Japanese roller coaster, brother. We have
come here specially brother. Guys,
look at this brother, it is written in it.
You will fall from there, your speed will increase from there and you
will climb up from there.
It will swing us in four dimensions. Come on guys, finally we are leaving. They wo
n't let you take it here.
Brother guys guys, he had a
world record.
We don't even know.
This is the most intense roller coaster in the world.
Come down, come down. For
once, no sound came out of my mouth. My
breath got stuck in my chest, my
brother, it was very dangerous, brother,
brother, I turned around suddenly,
man, my body is really shaking, guys, I have
n't seen a stronger roller coaster than this, guys,
Chinu had fainted in the whole world,
brother, guys, there is 200 rupee water, I will
put a 500 rupee coin in the middle, see, now the rest will open
automatically, see, guys, I pressed this and it came out immediately, the
coins came inside it,
see, whenever the money gets opened, whether you
put notes or coins, brother, you
get everything here, guys, see, Coca Cola etc., they come
out as soon as you press the button
and swing, right, you got
scared, so come on, guys,
finally we went on another roller coaster, this one is going on,
brother,
come and see this, guys, I am not going at all,
brother, I have ridden it on two roller coasters, this one is not going now, I will
ride on any roller coaster, but I will
not go on any roller coaster in Japan, I do
n't know what kind of roller coaster it is, what is it, it is a trick of death, I
know here,
brother, don't get out of the roller coaster, brother, I am paying attention to each and every thing,
Brother, there is so much G-force, there is a
speed of 150, there is a speed of 200, it has been
designed in such a way as if a
flight crashes, it has been
designed in such a way that one gets scared at every thing, the
blood goes up and down, the heart of the body, their
world is an intense roller coaster, brother, it is intense,
people are shouting, brother, people are going out of the rudder in fear. I am
vomiting. The camera
cannot make a video. Guys are taking off my watch also.
Not even a handkerchief is left in the pocket.
Look, it's not just the shoes that are getting dirty.
Guys, look at this, even the shoes did not get dirty. You
look exactly like you have bought new shoes. I have been
roaming around all day for the last
two-three days. Brother, ever since I came to Japan, my
shoes have not gotten dirty at all.
Look guys, people are starting to relax here. It's about to be
6:00. It's
5:30. And
we haven't eaten anything yet. There is nothing
to eat here. I have
only eaten biscuits for two days. Guys, it's been two
days, it's too much brother.
We did not eat anything. I think I'm going to feel dizzy now, guys.
What to do? The last option
left is to stay alive brother.
Finally brother, we will have to eat Japanese food. Brother, now I feel like vomiting no matter what
because I am feeling
dizzy and I have heard that
people get troubled in the forest. So
should you eat insects too?
This is still Japanese food. Look
brother, finally we have brought all the Japanese
things. Guys, look at this famous matcha
drink here. This is real Japanese authentic matcha.
Matcha Ice Cream. And guys, look at this brother. These
are fruits brother. And look at this, guys, it was
something vegetarian chowmein type. Brother brought this also.
And guys, look at this brother, I have
brought potato waffle also brother. It is an amusement park, that is why I
got these types of things here,
otherwise I was not able to get even this outside.
This is also something different brother. And
look at this guys, this is also something brother. This is
something like noodles.
Maggi
Bhai Saheb, look at this guys, this is something
like Maggi but this is not Maggi.
Come on guys, let's try one by one brother. I will
eat whatever I like, brother.
So come on guys, let's finally try
all the things one by one. Brother, let's drink
this drink first. I am also liking this. There
is some lemon etc. in it.
Friend, let's try dirty things first.
Brother guys, this is a lemon drink and it
seems like the
drink has been made from the lemon peel. That bitterness is coming
brother. Let's
try the matcha drink.
Guy's Japanese Matcha drink is very good.
Brother, there is taste in this. You can drink it
all. Guys, I did
n't like this because it is bitter
brother. Fed me
grass. Fed me grass. Grass Moringa
Powder This is it brother. Friend, now the
taste of bitterness is coming, friend. Let's try the matcha ice cream too.
Matcha is a kind of grass-like taste. There is
no such test in India,
brother. In India, only green matcha
is seen and it tastes completely sweet. Brother, it seems as if I have
eaten moss.
Dry grass. Let's do
one thing guys. This is something, this is something
guys. Look, let's try this brother. There
is something inside it, friend.
Ok. What
guys, it is fried and cheese brother, I will not
eat it, it is
good,
we
enjoyed it, guys let's try this
brother, what is this thing, it has a
different taste than the world, I cannot even explain it,
I cannot tell this brother, there is
milk in strawberry, there is banana, I have never
eaten anything like that, that taste is there
in it, guys this is also something different
brother,
are the noodles good
? Don't do besti.
No brother, no.
Cut it and drop it down. It
's a continuous rubber, brother.
Is this rubber?
Yes. Do
n't have noodles?
No. I have
ordered so many things brother. Now this will
not be eaten. Don't want to waste food either.
But guys, we ordered it so that
we could have something to eat and something to eat on a
daily basis. Brother, I did not touch anything.
Guys, it's about to be 7:00 now brother. And
guys, we did a lot of rides here.
All the rides are so dangerous.
Brother, they are not allowing me to make videos anywhere. But there are many
dangerous rides here brother. Shall we go back
? Guys, this is brother, she is very
beautiful. Japan. The roller coasters are still rolling. The
moon has also risen.
Finally, I am thinking that before going to the hotel, let's go to the
hot springs in Japan.
I should
go and talk to him first.
Guys this is our first time here at Japanese Hotspring.
Guys are keeping the shoes here.
Brother, is this yours?
So there is hot water in hot springs.
Yes. Natural water is hot. The one with the
volcano?
Yes.
Like we used to see in Doraemon, there is spring
etc. We have come to that.
Brother brother brother brother guys
where did we enter brother? Guys, we had
come here to enjoy hot springs. Like
in Doraemon. Once
in Doraemon, Nobita goes to a hotspring.
And there he sees that all the brothers are without
clothes. Brother, we entered inside.
All the people are without clothes brother.
Brother Chinu got scared. Brother, people without clothes.
They have no shame.
I went inside. Brother, I got scared.
Now let us change our clothes and come. I am
wearing clothes brother. Are
? We wore clothes.
Guys, I even gave you the money brother. Now I do
n't feel like going inside. Brother,
as soon as we entered inside, guys, and brother, walking without
clothes is not allowed here at all.
Guys, we asked Chat GBT to check the rules.
Guys are saying that brother,
in the culture here it is not allowed to go inside wearing clothes.
Even a towel can't go inside,
brother. Even underwear can't go inside. So that's why
guys, these people go inside completely naked.
And brother, we cannot
enter like this.
Brother cannot enter.
Brother, as soon as I went inside, Chinu started shouting. Came
out fearfully. But brother, the
same Doraemon scene happened. Cancel
?
Brother, I gave the money, if you
gave the money, you can do anything,
brother, I am not a brother, it
feels strange like this, friend, we
are also here, how
can we do this among ourselves, friend, there are at
least 50 to 100 people inside, there are
50 to 100 people inside, guys,
we even paid the money, we did not go at all, brother, we came
back without bathing in the hot spring, it was
very strange brother, I am
feeling very strange brother,
we had to go to the hot spring, the water that comes out is
natural, as soon as we entered inside,
guys, 50 to 100 people, we saw the atmosphere and came
back, brother,
we cannot go, brother, like this, and there is one brother, brother,
brother, how can we go among ourselves like this, so
brother, that is why we did not go, guys, we paid a lot of
money for this thing and brother, we are going
back inside without bathing, brother, we
went to the hotel itself, brother,
why did I feel
bad, brother, 50 people inside, brother,
look at this, right now,
brother, this is their culture, friend, they do
not feel ashamed, but we do, friend, this is
not our culture, all the people, guys, brothers, boys,
girls, all So, something different has happened, so
guys, it's already 8:30 in the evening
and guys, everyone here is asleep. This
means that very few vehicles are running
here and taxis are not available at all.
We will have to walk for half an hour to reach the hotel
and the entire
route is deserted. I am feeling
scared, friend.
Guys, we saw something brother. What
is that? Guys, did we see something brother?
What was it brother?
Brother, something was going on. Don't be
afraid brother. Look at it brother. Starting to go through the sides of the forest.
Just brother,
reach the hotel quickly.
Brother, just go straight, we will reach the hotel.
Brother, look at the graveyard.
Brother, the scene is over, guys, we have reached the graveyard.
Brother,
look, this is a graveyard. Brother, no
graveyard. Brother,
please no,
now brother, we have no option to go. Guys, we have to
ask for a ride from here at night. Firstly, it is a
deserted place. Brother, on top of that, there are
fields and on the way, brother, I
saw a graveyard. I could not find a taxi.
Brother, I will send the guest here.
Not by going near the graveyard. Brother, you were the one who was saying that we will do the guesting.
Brother, I am seeing strange people on the way.
Mom
friend.
So come on guys, finally we have reached our hotel. Come on guys, we've
finally arrived at the hotel.
Well brother, it was a very different experience on the
way.
Really brother. There is a
lot of trouble here in Japan
brother, in everything. People here also
use English very little. Now look at this
remote brother. We had to run the AC. Brother, English is
not written anywhere. What should I do brother?
Now we have to guess with whom it will start.
So let's go guys finally arrived at the hotel.
And Guys is no joke. Meaning,
now things are becoming serious. Brother, I ca
n't tolerate it anymore. Guys know
what? All the restaurants have closed now,
brother. Can't find anything, anything.
We only saw one pizza shop. Brother, I
started ordering from her and she also
stopped ordering. Literally guys are hungry all day today.
Whatever I ate there, I
tried it a little bit. We ate only that and did
not eat anything else. Brother, I am having stomach
ache. Guys, I am
not able to understand anything right now. Brother, I have brought all this from below the hotel to
eat so that we can eat a little.
Brother, the guys are managing by drinking water.
Look guys, I brought this. I
thought they were peanuts. Brother, look what
is this? Try this and see
what you get? I don't understand the meaning.
And I don't know, it's a strange taste
brother. Look brother, we are not able to do our work with them. It
's the second day, brother. And brother, I am wondering how we will
manage in future. Brother, we will have to
think about this thing. Otherwise,
brother, we can do one thing. Meaning, bring
onions, tomatoes, cheese
etc. carefully from the shop. We prepare our own vegetables. From
where?
Guys, yesterday I finally got the bullet train done.
Tomorrow we are going far away from here to Kyoto in Japan's fastest bullet train.
Brother, let's see if we can find an
Indian restaurant there. Glucose is going down
brother. I am about to faint. So
brother, I am running this PP work.
I have brought it from home. If you take a normal
vegetarian vegetable also, brother. Its
taste is also different. I don't know what
sauce they add to it. Now guys, my blood pressure was also getting low.
Look at this brother, I have also brought salt from home.
I ate this salt.
Dry salt. Only then my BP got better
brother. Now we will also like home grown bitter gourds. Do you
know? I will
eat all the tinda and tori, tinda and tori, everything. But this cannot be
eaten.
Hey brother, I will eat taro too.
Some everything so
guys finally let's end the video.
This was in today's video. So
thank you so much guys. To watch this video. If you
like the video, please like, share and
subscribe. Is this your brother's
channel? So thank you so much. Buy and
take care.
