Okay. Hello. Welcome to this uh video. I Okay. Hello. Welcome to this uh video. I Okay. Hello. Welcome to this uh video. I know this is a bit of an odd one like know this is a bit of an odd one like know this is a bit of an odd one like all my content, but today we are doing all my content, but today we are doing all my content, but today we are doing an unboxing video. an unboxing video. an unboxing video. How do you do these things? So, in the How do you do these things? So, in the How do you do these things? So, in the mail yesterday, uh I received a very mail yesterday, uh I received a very mail yesterday, uh I received a very exciting package. About a month ago, I exciting package. About a month ago, I exciting package. About a month ago, I was given the opportunity to do a little was given the opportunity to do a little was given the opportunity to do a little bit of a collab with War Cry. I think bit of a collab with War Cry. I think bit of a collab with War Cry. I think that's how you say it. Wry War Cry. and that's how you say it. Wry War Cry. and that's how you say it. Wry War Cry. and they basically let me try out some of they basically let me try out some of they basically let me try out some of their stuff and it arrived today. So, their stuff and it arrived today. So, their stuff and it arrived today. So, I'm really excited to see I'm really excited to see I'm really excited to see uh what's uh what's uh what's see my design that's come to life see my design that's come to life see my design that's come to life basically. I'm I'm very excited. There's basically. I'm I'm very excited. There's basically. I'm I'm very excited. There's a few things in this one. There's a few a few things in this one. There's a few a few things in this one. There's a few different things. First of all, have the different things. First of all, have the different things. First of all, have the first package. I have no clue what first package. I have no clue what first package. I have no clue what what's in this one. I think it might be what's in this one. I think it might be what's in this one. I think it might be stickers. Oh, it is stickers. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Oh, that's so cute. Oh, they're adorable. Look at that. It's not focusing. Focus. Look at that. It's not focusing. Focus. Look at that. It's not focusing. Focus. Don't focus on me. Do I have to do the Don't focus on me. Do I have to do the Don't focus on me. Do I have to do the influencer thing where I have to like influencer thing where I have to like influencer thing where I have to like Hold it up so it focuses. Hold it up so it focuses. Hold it up so it focuses. Look how cute that is though. Oh my Look how cute that is though. Oh my Look how cute that is though. Oh my days. Oh, and then there's the donut days. Oh, and then there's the donut days. Oh, and then there's the donut ones. ones. ones. I got like I got like I got like So, the good thing about the uh war cry So, the good thing about the uh war cry So, the good thing about the uh war cry is you can do like so many custom is you can do like so many custom is you can do like so many custom options. So, like this one here, you options. So, like this one here, you options. So, like this one here, you can't see very well, but it's like can't see very well, but it's like can't see very well, but it's like if I tilt it around, if I tilt it around, if I tilt it around, it's like it's glittery. it's like it's glittery. it's like it's glittery. And it looks awesome. Oh my days, that And it looks awesome. Oh my days, that And it looks awesome. Oh my days, that looks so cool. looks so cool. looks so cool. All right. And then the last one. All right. And then the last one. All right. And then the last one. Last one is the screaming exalle. It Last one is the screaming exalle. It Last one is the screaming exalle. It doesn't really show up on camera, but it doesn't really show up on camera, but it doesn't really show up on camera, but it I think it's supposed to kind of have I think it's supposed to kind of have I think it's supposed to kind of have like a little hollow like a little hollow like a little hollow effect. Yeah. You can you can kind of effect. Yeah. You can you can kind of effect. Yeah. You can you can kind of see it in the camera there. I love it so much. Oh my days. Okay, so I love it so much. Oh my days. Okay, so I love it so much. Oh my days. Okay, so that's the stickers. that's the stickers. that's the stickers. We got so much more than that, though. We got so much more than that, though. We got so much more than that, though. All right, second package. All right, second package. All right, second package. What's this one? Forgot what it was. I What's this one? Forgot what it was. I What's this one? Forgot what it was. I actually for kind of forgot what I actually for kind of forgot what I actually for kind of forgot what I ordered. ordered. ordered. Yes. Oh my days. Oh my days. This is one Yes. Oh my days. Oh my days. This is one Yes. Oh my days. Oh my days. This is one I was really excited for. Hold on. Look. Look. Look. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. What's the word? What's the word? What's the word? Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. That looks so good. Oh Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. That looks so good. Oh Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. That looks so good. Oh my days. I love that. Oh, I'm looking my days. I love that. Oh, I'm looking my days. I love that. Oh, I'm looking forward to unboxing that one in a sec. forward to unboxing that one in a sec. forward to unboxing that one in a sec. All right. Hold on. Oh, I need to assemble it myself. Oh, I need to assemble it myself. Oh, I need to assemble it myself. Okay. Okay. So, look at this, guys. Okay. Okay. So, look at this, guys. Okay. Okay. So, look at this, guys. Hang on. Oh, let me let me let me Hang on. Oh, let me let me let me Hang on. Oh, let me let me let me simulate this and then I'll simulate this and then I'll simulate this and then I'll A few moments later. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Look how cute that is. I don't think Look how cute that is. I don't think Look how cute that is. I don't think I've done this right, but like I've done this right, but like I've done this right, but like look if you I don't know if you can cuz look if you I don't know if you can cuz look if you I don't know if you can cuz it's not going to focus unless I do the it's not going to focus unless I do the it's not going to focus unless I do the influencer thing. It's you can't really influencer thing. It's you can't really influencer thing. It's you can't really see it, but it's it's it's glittery and see it, but it's it's it's glittery and see it, but it's it's it's glittery and it's beautiful. Got my own custom cocoa it's beautiful. Got my own custom cocoa it's beautiful. Got my own custom cocoa kit keychain, guys. Oh my days. Let me kit keychain, guys. Oh my days. Let me kit keychain, guys. Oh my days. Let me know if you guys want one because I know if you guys want one because I know if you guys want one because I might look into that. You never know. might look into that. You never know. might look into that. You never know. This might be my new favorite thing This might be my new favorite thing This might be my new favorite thing ever. It's a little robot. That is the cutest thing I've ever seen. That is the cutest thing I've ever seen. That is the cutest thing I've ever seen. I'm Hold on. Look at it go Look at it go Look at it go or not. Look how adorable it is. And the or not. Look how adorable it is. And the or not. Look how adorable it is. And the last [music] thing that I ordered, this last [music] thing that I ordered, this last [music] thing that I ordered, this was just a bit of fun because like, was just a bit of fun because like, was just a bit of fun because like, you know, when you get the opportunity you know, when you get the opportunity you know, when you get the opportunity to do these, you do it. You know, to do these, you do it. You know, to do these, you do it. You know, I thought, you know, I thought, you know, I thought, you know, I don't really like my current mouse I don't really like my current mouse I don't really like my current mouse pad. Why not get a mouse pad with my art pad. Why not get a mouse pad with my art pad. Why not get a mouse pad with my art on it? It's so beautiful. No, no, cuz actually It's so beautiful. No, no, cuz actually It's so beautiful. No, no, cuz actually it's like cuz this is one of the more it's like cuz this is one of the more it's like cuz this is one of the more high quality artworks I've done, right? high quality artworks I've done, right? high quality artworks I've done, right? But it's actually such high quality and But it's actually such high quality and But it's actually such high quality and it's beautiful and I love it so much. it's beautiful and I love it so much. it's beautiful and I love it so much. Same with like everything else. Like Same with like everything else. Like Same with like everything else. Like it's such high quality. It's such like it's such high quality. It's such like it's such high quality. It's such like absolute perfection. I'm in love with absolute perfection. I'm in love with absolute perfection. I'm in love with everything here. The other thing I've everything here. The other thing I've everything here. The other thing I've forgot to mention about W cry is there's forgot to mention about W cry is there's forgot to mention about W cry is there's lots of custom options you can like as lots of custom options you can like as lots of custom options you can like as you can see this is one of the little you can see this is one of the little you can see this is one of the little bits they gave me for the keychain right bits they gave me for the keychain right bits they gave me for the keychain right there's so much more you can do I think there's so much more you can do I think there's so much more you can do I think it was a heart one you can do bows you it was a heart one you can do bows you it was a heart one you can do bows you can do any pretty much any shape any can do any pretty much any shape any can do any pretty much any shape any color you can as you can see I don't color you can as you can see I don't color you can as you can see I don't know if you can see with the little know if you can see with the little know if you can see with the little robot it's like a kind of a rainbow one robot it's like a kind of a rainbow one robot it's like a kind of a rainbow one you can do that but with keychains it's you can do that but with keychains it's you can do that but with keychains it's just super easy website to get around just super easy website to get around just super easy website to get around great prices amazing quality great prices amazing quality great prices amazing quality So many options. It's actually like So many options. It's actually like So many options. It's actually like hurts my head how many options there hurts my head how many options there hurts my head how many options there are. And like they even give you spare are. And like they even give you spare are. And like they even give you spare bits as well. Like I only got one bits as well. Like I only got one bits as well. Like I only got one keychain, but they gave me like keychain, but they gave me like keychain, but they gave me like five little key. There it goes. Five five little key. There it goes. Five five little key. There it goes. Five keychain bits. So I will definitely be keychain bits. So I will definitely be keychain bits. So I will definitely be using using using war cry in the future. I really enjoyed war cry in the future. I really enjoyed war cry in the future. I really enjoyed uh uh uh doing [music] this little collab. Thank doing [music] this little collab. Thank doing [music] this little collab. Thank you for allowing me to try out your you for allowing me to try out your you for allowing me to try out your products. I am doing a little giveaway products. I am doing a little giveaway products. I am doing a little giveaway of stickers over on my Instagram if you of stickers over on my Instagram if you of stickers over on my Instagram if you want to go check that out and maybe earn want to go check that out and maybe earn want to go check that out and maybe earn yourself win yourself some little yourself win yourself some little yourself win yourself some little [music] little freebies, some little [music] little freebies, some little [music] little freebies, some little goodies. So, the link is in the bio. goodies. So, the link is in the bio. goodies. So, the link is in the bio. So, yay. All right. Well, thank you for So, yay. All right. Well, thank you for So, yay. All right. Well, thank you for watching this silly little influencer watching this silly little influencer watching this silly little influencer video. There may be a few of those to video. There may be a few of those to video. There may be a few of those to come in the future. Who knows? Thanks come in the future. Who knows? Thanks come in the future. Who knows? Thanks for watching, guys. See [music] you for watching, guys. See [music] you for watching, guys. See [music] you later.