Hello there. I got another review for
you. So, let's get right down into this
deceptive product. Okay, this is called
the ice cream cone. And here's the
backstory. Okay? So, it's August. It's
humid as can be here just outside of
Piscataway. And I'll tell you what, I
come home and my first instinct is to
turn on that garden hose, douse myself
down, but then I got that wife of mine.
What are you doing with that garden
hose? Every day you got to come in
soaking wet, tracking in water, and then
you're ruining your your recliner that,
you know, was your great-grandfather's
because And then I hear the whole story
and she says, "I'll make it nice for
you, honey." "Hey!" she says to me, uh
"You got those new ice cream cones and
we got ice cream. How would you like a
cool treat?" So, I say, "That would be
wonderful. I would love a cool,
refreshing treat." And then as she sets
up the circular fans for me, I'm in my
favorite recliner, and then she brings
this out to me and I'm like, "What what
what I do What is this?" And she said,
"Those are your ice cream cones." I
said, "What kind of candy creation is
this?" So, I'm lapping down my ice
cream. I'm getting I'm getting packing
it down below the rim and I'm like, "All
right, let me go get a sweet crunch down
on this." Thinking like it's like what,
you know, when you got those movies and
they bash each other over the heads with
the candy bottles and the glass. I
thought maybe this is one of those candy
things and then I
buckled in one of my teeth. This is the
thing that's like hard plastic. This
isn't a cone. This is a cup. And that's
when it dawned on me. This is an ice
cream cone cup. And I'll go going down
the interwebs looking at ice cream cups
because you're going to find stuff you
can't unseek. So, I let you know, this
thing you know, you you're lapping down
the ice cream there and you want to you
get you get that, you know, you're
pushing down with your tongue and you
get that that end part where you you
can't dig down no more, so you start
chopping away at the sweet cookie and
then you get that that that bottom
ice cream mush part that surrounded by
the the cookie bottom and then you eat
that down like a champion and then and
then you got nothing left. You're
satisfied. You're cooled down. Your
hunger is attained and everything's
wonderful. This thing is a What am I?
Lady Liberty? I got to fill up this cup.
I got to hold all my head. Look look
look at what I got. It's like an ice
cream torch and what kind of joke is
this? And then and then you get your ice
cream down there. Like what am I? Some
sort of viper? You know, like a
Madagascan aardvark. You know, I'm you
know, I've got I got a short tongue
there and you know, is this a cup? You
know, now I got to go do work. I got to
go I got to dig around find a spoon and
I got to get a scrape that spoon to get
my treat and all that. You know, I got
to say save your $20 and 99 cents and go
down and get
to your local quick mart and you get the
dandy ice cream cone cups that made out
of cookies. You know, get the those
colored ones that you know, they always
taste the same. You get Oh, who's the
red one? Maybe it tastes like
strawberry, cherry and then you like no,
it just tastes like that biscuit one,
the the brown one. Why do they taste Why
make the different colors? Don't they
all taste the same? I you know, but at
least you could chop them down and be
satisfied when you eat them. This $20.99
for a four pack of cups,
I think I could just use a mug. If I
throw my ice cream in and I'll get a
spoon and I'll call it a day. If not,
I'll spend the $2 to get the real deals.
So, hopefully this saves you from some
trouble and some coin in that pocket of
yours. Until the next review. Ow, I'm
mint chocolate chip, my favorite.
