Hello there. I got another review for Hello there. I got another review for Hello there. I got another review for you. So, let's get right down into this you. So, let's get right down into this you. So, let's get right down into this deceptive product. Okay, this is called deceptive product. Okay, this is called deceptive product. Okay, this is called the ice cream cone. And here's the the ice cream cone. And here's the the ice cream cone. And here's the backstory. Okay? So, it's August. It's backstory. Okay? So, it's August. It's backstory. Okay? So, it's August. It's humid as can be here just outside of humid as can be here just outside of humid as can be here just outside of Piscataway. And I'll tell you what, I Piscataway. And I'll tell you what, I Piscataway. And I'll tell you what, I come home and my first instinct is to come home and my first instinct is to come home and my first instinct is to turn on that garden hose, douse myself turn on that garden hose, douse myself turn on that garden hose, douse myself down, but then I got that wife of mine. down, but then I got that wife of mine. down, but then I got that wife of mine. What are you doing with that garden What are you doing with that garden What are you doing with that garden hose? Every day you got to come in hose? Every day you got to come in hose? Every day you got to come in soaking wet, tracking in water, and then soaking wet, tracking in water, and then soaking wet, tracking in water, and then you're ruining your your recliner that, you're ruining your your recliner that, you're ruining your your recliner that, you know, was your great-grandfather's you know, was your great-grandfather's you know, was your great-grandfather's because And then I hear the whole story because And then I hear the whole story because And then I hear the whole story and she says, "I'll make it nice for and she says, "I'll make it nice for and she says, "I'll make it nice for you, honey." "Hey!" she says to me, uh you, honey." "Hey!" she says to me, uh you, honey." "Hey!" she says to me, uh "You got those new ice cream cones and "You got those new ice cream cones and "You got those new ice cream cones and we got ice cream. How would you like a we got ice cream. How would you like a we got ice cream. How would you like a cool treat?" So, I say, "That would be cool treat?" So, I say, "That would be cool treat?" So, I say, "That would be wonderful. I would love a cool, wonderful. I would love a cool, wonderful. I would love a cool, refreshing treat." And then as she sets refreshing treat." And then as she sets refreshing treat." And then as she sets up the circular fans for me, I'm in my up the circular fans for me, I'm in my up the circular fans for me, I'm in my favorite recliner, and then she brings favorite recliner, and then she brings favorite recliner, and then she brings this out to me and I'm like, "What what this out to me and I'm like, "What what this out to me and I'm like, "What what what I do What is this?" And she said, what I do What is this?" And she said, what I do What is this?" And she said, "Those are your ice cream cones." I "Those are your ice cream cones." I "Those are your ice cream cones." I said, "What kind of candy creation is said, "What kind of candy creation is said, "What kind of candy creation is this?" So, I'm lapping down my ice this?" So, I'm lapping down my ice this?" So, I'm lapping down my ice cream. I'm getting I'm getting packing cream. I'm getting I'm getting packing cream. I'm getting I'm getting packing it down below the rim and I'm like, "All it down below the rim and I'm like, "All it down below the rim and I'm like, "All right, let me go get a sweet crunch down right, let me go get a sweet crunch down right, let me go get a sweet crunch down on this." Thinking like it's like what, on this." Thinking like it's like what, on this." Thinking like it's like what, you know, when you got those movies and you know, when you got those movies and you know, when you got those movies and they bash each other over the heads with they bash each other over the heads with they bash each other over the heads with the candy bottles and the glass. I the candy bottles and the glass. I the candy bottles and the glass. I thought maybe this is one of those candy thought maybe this is one of those candy thought maybe this is one of those candy things and then I things and then I things and then I buckled in one of my teeth. This is the buckled in one of my teeth. This is the buckled in one of my teeth. This is the thing that's like hard plastic. This thing that's like hard plastic. This thing that's like hard plastic. This isn't a cone. This is a cup. And that's isn't a cone. This is a cup. And that's isn't a cone. This is a cup. And that's when it dawned on me. This is an ice when it dawned on me. This is an ice when it dawned on me. This is an ice cream cone cup. And I'll go going down cream cone cup. And I'll go going down cream cone cup. And I'll go going down the interwebs looking at ice cream cups the interwebs looking at ice cream cups the interwebs looking at ice cream cups because you're going to find stuff you because you're going to find stuff you because you're going to find stuff you can't unseek. So, I let you know, this can't unseek. So, I let you know, this can't unseek. So, I let you know, this thing you know, you you're lapping down thing you know, you you're lapping down thing you know, you you're lapping down the ice cream there and you want to you the ice cream there and you want to you the ice cream there and you want to you get you get that, you know, you're get you get that, you know, you're get you get that, you know, you're pushing down with your tongue and you pushing down with your tongue and you pushing down with your tongue and you get that that end part where you you get that that end part where you you get that that end part where you you can't dig down no more, so you start can't dig down no more, so you start can't dig down no more, so you start chopping away at the sweet cookie and chopping away at the sweet cookie and chopping away at the sweet cookie and then you get that that that bottom then you get that that that bottom then you get that that that bottom ice cream mush part that surrounded by ice cream mush part that surrounded by ice cream mush part that surrounded by the the cookie bottom and then you eat the the cookie bottom and then you eat the the cookie bottom and then you eat that down like a champion and then and that down like a champion and then and that down like a champion and then and then you got nothing left. You're then you got nothing left. You're then you got nothing left. You're satisfied. You're cooled down. Your satisfied. You're cooled down. Your satisfied. You're cooled down. Your hunger is attained and everything's hunger is attained and everything's hunger is attained and everything's wonderful. This thing is a What am I? wonderful. This thing is a What am I? wonderful. This thing is a What am I? Lady Liberty? I got to fill up this cup. Lady Liberty? I got to fill up this cup. Lady Liberty? I got to fill up this cup. I got to hold all my head. Look look I got to hold all my head. Look look I got to hold all my head. Look look look at what I got. It's like an ice look at what I got. It's like an ice look at what I got. It's like an ice cream torch and what kind of joke is cream torch and what kind of joke is cream torch and what kind of joke is this? And then and then you get your ice this? And then and then you get your ice this? And then and then you get your ice cream down there. Like what am I? Some cream down there. Like what am I? Some cream down there. Like what am I? Some sort of viper? You know, like a sort of viper? You know, like a sort of viper? You know, like a Madagascan aardvark. You know, I'm you Madagascan aardvark. You know, I'm you Madagascan aardvark. You know, I'm you know, I've got I got a short tongue know, I've got I got a short tongue know, I've got I got a short tongue there and you know, is this a cup? You there and you know, is this a cup? You there and you know, is this a cup? You know, now I got to go do work. I got to know, now I got to go do work. I got to know, now I got to go do work. I got to go I got to dig around find a spoon and go I got to dig around find a spoon and go I got to dig around find a spoon and I got to get a scrape that spoon to get I got to get a scrape that spoon to get I got to get a scrape that spoon to get my treat and all that. You know, I got my treat and all that. You know, I got my treat and all that. You know, I got to say save your $20 and 99 cents and go to say save your $20 and 99 cents and go to say save your $20 and 99 cents and go down and get down and get down and get to your local quick mart and you get the to your local quick mart and you get the to your local quick mart and you get the dandy ice cream cone cups that made out dandy ice cream cone cups that made out dandy ice cream cone cups that made out of cookies. You know, get the those of cookies. You know, get the those of cookies. You know, get the those colored ones that you know, they always colored ones that you know, they always colored ones that you know, they always taste the same. You get Oh, who's the taste the same. You get Oh, who's the taste the same. You get Oh, who's the red one? Maybe it tastes like red one? Maybe it tastes like red one? Maybe it tastes like strawberry, cherry and then you like no, strawberry, cherry and then you like no, strawberry, cherry and then you like no, it just tastes like that biscuit one, it just tastes like that biscuit one, it just tastes like that biscuit one, the the brown one. Why do they taste Why the the brown one. Why do they taste Why the the brown one. Why do they taste Why make the different colors? Don't they make the different colors? Don't they make the different colors? Don't they all taste the same? I you know, but at all taste the same? I you know, but at all taste the same? I you know, but at least you could chop them down and be least you could chop them down and be least you could chop them down and be satisfied when you eat them. This $20.99 satisfied when you eat them. This $20.99 satisfied when you eat them. This $20.99 for a four pack of cups, for a four pack of cups, for a four pack of cups, I think I could just use a mug. If I I think I could just use a mug. If I I think I could just use a mug. If I throw my ice cream in and I'll get a throw my ice cream in and I'll get a throw my ice cream in and I'll get a spoon and I'll call it a day. If not, spoon and I'll call it a day. If not, spoon and I'll call it a day. If not, I'll spend the $2 to get the real deals. I'll spend the $2 to get the real deals. I'll spend the $2 to get the real deals. So, hopefully this saves you from some So, hopefully this saves you from some So, hopefully this saves you from some trouble and some coin in that pocket of trouble and some coin in that pocket of trouble and some coin in that pocket of yours. Until the next review. Ow, I'm yours. Until the next review. Ow, I'm yours. Until the next review. Ow, I'm mint chocolate chip, my favorite.