Look how beautiful the sunset looks
right now. Oh my god.
I told my coach that I don't want to
lose my boobs during this [music]
program. Probably going to get rained on
going to the grocery store, but it's
fine.
Every single time that I wear it,
everyone always asks me [music] what it
is.
Little update is I'm going on a podcast.
Hello you guys, welcome back to my
YouTube channel. If you're new here,
welcome. My name is Brenda. So excited
that you guys are here for this week's
vlog because we are locking in for the
next 12 weeks. Well, honestly for the
next 12 months, but specifically for the
next 12 weeks because in less than 12
weeks we have Hyrox, and I said this in
my previous vlog. I literally looked at
the date and thought to myself like, so
how am I going to do this race if I
actually am not training for it
properly. I'm not eating enough. I don't
even know how much I should be running.
I don't know how much I should be
eating. I've never trained for a Hyrox
before. So, what did I do? I invested in
a coach. She is taking me through the
full 12 weeks specifically for Hyrox and
focusing on my nutrition, dialing in
with that, dialing in with hydration,
dialing in with my morning routine,
dialing in with night time routine. Like
we fully are getting our foundation set
and [music] ready. Not just for the
race, but for life. I have been going
back and forth with getting a coach for
the longest time because I know that I
want to be held to a higher standard,
and I thought that I could do it on my
own, but I can't. And that is okay. It
is okay to ask for help. It is okay to
have someone else guide you and tell you
exactly what you need to do. Also, it's
a privilege, you know, like being able
to invest in yourself specifically in
this manner is so important. It's
honestly truly amazing, so I'm proud of
myself for being in a place where I can
invest in myself in this way, and also
proud of myself for putting myself to
the standard and holding myself to the
standard because I know that I can and
so much. I just need that extra push
right now. Today's Sunday. It is 5:23
p.m. It is about to downpour here in
Tampa. We're currently in hurricane
season, so it's beautiful during the day
and then at night or right around this
time it we have like scattered
thunderstorms. So, probably going to get
rained on going to the grocery store,
but it's fine. Our food preps and our
meal preps need to be done today. I
always said that if I don't meal prep on
Sunday, my food throughout the week
looks very sporadic. Like I'm either
going to Chipotle and getting a bowl or
I'm going to Naked Farmer and getting a
bowl or I'm like getting like a local
meal prep around here, but like it's not
consistent. [music]
And now that I'm going to be tracking my
macros and making sure that I'm eating
enough, I need to have this food prepped
for me in the fridge so I can just grab
it, heat it up, and go because anytime
that I tell myself that I'm going to
cook it on the spot during a work day,
it's not going to happen. I'm going to
be the first person to order out. So,
I'm trying to minimize any way that I
can cut corners and hold myself to that
standard. So, today we're meal prepping.
I just laid out all the food that I'm
going to be eating for the week. And
when it comes down to me getting back on
track and tracking my macros, I'm very
basic with my meals. Breakfast, I'll
have three eggs, sourdough bread with
cottage cheese and honey. For lunch,
I'll have a chicken, rice, and a veg.
Dinner, I'll have ground beef, sweet
potato, avocado. And then for a snack, I
typically just have rice cakes with
peanut butter or Greek yogurt and fruit.
Very basic, very simple, but it is the
easiest way to know exactly what you're
eating and exactly what you're tracking.
And you can't really miss when you know
exactly what you're putting into your
body. So, let's go to the grocery store.
My Sunday outfit for getting locked in
is a little questionable right now, but
you know what? We're getting it done. I
always get asked about this sweatshirt.
I got it from Abercrombie a while ago.
And no, I wouldn't say I'm a Cowboys
fan. I
just like the way that it looks from the
front, and then these sweats are on her.
They're so cute and comfortable. I look
like a bum, but when you're dressed like
a bum, that's actually when more things
happen because you're locked in. So,
this is the lock-in outfit.
I just got this, and I need it right
now. These are my favorite shakes from
Oikos. It's the Oikos Pro, 23 g of
protein, strawberry banana. So good.
Like, you're telling me this entire
bottle has 23 g of protein.
Oikos, I love you.
Look how beautiful the sunset looks
right now. Oh my gosh.
Good morning and happy Monday. It is a
brand new week and we are officially on
day one of my plan. So excited to start.
I woke up this morning around 6:30.
Planned everything out for my week of
content and read a little bit. Now, I
just got ready. I'm also filming an
Instagram reel, so that's why I was a
little MIA from the YouTube vlog. But I
just made my electrolytes. My goal is to
have three of these Hydrant drugs a day
and I'm starting out with a packet of
electrolytes because we need to be
better about hydration and also just
making sure that we're drinking enough.
So, since I've been starting in the
morning, this has been a priority. I am
having a little mini apple before the
gym making sure that I'm eating before.
I've been having a habit prior to not
eating anything before the gym and just
going fasted and the reason was because
I just don't like going to the gym on a
full stomach. So I'm trying to find like
the happy balance between still feeling
myself but not like feeling overly
stuffed. So obviously focusing on a carb
before a workout so we have some energy.
I just got this mini apple and it's like
a perfect snack. So I want to walk you
guys through my plan because I got it
last night. So a little bit of an
overview. Again, we're training for
Hyrox which is the end of October so I'm
11 weeks out. I have three phases that
I'm going into. I'm going into a base
build for the first
four weeks and then the next four weeks
I am going into a specific prep and the
last few weeks I'm going into peak /
race specific training splits. So for
the base build week one Monday my day
today is strength. So we're doing a back
squat four sets of five, barbell hip
thrust four sets of eight, deadlift
three sets of five, walking lunges three
sets of 10 each leg, push press four
sets of six, and then a pull up or a row
four sets of eight. So that is my
strength day. Tomorrow is Tuesday so
that's my running intervals day. I go to
this club here called Happy Pace Run
Club and I like doing my running
intervals there because I'm not doing it
alone. I'm doing it with a lot of other
people and I feel like it brings me
community. So I'm going to be doing my
running intervals there tomorrow. And
then Wednesday I have an off day so I
have a rest which is new to me because
I've never had a rest day in the middle
of the week. It's usually always on the
weekend. So I'm excited to have a little
bit of a different split. And then
Thursday I have a conditioning day so
this will be four rounds of a 1000 meter
run, 500 meter skierg, 20 wall balls,
and two minutes rest in between or after
I finish all of those and I do that four
times. And then I now have a threshold
run on Friday which is my day four. So,
this is a 30 to 40-minute tempo run at
zone three. Another thing that I am now
being absolutely dialed with is my
Garmin. I have been like very bad at
charging my smartwatches before, but now
that I genuinely need to know a what
heart rate and zone I'm at, I also want
to make sure that I'm getting enough
steps in and it also tracks my sleep.
So, we're going to be focusing on
charging this watch religiously. And
then the last day, which is Saturday, is
my day five. It's a glute accessory
recovery day. I told my coach that I
don't want to lose my glutes during this
program. I know that we're going to be
doing a lot of running. Hyrox is a
running race. It's still important for
me to not lose my physique, specifically
glutes. So, I have glute accessory
movements, like single-leg hip thrust,
cable kickbacks, hip abduction, lateral
raises, calf raise, and some mobility.
So, I think she also sprinkled in some
upper body there as well. So, that is my
full week. Honestly, when I saw this
workout plan, I was like, "Whoa." This
is my first time that I haven't had a
like leg day, upper body day, full body
day, you know, like bodybuilding split.
This is very different. Her clients have
seen great results with this, also with
the Hyrox, and I am interested in seeing
how my body responds to a different
program um
with two strength days versus like a
lot. So, we shall see. Obviously, I'm
still moving my body and it's a lot of
conditioning, but I do have the goal of
recomping and losing a bit of body fat,
so hopefully this does it all. Now that
I've been talking for the past hour to
my camera. That being said, let's go and
hit day one.
Oliola, [music]
in the give me, give me.
Oliola,
in the baby, baby.
Oliola, [singing]
in the give me,
all
your love.
Baby, baby, baby,
all your love.
Baby, [music] give me, give me,
all your love.
Baby, baby, baby, [music]
all
your love.
Baby, give me, give me,
all
your love.
Baby, baby, baby,
Hello, happy Tuesday. I just finished my
track Tuesday workout and guys, let me
tell you
it always humbles me. Every single time
that I think that I'm mentally prepared
for it at 6:00 a.m. I'm just not. Like I
literally woke up and I was like, I
can't even talk to the vlog right now
because I need to talk to myself and
hype myself up, but I'm happy that I
pushed through and I got it done. It was
six rounds of 3 minutes and 30 seconds
on and 90 seconds off and I was pushing.
So, we got it done. I got a coffee as
well. I have a hair appointment
at 9:00, so in 15 minutes. So, um I'm
getting a blowout because I have a lot
of content to film today. There's a new
Honor drop, so I'm going to be doing a
try-on there. And I also want to do a
try-on haul with all the new Aritzia
things that I got. I've been trying to
up my style and focus on getting a bunch
of basics. So, this past weekend I got a
big, big, big amount of clothes from
Aritzia. So, I want to do a try-on haul
for YouTube and Instagram to show you
guys everything that I got. So,
first getting our hair done. I'm not uh
washing it right now, so this is still a
little sweaty and I'm just doing some
skin care and putting myself together so
that I can head over to this hair
appointment. Little outfit check. I kind
of like it looks very bummy, but it's
cute. These sweats are from Honor
Active. This top is from Aritzia. Bag is
Bottega. I use this bag all the time. I
got it in Italy when I went on my solo
trip last year and I love her so much.
And also, I got this little emblem here,
the B. So, I love that but customized.
Also, my everyday scent that I've been
loving and obsessed with is this
Burberry Her Elixir. It smells so good.
Every single time that I wear it,
everyone always asks me what it is.
Literally smells so fruity, feminine,
and airy, if that makes sense. Guys,
something else that I have not said to
you guys, little update, is I'm going on
a podcast. I'm going on a podcast this
Thursday. So, we're traveling to LA for
literally less than 48 hours, more like
36.
And I'm going to be on Being Humans'
podcast, which is Leana Deeb's podcast
that she
I feel like recently started, but it has
been taking off. Honestly, Leana has
been somebody that I have followed for a
very, very long time. I feel like I
followed her even before I started
lifting and also before I even started
my social media account. To now be on
her podcast and to be able to connect
and relate and share stories is very
full circle, but also something very
exciting. I love connecting with other
creators, especially ones that I really
look up to and admire, and I admire her
work ethic, I admire her authenticity, I
admire just how disciplined she is. And
also, she is
my age, or maybe a year younger than me.
She might be 24, I'm 25. But, she has
accomplished so much in her early 20s,
and she's also very wise and has a great
head on her shoulders. So, I'm very
excited to meet her, talk to her, be on
her podcast, and also push myself out of
my comfort zone. Being able to speak on
someone else's platform is always
something that I have wanted the
opportunity to do, specifically in a
podcast standpoint, and I feel like I've
been held back in many areas because I
just I feel comfortable maybe like
talking to my audience, but sometimes
when it comes down to like someone
else's camera and someone else's
platform, I'm like, like it's like
public speaking a little bit. But, this
is like out of my comfort zone, but
something that I genuinely have always
wanted to do. I'm excited. I'm excited
to go on. I'm excited to take you guys
along behind the scenes cuz I'm going to
be vlogging this entire week. And yeah,
yay to new opportunities, yay to
stepping into our best versions of
ourselves, literally just owning the
week. Let's go.
So, we time traveled. We're now in LA.
Guys, yesterday after my hair, I just
had to get straight to work, straight to
content, and I pushed back my flight to
LA to the day that I have to film
podcast. I was supposed to leave last
night, Wednesday, and to be honest, I
did not feel my best. I was just
crashing out completely. I had a lot of
anxiety on my head, my mind, and it was
just I hate when I get those episodes
because I just feel so debilitated, but
I, you know, am working with my
life coach who is helping me kind of
like sort through these feelings and see
how I can manage them. I just knew that
I did not want to be on a plane, and I'm
happy that I did that for myself because
I woke up today in way better spirit, a
better head space, and to be honest,
that was more important than
just going and not feeling my best. So,
you know, this morning is already been
eventful. I woke up at 5:00 a.m., got to
the airport, 7:00 a.m. flight, slept the
entire morning, launched my Believe with
Us event tickets literally mid-flight. I
actually gave my friend my login to my
Instagram because
I I was scared that I wasn't able to
post from the air. So, my friend posted
it for me, and here I am checking the
site tickets to see what the tickets are
looking like, and they sold out in
literally 4 minutes.
I was getting so many DMs
um asking like, "Where's the ticket,
girl? Like, the link's not working." So,
here I am on the flight just like, "Oh
my god, is it not working?" But, just
turns out we sold out really quickly.
So, I'm feeling really good, really
blessed,
and just so grateful that I have people
coming, women coming from all over
the world. Like, I looked at the
spreadsheet. I have girls coming from
the Cayman Islands, all over the US,
like, outside of the country. I'm like,
"Oh my gosh." So, this is going to be an
incredible event. I feel so blessed to
have a community that, you know, wants
to support me, not even just locally,
but from afar. It's It makes my day, and
it makes my heart so warm. I feel like
this is like the perfect head space that
I need to be in pre-podcast. Today is
the podcast with Leanne D. It's Being
Human. I am so excited to be on it. I
know I was telling you guys earlier, but
she's incredible. She is an amazing
human being. I love her story. I love
the way that she thinks. So, I am really
excited to just have a conversation with
her. I'm trying to like not psych myself
out and tell myself that it's public
speaking or that it's something that I
need to prepare for because at the end
of the day, I just need to show up as
myself. I just need to show up and be
me. Telling myself that instead of just
kind of telling myself, "Oh, I need to
look at the questions. I need to see
what we're talking about." Cuz to be
honest, I have no idea what we're going
to be talking about. I don't know the
questions. I don't know anything. I just
have to go and show up
and be me. I'm not, you know, 10:00 a.m.
The podcast is at 2:00. So, I'm going to
Uber to my airport, change, get ready,
hop on the podcast. I kind of feel
uh like this is so funny. It's like me
launching tickets
in the air,
going back to the hotel, showering,
changing, going on a podcast, then
pretty much going home. I'm like, bus,
plane, another bus, plane, like no
sleep.
Bus, club, another club, another club,
plane, next place, no sleep. I kind of
love it. Like,
life is so great. I'm in great spirits.
So, I basically just got ready in like
20 minutes.
But, we're making it. I'm supposed to be
there at 1:50 and I'm getting there at
1:52. So, that's a win for me because I
need to get better at being on time on
things. And 2 minutes late is better
than 10.
We can't be late for Miss Lana.
But, wish me luck, guys.
Hello and welcome back to another
episode of Being Human. I am sitting
with someone who is honestly so amazing.
Energy just radiates and I just
Good morning. It is 5:11 on Friday and I
just need to give you guys a little bit
of a recap of the podcast. It was so
good. Wow, Leanna is incredible, is a
gem, and the conversation that we had
was so so nice and it's like it was in
like my my free flow. I like the nerves
completely just left the second that I
sat down and it was something that was
It was so good. I loved it so much. I'm
excited for you guys to watch it. I
think it comes out in like November
maybe, I don't know. That's what I was
told. So, I can't wait for it to be
released and now I have to head to the
gym. It's 5:00 a.m. I'm going to go on
my 30-minute run and then I'm going to
do some core as well. I was supposed to
do it yesterday, but honestly, I was so
tired from my travel and coming back.
Like I just wanted to sleep. So, I got a
ton of sleep last night. So, now I'm
going to, like I said, go on my run and
then I am going to head over to LAX
because I have my flight and then when I
land, I'm going to go to the gym. So,
technically today is a two-a-day. Okay,
I told myself that that is what the day
was going to be if I didn't go to the
gym yesterday cuz I want to finish my
plan and then Saturday tomorrow is my
like glute accessory day. So, yeah, I'm
feeling good about my plan. I think the
one thing that I'm just trying to like
build back up on is like a routine and I
know that this week was a little
different cuz I was traveling. Of
course, on like the first week that I
have my routine, it was a bit
challenging, but we're still getting it
done and I'm excited about it. So, yeah,
let's go on our run.
Mhm.
