Look how beautiful the sunset looks Look how beautiful the sunset looks Look how beautiful the sunset looks right now. Oh my god. I told my coach that I don't want to I told my coach that I don't want to I told my coach that I don't want to lose my boobs during this [music] lose my boobs during this [music] lose my boobs during this [music] program. Probably going to get rained on program. Probably going to get rained on program. Probably going to get rained on going to the grocery store, but it's going to the grocery store, but it's going to the grocery store, but it's fine. Every single time that I wear it, Every single time that I wear it, Every single time that I wear it, everyone always asks me [music] what it everyone always asks me [music] what it everyone always asks me [music] what it is. Little update is I'm going on a podcast. Little update is I'm going on a podcast. Little update is I'm going on a podcast. Hello you guys, welcome back to my Hello you guys, welcome back to my Hello you guys, welcome back to my YouTube channel. If you're new here, YouTube channel. If you're new here, YouTube channel. If you're new here, welcome. My name is Brenda. So excited welcome. My name is Brenda. So excited welcome. My name is Brenda. So excited that you guys are here for this week's that you guys are here for this week's that you guys are here for this week's vlog because we are locking in for the vlog because we are locking in for the vlog because we are locking in for the next 12 weeks. Well, honestly for the next 12 weeks. Well, honestly for the next 12 weeks. Well, honestly for the next 12 months, but specifically for the next 12 months, but specifically for the next 12 months, but specifically for the next 12 weeks because in less than 12 next 12 weeks because in less than 12 next 12 weeks because in less than 12 weeks we have Hyrox, and I said this in weeks we have Hyrox, and I said this in weeks we have Hyrox, and I said this in my previous vlog. I literally looked at my previous vlog. I literally looked at my previous vlog. I literally looked at the date and thought to myself like, so the date and thought to myself like, so the date and thought to myself like, so how am I going to do this race if I how am I going to do this race if I how am I going to do this race if I actually am not training for it actually am not training for it actually am not training for it properly. I'm not eating enough. I don't properly. I'm not eating enough. I don't properly. I'm not eating enough. I don't even know how much I should be running. even know how much I should be running. even know how much I should be running. I don't know how much I should be I don't know how much I should be I don't know how much I should be eating. I've never trained for a Hyrox eating. I've never trained for a Hyrox eating. I've never trained for a Hyrox before. So, what did I do? I invested in before. So, what did I do? I invested in before. So, what did I do? I invested in a coach. She is taking me through the a coach. She is taking me through the a coach. She is taking me through the full 12 weeks specifically for Hyrox and full 12 weeks specifically for Hyrox and full 12 weeks specifically for Hyrox and focusing on my nutrition, dialing in focusing on my nutrition, dialing in focusing on my nutrition, dialing in with that, dialing in with hydration, with that, dialing in with hydration, with that, dialing in with hydration, dialing in with my morning routine, dialing in with my morning routine, dialing in with my morning routine, dialing in with night time routine. Like dialing in with night time routine. Like dialing in with night time routine. Like we fully are getting our foundation set we fully are getting our foundation set we fully are getting our foundation set and [music] ready. Not just for the and [music] ready. Not just for the and [music] ready. Not just for the race, but for life. I have been going race, but for life. I have been going race, but for life. I have been going back and forth with getting a coach for back and forth with getting a coach for back and forth with getting a coach for the longest time because I know that I the longest time because I know that I the longest time because I know that I want to be held to a higher standard, want to be held to a higher standard, want to be held to a higher standard, and I thought that I could do it on my and I thought that I could do it on my and I thought that I could do it on my own, but I can't. And that is okay. It own, but I can't. And that is okay. It own, but I can't. And that is okay. It is okay to ask for help. It is okay to is okay to ask for help. It is okay to is okay to ask for help. It is okay to have someone else guide you and tell you have someone else guide you and tell you have someone else guide you and tell you exactly what you need to do. Also, it's exactly what you need to do. Also, it's exactly what you need to do. Also, it's a privilege, you know, like being able a privilege, you know, like being able a privilege, you know, like being able to invest in yourself specifically in to invest in yourself specifically in to invest in yourself specifically in this manner is so important. It's this manner is so important. It's this manner is so important. It's honestly truly amazing, so I'm proud of honestly truly amazing, so I'm proud of honestly truly amazing, so I'm proud of myself for being in a place where I can myself for being in a place where I can myself for being in a place where I can invest in myself in this way, and also invest in myself in this way, and also invest in myself in this way, and also proud of myself for putting myself to proud of myself for putting myself to proud of myself for putting myself to the standard and holding myself to the the standard and holding myself to the the standard and holding myself to the standard because I know that I can and standard because I know that I can and standard because I know that I can and so much. I just need that extra push so much. I just need that extra push so much. I just need that extra push right now. Today's Sunday. It is 5:23 right now. Today's Sunday. It is 5:23 right now. Today's Sunday. It is 5:23 p.m. It is about to downpour here in p.m. It is about to downpour here in p.m. It is about to downpour here in Tampa. We're currently in hurricane Tampa. We're currently in hurricane Tampa. We're currently in hurricane season, so it's beautiful during the day season, so it's beautiful during the day season, so it's beautiful during the day and then at night or right around this and then at night or right around this and then at night or right around this time it we have like scattered time it we have like scattered time it we have like scattered thunderstorms. So, probably going to get thunderstorms. So, probably going to get thunderstorms. So, probably going to get rained on going to the grocery store, rained on going to the grocery store, rained on going to the grocery store, but it's fine. Our food preps and our but it's fine. Our food preps and our but it's fine. Our food preps and our meal preps need to be done today. I meal preps need to be done today. I meal preps need to be done today. I always said that if I don't meal prep on always said that if I don't meal prep on always said that if I don't meal prep on Sunday, my food throughout the week Sunday, my food throughout the week Sunday, my food throughout the week looks very sporadic. Like I'm either looks very sporadic. Like I'm either looks very sporadic. Like I'm either going to Chipotle and getting a bowl or going to Chipotle and getting a bowl or going to Chipotle and getting a bowl or I'm going to Naked Farmer and getting a I'm going to Naked Farmer and getting a I'm going to Naked Farmer and getting a bowl or I'm like getting like a local bowl or I'm like getting like a local bowl or I'm like getting like a local meal prep around here, but like it's not meal prep around here, but like it's not meal prep around here, but like it's not consistent. [music] consistent. [music] consistent. [music] And now that I'm going to be tracking my And now that I'm going to be tracking my And now that I'm going to be tracking my macros and making sure that I'm eating macros and making sure that I'm eating macros and making sure that I'm eating enough, I need to have this food prepped enough, I need to have this food prepped enough, I need to have this food prepped for me in the fridge so I can just grab for me in the fridge so I can just grab for me in the fridge so I can just grab it, heat it up, and go because anytime it, heat it up, and go because anytime it, heat it up, and go because anytime that I tell myself that I'm going to that I tell myself that I'm going to that I tell myself that I'm going to cook it on the spot during a work day, cook it on the spot during a work day, cook it on the spot during a work day, it's not going to happen. I'm going to it's not going to happen. I'm going to it's not going to happen. I'm going to be the first person to order out. So, be the first person to order out. So, be the first person to order out. So, I'm trying to minimize any way that I I'm trying to minimize any way that I I'm trying to minimize any way that I can cut corners and hold myself to that can cut corners and hold myself to that can cut corners and hold myself to that standard. So, today we're meal prepping. standard. So, today we're meal prepping. standard. So, today we're meal prepping. I just laid out all the food that I'm I just laid out all the food that I'm I just laid out all the food that I'm going to be eating for the week. And going to be eating for the week. And going to be eating for the week. And when it comes down to me getting back on when it comes down to me getting back on when it comes down to me getting back on track and tracking my macros, I'm very track and tracking my macros, I'm very track and tracking my macros, I'm very basic with my meals. Breakfast, I'll basic with my meals. Breakfast, I'll basic with my meals. Breakfast, I'll have three eggs, sourdough bread with have three eggs, sourdough bread with have three eggs, sourdough bread with cottage cheese and honey. For lunch, cottage cheese and honey. For lunch, cottage cheese and honey. For lunch, I'll have a chicken, rice, and a veg. I'll have a chicken, rice, and a veg. I'll have a chicken, rice, and a veg. Dinner, I'll have ground beef, sweet Dinner, I'll have ground beef, sweet Dinner, I'll have ground beef, sweet potato, avocado. And then for a snack, I potato, avocado. And then for a snack, I potato, avocado. And then for a snack, I typically just have rice cakes with typically just have rice cakes with typically just have rice cakes with peanut butter or Greek yogurt and fruit. peanut butter or Greek yogurt and fruit. peanut butter or Greek yogurt and fruit. Very basic, very simple, but it is the Very basic, very simple, but it is the Very basic, very simple, but it is the easiest way to know exactly what you're easiest way to know exactly what you're easiest way to know exactly what you're eating and exactly what you're tracking. eating and exactly what you're tracking. eating and exactly what you're tracking. And you can't really miss when you know And you can't really miss when you know And you can't really miss when you know exactly what you're putting into your exactly what you're putting into your exactly what you're putting into your body. So, let's go to the grocery store. body. So, let's go to the grocery store. body. So, let's go to the grocery store. My Sunday outfit for getting locked in My Sunday outfit for getting locked in My Sunday outfit for getting locked in is a little questionable right now, but is a little questionable right now, but is a little questionable right now, but you know what? We're getting it done. I you know what? We're getting it done. I you know what? We're getting it done. I always get asked about this sweatshirt. always get asked about this sweatshirt. always get asked about this sweatshirt. I got it from Abercrombie a while ago. I got it from Abercrombie a while ago. I got it from Abercrombie a while ago. And no, I wouldn't say I'm a Cowboys And no, I wouldn't say I'm a Cowboys And no, I wouldn't say I'm a Cowboys fan. I fan. I fan. I just like the way that it looks from the just like the way that it looks from the just like the way that it looks from the front, and then these sweats are on her. front, and then these sweats are on her. front, and then these sweats are on her. They're so cute and comfortable. I look They're so cute and comfortable. I look They're so cute and comfortable. I look like a bum, but when you're dressed like like a bum, but when you're dressed like like a bum, but when you're dressed like a bum, that's actually when more things a bum, that's actually when more things a bum, that's actually when more things happen because you're locked in. So, happen because you're locked in. So, happen because you're locked in. So, this is the lock-in outfit. >> [music] >> I just got this, and I need it right >> I just got this, and I need it right >> I just got this, and I need it right now. These are my favorite shakes from now. These are my favorite shakes from now. These are my favorite shakes from Oikos. It's the Oikos Pro, 23 g of Oikos. It's the Oikos Pro, 23 g of Oikos. It's the Oikos Pro, 23 g of protein, strawberry banana. So good. protein, strawberry banana. So good. protein, strawberry banana. So good. Like, you're telling me this entire Like, you're telling me this entire Like, you're telling me this entire bottle has 23 g of protein. bottle has 23 g of protein. bottle has 23 g of protein. Oikos, I love you. >> [music] >> Look how beautiful the sunset looks >> Look how beautiful the sunset looks >> Look how beautiful the sunset looks right now. Oh my gosh. right now. Oh my gosh. right now. Oh my gosh. >> [music] >> Good morning and happy Monday. It is a >> Good morning and happy Monday. It is a >> Good morning and happy Monday. It is a brand new week and we are officially on brand new week and we are officially on brand new week and we are officially on day one of my plan. So excited to start. day one of my plan. So excited to start. day one of my plan. So excited to start. I woke up this morning around 6:30. I woke up this morning around 6:30. I woke up this morning around 6:30. Planned everything out for my week of Planned everything out for my week of Planned everything out for my week of content and read a little bit. Now, I content and read a little bit. Now, I content and read a little bit. Now, I just got ready. I'm also filming an just got ready. I'm also filming an just got ready. I'm also filming an Instagram reel, so that's why I was a Instagram reel, so that's why I was a Instagram reel, so that's why I was a little MIA from the YouTube vlog. But I little MIA from the YouTube vlog. But I little MIA from the YouTube vlog. But I just made my electrolytes. My goal is to just made my electrolytes. My goal is to just made my electrolytes. My goal is to have three of these Hydrant drugs a day have three of these Hydrant drugs a day have three of these Hydrant drugs a day and I'm starting out with a packet of and I'm starting out with a packet of and I'm starting out with a packet of electrolytes because we need to be electrolytes because we need to be electrolytes because we need to be better about hydration and also just better about hydration and also just better about hydration and also just making sure that we're drinking enough. making sure that we're drinking enough. making sure that we're drinking enough. So, since I've been starting in the So, since I've been starting in the So, since I've been starting in the morning, this has been a priority. I am morning, this has been a priority. I am morning, this has been a priority. I am having a little mini apple before the having a little mini apple before the having a little mini apple before the gym making sure that I'm eating before. gym making sure that I'm eating before. gym making sure that I'm eating before. I've been having a habit prior to not I've been having a habit prior to not I've been having a habit prior to not eating anything before the gym and just eating anything before the gym and just eating anything before the gym and just going fasted and the reason was because going fasted and the reason was because going fasted and the reason was because I just don't like going to the gym on a I just don't like going to the gym on a I just don't like going to the gym on a full stomach. So I'm trying to find like full stomach. So I'm trying to find like full stomach. So I'm trying to find like the happy balance between still feeling the happy balance between still feeling the happy balance between still feeling myself but not like feeling overly myself but not like feeling overly myself but not like feeling overly stuffed. So obviously focusing on a carb stuffed. So obviously focusing on a carb stuffed. So obviously focusing on a carb before a workout so we have some energy. before a workout so we have some energy. before a workout so we have some energy. I just got this mini apple and it's like I just got this mini apple and it's like I just got this mini apple and it's like a perfect snack. So I want to walk you a perfect snack. So I want to walk you a perfect snack. So I want to walk you guys through my plan because I got it guys through my plan because I got it guys through my plan because I got it last night. So a little bit of an last night. So a little bit of an last night. So a little bit of an overview. Again, we're training for overview. Again, we're training for overview. Again, we're training for Hyrox which is the end of October so I'm Hyrox which is the end of October so I'm Hyrox which is the end of October so I'm 11 weeks out. I have three phases that 11 weeks out. I have three phases that 11 weeks out. I have three phases that I'm going into. I'm going into a base I'm going into. I'm going into a base I'm going into. I'm going into a base build for the first build for the first build for the first four weeks and then the next four weeks four weeks and then the next four weeks four weeks and then the next four weeks I am going into a specific prep and the I am going into a specific prep and the I am going into a specific prep and the last few weeks I'm going into peak / last few weeks I'm going into peak / last few weeks I'm going into peak / race specific training splits. So for race specific training splits. So for race specific training splits. So for the base build week one Monday my day the base build week one Monday my day the base build week one Monday my day today is strength. So we're doing a back today is strength. So we're doing a back today is strength. So we're doing a back squat four sets of five, barbell hip squat four sets of five, barbell hip squat four sets of five, barbell hip thrust four sets of eight, deadlift thrust four sets of eight, deadlift thrust four sets of eight, deadlift three sets of five, walking lunges three three sets of five, walking lunges three three sets of five, walking lunges three sets of 10 each leg, push press four sets of 10 each leg, push press four sets of 10 each leg, push press four sets of six, and then a pull up or a row sets of six, and then a pull up or a row sets of six, and then a pull up or a row four sets of eight. So that is my four sets of eight. So that is my four sets of eight. So that is my strength day. Tomorrow is Tuesday so strength day. Tomorrow is Tuesday so strength day. Tomorrow is Tuesday so that's my running intervals day. I go to that's my running intervals day. I go to that's my running intervals day. I go to this club here called Happy Pace Run this club here called Happy Pace Run this club here called Happy Pace Run Club and I like doing my running Club and I like doing my running Club and I like doing my running intervals there because I'm not doing it intervals there because I'm not doing it intervals there because I'm not doing it alone. I'm doing it with a lot of other alone. I'm doing it with a lot of other alone. I'm doing it with a lot of other people and I feel like it brings me people and I feel like it brings me people and I feel like it brings me community. So I'm going to be doing my community. So I'm going to be doing my community. So I'm going to be doing my running intervals there tomorrow. And running intervals there tomorrow. And running intervals there tomorrow. And then Wednesday I have an off day so I then Wednesday I have an off day so I then Wednesday I have an off day so I have a rest which is new to me because have a rest which is new to me because have a rest which is new to me because I've never had a rest day in the middle I've never had a rest day in the middle I've never had a rest day in the middle of the week. It's usually always on the of the week. It's usually always on the of the week. It's usually always on the weekend. So I'm excited to have a little weekend. So I'm excited to have a little weekend. So I'm excited to have a little bit of a different split. And then bit of a different split. And then bit of a different split. And then Thursday I have a conditioning day so Thursday I have a conditioning day so Thursday I have a conditioning day so this will be four rounds of a 1000 meter this will be four rounds of a 1000 meter this will be four rounds of a 1000 meter run, 500 meter skierg, 20 wall balls, run, 500 meter skierg, 20 wall balls, run, 500 meter skierg, 20 wall balls, and two minutes rest in between or after and two minutes rest in between or after and two minutes rest in between or after I finish all of those and I do that four I finish all of those and I do that four I finish all of those and I do that four times. And then I now have a threshold times. And then I now have a threshold times. And then I now have a threshold run on Friday which is my day four. So, run on Friday which is my day four. So, run on Friday which is my day four. So, this is a 30 to 40-minute tempo run at this is a 30 to 40-minute tempo run at this is a 30 to 40-minute tempo run at zone three. Another thing that I am now zone three. Another thing that I am now zone three. Another thing that I am now being absolutely dialed with is my being absolutely dialed with is my being absolutely dialed with is my Garmin. I have been like very bad at Garmin. I have been like very bad at Garmin. I have been like very bad at charging my smartwatches before, but now charging my smartwatches before, but now charging my smartwatches before, but now that I genuinely need to know a what that I genuinely need to know a what that I genuinely need to know a what heart rate and zone I'm at, I also want heart rate and zone I'm at, I also want heart rate and zone I'm at, I also want to make sure that I'm getting enough to make sure that I'm getting enough to make sure that I'm getting enough steps in and it also tracks my sleep. steps in and it also tracks my sleep. steps in and it also tracks my sleep. So, we're going to be focusing on So, we're going to be focusing on So, we're going to be focusing on charging this watch religiously. And charging this watch religiously. And charging this watch religiously. And then the last day, which is Saturday, is then the last day, which is Saturday, is then the last day, which is Saturday, is my day five. It's a glute accessory my day five. It's a glute accessory my day five. It's a glute accessory recovery day. I told my coach that I recovery day. I told my coach that I recovery day. I told my coach that I don't want to lose my glutes during this don't want to lose my glutes during this don't want to lose my glutes during this program. I know that we're going to be program. I know that we're going to be program. I know that we're going to be doing a lot of running. Hyrox is a doing a lot of running. Hyrox is a doing a lot of running. Hyrox is a running race. It's still important for running race. It's still important for running race. It's still important for me to not lose my physique, specifically me to not lose my physique, specifically me to not lose my physique, specifically glutes. So, I have glute accessory glutes. So, I have glute accessory glutes. So, I have glute accessory movements, like single-leg hip thrust, movements, like single-leg hip thrust, movements, like single-leg hip thrust, cable kickbacks, hip abduction, lateral cable kickbacks, hip abduction, lateral cable kickbacks, hip abduction, lateral raises, calf raise, and some mobility. raises, calf raise, and some mobility. raises, calf raise, and some mobility. So, I think she also sprinkled in some So, I think she also sprinkled in some So, I think she also sprinkled in some upper body there as well. So, that is my upper body there as well. So, that is my upper body there as well. So, that is my full week. Honestly, when I saw this full week. Honestly, when I saw this full week. Honestly, when I saw this workout plan, I was like, "Whoa." This workout plan, I was like, "Whoa." This workout plan, I was like, "Whoa." This is my first time that I haven't had a is my first time that I haven't had a is my first time that I haven't had a like leg day, upper body day, full body like leg day, upper body day, full body like leg day, upper body day, full body day, you know, like bodybuilding split. day, you know, like bodybuilding split. day, you know, like bodybuilding split. This is very different. Her clients have This is very different. Her clients have This is very different. Her clients have seen great results with this, also with seen great results with this, also with seen great results with this, also with the Hyrox, and I am interested in seeing the Hyrox, and I am interested in seeing the Hyrox, and I am interested in seeing how my body responds to a different how my body responds to a different how my body responds to a different program um program um program um with two strength days versus like a with two strength days versus like a with two strength days versus like a lot. So, we shall see. Obviously, I'm lot. So, we shall see. Obviously, I'm lot. So, we shall see. Obviously, I'm still moving my body and it's a lot of still moving my body and it's a lot of still moving my body and it's a lot of conditioning, but I do have the goal of conditioning, but I do have the goal of conditioning, but I do have the goal of recomping and losing a bit of body fat, recomping and losing a bit of body fat, recomping and losing a bit of body fat, so hopefully this does it all. Now that so hopefully this does it all. Now that so hopefully this does it all. Now that I've been talking for the past hour to I've been talking for the past hour to I've been talking for the past hour to my camera. That being said, let's go and my camera. That being said, let's go and my camera. That being said, let's go and hit day one. hit day one. hit day one. >> Oliola, [music] >> Oliola, [music] >> Oliola, [music] in the give me, give me. in the give me, give me. in the give me, give me. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Oliola, >> Oliola, >> Oliola, in the baby, baby. in the baby, baby. in the baby, baby. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Oliola, [singing] >> Oliola, [singing] >> Oliola, [singing] in the give me, in the give me, in the give me, >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> all >> all >> all your love. your love. your love. Baby, baby, baby, >> [music] >> all your love. >> all your love. >> all your love. Baby, [music] give me, give me, Baby, [music] give me, give me, Baby, [music] give me, give me, all your love. all your love. all your love. Baby, baby, baby, [music] Baby, baby, baby, [music] Baby, baby, baby, [music] all all all your love. your love. your love. Baby, give me, give me, Baby, give me, give me, Baby, give me, give me, >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> all >> all >> all your love. your love. your love. Baby, baby, baby, Baby, baby, baby, Baby, baby, baby, >> [music] >> Hello, happy Tuesday. I just finished my >> Hello, happy Tuesday. I just finished my >> Hello, happy Tuesday. I just finished my track Tuesday workout and guys, let me track Tuesday workout and guys, let me track Tuesday workout and guys, let me tell you tell you tell you it always humbles me. Every single time it always humbles me. Every single time it always humbles me. Every single time that I think that I'm mentally prepared that I think that I'm mentally prepared that I think that I'm mentally prepared for it at 6:00 a.m. I'm just not. Like I for it at 6:00 a.m. I'm just not. Like I for it at 6:00 a.m. I'm just not. Like I literally woke up and I was like, I literally woke up and I was like, I literally woke up and I was like, I can't even talk to the vlog right now can't even talk to the vlog right now can't even talk to the vlog right now because I need to talk to myself and because I need to talk to myself and because I need to talk to myself and hype myself up, but I'm happy that I hype myself up, but I'm happy that I hype myself up, but I'm happy that I pushed through and I got it done. It was pushed through and I got it done. It was pushed through and I got it done. It was six rounds of 3 minutes and 30 seconds six rounds of 3 minutes and 30 seconds six rounds of 3 minutes and 30 seconds on and 90 seconds off and I was pushing. on and 90 seconds off and I was pushing. on and 90 seconds off and I was pushing. So, we got it done. I got a coffee as So, we got it done. I got a coffee as So, we got it done. I got a coffee as well. I have a hair appointment well. I have a hair appointment well. I have a hair appointment at 9:00, so in 15 minutes. So, um I'm at 9:00, so in 15 minutes. So, um I'm at 9:00, so in 15 minutes. So, um I'm getting a blowout because I have a lot getting a blowout because I have a lot getting a blowout because I have a lot of content to film today. There's a new of content to film today. There's a new of content to film today. There's a new Honor drop, so I'm going to be doing a Honor drop, so I'm going to be doing a Honor drop, so I'm going to be doing a try-on there. And I also want to do a try-on there. And I also want to do a try-on there. And I also want to do a try-on haul with all the new Aritzia try-on haul with all the new Aritzia try-on haul with all the new Aritzia things that I got. I've been trying to things that I got. I've been trying to things that I got. I've been trying to up my style and focus on getting a bunch up my style and focus on getting a bunch up my style and focus on getting a bunch of basics. So, this past weekend I got a of basics. So, this past weekend I got a of basics. So, this past weekend I got a big, big, big amount of clothes from big, big, big amount of clothes from big, big, big amount of clothes from Aritzia. So, I want to do a try-on haul Aritzia. So, I want to do a try-on haul Aritzia. So, I want to do a try-on haul for YouTube and Instagram to show you for YouTube and Instagram to show you for YouTube and Instagram to show you guys everything that I got. So, guys everything that I got. So, guys everything that I got. So, first getting our hair done. I'm not uh first getting our hair done. I'm not uh first getting our hair done. I'm not uh washing it right now, so this is still a washing it right now, so this is still a washing it right now, so this is still a little sweaty and I'm just doing some little sweaty and I'm just doing some little sweaty and I'm just doing some skin care and putting myself together so skin care and putting myself together so skin care and putting myself together so that I can head over to this hair that I can head over to this hair that I can head over to this hair appointment. Little outfit check. I kind appointment. Little outfit check. I kind appointment. Little outfit check. I kind of like it looks very bummy, but it's of like it looks very bummy, but it's of like it looks very bummy, but it's cute. These sweats are from Honor cute. These sweats are from Honor cute. These sweats are from Honor Active. This top is from Aritzia. Bag is Active. This top is from Aritzia. Bag is Active. This top is from Aritzia. Bag is Bottega. I use this bag all the time. I Bottega. I use this bag all the time. I Bottega. I use this bag all the time. I got it in Italy when I went on my solo got it in Italy when I went on my solo got it in Italy when I went on my solo trip last year and I love her so much. trip last year and I love her so much. trip last year and I love her so much. And also, I got this little emblem here, And also, I got this little emblem here, And also, I got this little emblem here, the B. So, I love that but customized. the B. So, I love that but customized. the B. So, I love that but customized. Also, my everyday scent that I've been Also, my everyday scent that I've been Also, my everyday scent that I've been loving and obsessed with is this loving and obsessed with is this loving and obsessed with is this Burberry Her Elixir. It smells so good. Burberry Her Elixir. It smells so good. Burberry Her Elixir. It smells so good. Every single time that I wear it, Every single time that I wear it, Every single time that I wear it, everyone always asks me what it is. everyone always asks me what it is. everyone always asks me what it is. Literally smells so fruity, feminine, Literally smells so fruity, feminine, Literally smells so fruity, feminine, and airy, if that makes sense. Guys, and airy, if that makes sense. Guys, and airy, if that makes sense. Guys, something else that I have not said to something else that I have not said to something else that I have not said to you guys, little update, is I'm going on you guys, little update, is I'm going on you guys, little update, is I'm going on a podcast. I'm going on a podcast this a podcast. I'm going on a podcast this a podcast. I'm going on a podcast this Thursday. So, we're traveling to LA for Thursday. So, we're traveling to LA for Thursday. So, we're traveling to LA for literally less than 48 hours, more like literally less than 48 hours, more like literally less than 48 hours, more like 36. 36. 36. And I'm going to be on Being Humans' And I'm going to be on Being Humans' And I'm going to be on Being Humans' podcast, which is Leana Deeb's podcast podcast, which is Leana Deeb's podcast podcast, which is Leana Deeb's podcast that she that she that she I feel like recently started, but it has I feel like recently started, but it has I feel like recently started, but it has been taking off. Honestly, Leana has been taking off. Honestly, Leana has been taking off. Honestly, Leana has been somebody that I have followed for a been somebody that I have followed for a been somebody that I have followed for a very, very long time. I feel like I very, very long time. I feel like I very, very long time. I feel like I followed her even before I started followed her even before I started followed her even before I started lifting and also before I even started lifting and also before I even started lifting and also before I even started my social media account. To now be on my social media account. To now be on my social media account. To now be on her podcast and to be able to connect her podcast and to be able to connect her podcast and to be able to connect and relate and share stories is very and relate and share stories is very and relate and share stories is very full circle, but also something very full circle, but also something very full circle, but also something very exciting. I love connecting with other exciting. I love connecting with other exciting. I love connecting with other creators, especially ones that I really creators, especially ones that I really creators, especially ones that I really look up to and admire, and I admire her look up to and admire, and I admire her look up to and admire, and I admire her work ethic, I admire her authenticity, I work ethic, I admire her authenticity, I work ethic, I admire her authenticity, I admire just how disciplined she is. And admire just how disciplined she is. And admire just how disciplined she is. And also, she is also, she is also, she is my age, or maybe a year younger than me. my age, or maybe a year younger than me. my age, or maybe a year younger than me. She might be 24, I'm 25. But, she has She might be 24, I'm 25. But, she has She might be 24, I'm 25. But, she has accomplished so much in her early 20s, accomplished so much in her early 20s, accomplished so much in her early 20s, and she's also very wise and has a great and she's also very wise and has a great and she's also very wise and has a great head on her shoulders. So, I'm very head on her shoulders. So, I'm very head on her shoulders. So, I'm very excited to meet her, talk to her, be on excited to meet her, talk to her, be on excited to meet her, talk to her, be on her podcast, and also push myself out of her podcast, and also push myself out of her podcast, and also push myself out of my comfort zone. Being able to speak on my comfort zone. Being able to speak on my comfort zone. Being able to speak on someone else's platform is always someone else's platform is always someone else's platform is always something that I have wanted the something that I have wanted the something that I have wanted the opportunity to do, specifically in a opportunity to do, specifically in a opportunity to do, specifically in a podcast standpoint, and I feel like I've podcast standpoint, and I feel like I've podcast standpoint, and I feel like I've been held back in many areas because I been held back in many areas because I been held back in many areas because I just I feel comfortable maybe like just I feel comfortable maybe like just I feel comfortable maybe like talking to my audience, but sometimes talking to my audience, but sometimes talking to my audience, but sometimes when it comes down to like someone when it comes down to like someone when it comes down to like someone else's camera and someone else's else's camera and someone else's else's camera and someone else's platform, I'm like, like it's like platform, I'm like, like it's like platform, I'm like, like it's like public speaking a little bit. But, this public speaking a little bit. But, this public speaking a little bit. But, this is like out of my comfort zone, but is like out of my comfort zone, but is like out of my comfort zone, but something that I genuinely have always something that I genuinely have always something that I genuinely have always wanted to do. I'm excited. I'm excited wanted to do. I'm excited. I'm excited wanted to do. I'm excited. I'm excited to go on. I'm excited to take you guys to go on. I'm excited to take you guys to go on. I'm excited to take you guys along behind the scenes cuz I'm going to along behind the scenes cuz I'm going to along behind the scenes cuz I'm going to be vlogging this entire week. And yeah, be vlogging this entire week. And yeah, be vlogging this entire week. And yeah, yay to new opportunities, yay to yay to new opportunities, yay to yay to new opportunities, yay to stepping into our best versions of stepping into our best versions of stepping into our best versions of ourselves, literally just owning the ourselves, literally just owning the ourselves, literally just owning the week. Let's go. >> [music] >> So, we time traveled. We're now in LA. >> So, we time traveled. We're now in LA. >> So, we time traveled. We're now in LA. Guys, yesterday after my hair, I just Guys, yesterday after my hair, I just Guys, yesterday after my hair, I just had to get straight to work, straight to had to get straight to work, straight to had to get straight to work, straight to content, and I pushed back my flight to content, and I pushed back my flight to content, and I pushed back my flight to LA to the day that I have to film LA to the day that I have to film LA to the day that I have to film podcast. I was supposed to leave last podcast. I was supposed to leave last podcast. I was supposed to leave last night, Wednesday, and to be honest, I night, Wednesday, and to be honest, I night, Wednesday, and to be honest, I did not feel my best. I was just did not feel my best. I was just did not feel my best. I was just crashing out completely. I had a lot of crashing out completely. I had a lot of crashing out completely. I had a lot of anxiety on my head, my mind, and it was anxiety on my head, my mind, and it was anxiety on my head, my mind, and it was just I hate when I get those episodes just I hate when I get those episodes just I hate when I get those episodes because I just feel so debilitated, but because I just feel so debilitated, but because I just feel so debilitated, but I, you know, am working with my I, you know, am working with my I, you know, am working with my life coach who is helping me kind of life coach who is helping me kind of life coach who is helping me kind of like sort through these feelings and see like sort through these feelings and see like sort through these feelings and see how I can manage them. I just knew that how I can manage them. I just knew that how I can manage them. I just knew that I did not want to be on a plane, and I'm I did not want to be on a plane, and I'm I did not want to be on a plane, and I'm happy that I did that for myself because happy that I did that for myself because happy that I did that for myself because I woke up today in way better spirit, a I woke up today in way better spirit, a I woke up today in way better spirit, a better head space, and to be honest, better head space, and to be honest, better head space, and to be honest, that was more important than that was more important than that was more important than just going and not feeling my best. So, just going and not feeling my best. So, just going and not feeling my best. So, you know, this morning is already been you know, this morning is already been you know, this morning is already been eventful. I woke up at 5:00 a.m., got to eventful. I woke up at 5:00 a.m., got to eventful. I woke up at 5:00 a.m., got to the airport, 7:00 a.m. flight, slept the the airport, 7:00 a.m. flight, slept the the airport, 7:00 a.m. flight, slept the entire morning, launched my Believe with entire morning, launched my Believe with entire morning, launched my Believe with Us event tickets literally mid-flight. I Us event tickets literally mid-flight. I Us event tickets literally mid-flight. I actually gave my friend my login to my actually gave my friend my login to my actually gave my friend my login to my Instagram because Instagram because Instagram because I I was scared that I wasn't able to I I was scared that I wasn't able to I I was scared that I wasn't able to post from the air. So, my friend posted post from the air. So, my friend posted post from the air. So, my friend posted it for me, and here I am checking the it for me, and here I am checking the it for me, and here I am checking the site tickets to see what the tickets are site tickets to see what the tickets are site tickets to see what the tickets are looking like, and they sold out in looking like, and they sold out in looking like, and they sold out in literally 4 minutes. literally 4 minutes. literally 4 minutes. I was getting so many DMs I was getting so many DMs I was getting so many DMs um asking like, "Where's the ticket, um asking like, "Where's the ticket, um asking like, "Where's the ticket, girl? Like, the link's not working." So, girl? Like, the link's not working." So, girl? Like, the link's not working." So, here I am on the flight just like, "Oh here I am on the flight just like, "Oh here I am on the flight just like, "Oh my god, is it not working?" But, just my god, is it not working?" But, just my god, is it not working?" But, just turns out we sold out really quickly. turns out we sold out really quickly. turns out we sold out really quickly. So, I'm feeling really good, really So, I'm feeling really good, really So, I'm feeling really good, really blessed, blessed, blessed, and just so grateful that I have people and just so grateful that I have people and just so grateful that I have people coming, women coming from all over coming, women coming from all over coming, women coming from all over the world. Like, I looked at the the world. Like, I looked at the the world. Like, I looked at the spreadsheet. I have girls coming from spreadsheet. I have girls coming from spreadsheet. I have girls coming from the Cayman Islands, all over the US, the Cayman Islands, all over the US, the Cayman Islands, all over the US, like, outside of the country. I'm like, like, outside of the country. I'm like, like, outside of the country. I'm like, "Oh my gosh." So, this is going to be an "Oh my gosh." So, this is going to be an "Oh my gosh." So, this is going to be an incredible event. I feel so blessed to incredible event. I feel so blessed to incredible event. I feel so blessed to have a community that, you know, wants have a community that, you know, wants have a community that, you know, wants to support me, not even just locally, to support me, not even just locally, to support me, not even just locally, but from afar. It's It makes my day, and but from afar. It's It makes my day, and but from afar. It's It makes my day, and it makes my heart so warm. I feel like it makes my heart so warm. I feel like it makes my heart so warm. I feel like this is like the perfect head space that this is like the perfect head space that this is like the perfect head space that I need to be in pre-podcast. Today is I need to be in pre-podcast. Today is I need to be in pre-podcast. Today is the podcast with Leanne D. It's Being the podcast with Leanne D. It's Being the podcast with Leanne D. It's Being Human. I am so excited to be on it. I Human. I am so excited to be on it. I Human. I am so excited to be on it. I know I was telling you guys earlier, but know I was telling you guys earlier, but know I was telling you guys earlier, but she's incredible. She is an amazing she's incredible. She is an amazing she's incredible. She is an amazing human being. I love her story. I love human being. I love her story. I love human being. I love her story. I love the way that she thinks. So, I am really the way that she thinks. So, I am really the way that she thinks. So, I am really excited to just have a conversation with excited to just have a conversation with excited to just have a conversation with her. I'm trying to like not psych myself her. I'm trying to like not psych myself her. I'm trying to like not psych myself out and tell myself that it's public out and tell myself that it's public out and tell myself that it's public speaking or that it's something that I speaking or that it's something that I speaking or that it's something that I need to prepare for because at the end need to prepare for because at the end need to prepare for because at the end of the day, I just need to show up as of the day, I just need to show up as of the day, I just need to show up as myself. I just need to show up and be myself. I just need to show up and be myself. I just need to show up and be me. Telling myself that instead of just me. Telling myself that instead of just me. Telling myself that instead of just kind of telling myself, "Oh, I need to kind of telling myself, "Oh, I need to kind of telling myself, "Oh, I need to look at the questions. I need to see look at the questions. I need to see look at the questions. I need to see what we're talking about." Cuz to be what we're talking about." Cuz to be what we're talking about." Cuz to be honest, I have no idea what we're going honest, I have no idea what we're going honest, I have no idea what we're going to be talking about. I don't know the to be talking about. I don't know the to be talking about. I don't know the questions. I don't know anything. I just questions. I don't know anything. I just questions. I don't know anything. I just have to go and show up have to go and show up have to go and show up and be me. I'm not, you know, 10:00 a.m. and be me. I'm not, you know, 10:00 a.m. and be me. I'm not, you know, 10:00 a.m. The podcast is at 2:00. So, I'm going to The podcast is at 2:00. So, I'm going to The podcast is at 2:00. So, I'm going to Uber to my airport, change, get ready, Uber to my airport, change, get ready, Uber to my airport, change, get ready, hop on the podcast. I kind of feel hop on the podcast. I kind of feel hop on the podcast. I kind of feel uh like this is so funny. It's like me uh like this is so funny. It's like me uh like this is so funny. It's like me launching tickets launching tickets launching tickets in the air, in the air, in the air, going back to the hotel, showering, going back to the hotel, showering, going back to the hotel, showering, changing, going on a podcast, then changing, going on a podcast, then changing, going on a podcast, then pretty much going home. I'm like, bus, pretty much going home. I'm like, bus, pretty much going home. I'm like, bus, plane, another bus, plane, like no plane, another bus, plane, like no plane, another bus, plane, like no sleep. sleep. sleep. Bus, club, another club, another club, Bus, club, another club, another club, Bus, club, another club, another club, plane, next place, no sleep. I kind of plane, next place, no sleep. I kind of plane, next place, no sleep. I kind of love it. Like, love it. Like, love it. Like, life is so great. I'm in great spirits. life is so great. I'm in great spirits. life is so great. I'm in great spirits. So, I basically just got ready in like So, I basically just got ready in like So, I basically just got ready in like 20 minutes. 20 minutes. 20 minutes. But, we're making it. I'm supposed to be But, we're making it. I'm supposed to be But, we're making it. I'm supposed to be there at 1:50 and I'm getting there at there at 1:50 and I'm getting there at there at 1:50 and I'm getting there at 1:52. So, that's a win for me because I 1:52. So, that's a win for me because I 1:52. So, that's a win for me because I need to get better at being on time on need to get better at being on time on need to get better at being on time on things. And 2 minutes late is better things. And 2 minutes late is better things. And 2 minutes late is better than 10. than 10. than 10. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> We can't be late for Miss Lana. >> We can't be late for Miss Lana. >> We can't be late for Miss Lana. But, wish me luck, guys. >> Hello and welcome back to another >> Hello and welcome back to another >> Hello and welcome back to another episode of Being Human. I am sitting episode of Being Human. I am sitting episode of Being Human. I am sitting with someone who is honestly so amazing. with someone who is honestly so amazing. with someone who is honestly so amazing. Energy just radiates and I just >> [music] >> Good morning. It is 5:11 on Friday and I >> Good morning. It is 5:11 on Friday and I >> Good morning. It is 5:11 on Friday and I just need to give you guys a little bit just need to give you guys a little bit just need to give you guys a little bit of a recap of the podcast. It was so of a recap of the podcast. It was so of a recap of the podcast. It was so good. Wow, Leanna is incredible, is a good. Wow, Leanna is incredible, is a good. Wow, Leanna is incredible, is a gem, and the conversation that we had gem, and the conversation that we had gem, and the conversation that we had was so so nice and it's like it was in was so so nice and it's like it was in was so so nice and it's like it was in like my my free flow. I like the nerves like my my free flow. I like the nerves like my my free flow. I like the nerves completely just left the second that I completely just left the second that I completely just left the second that I sat down and it was something that was sat down and it was something that was sat down and it was something that was It was so good. I loved it so much. I'm It was so good. I loved it so much. I'm It was so good. I loved it so much. I'm excited for you guys to watch it. I excited for you guys to watch it. I excited for you guys to watch it. I think it comes out in like November think it comes out in like November think it comes out in like November maybe, I don't know. That's what I was maybe, I don't know. That's what I was maybe, I don't know. That's what I was told. So, I can't wait for it to be told. So, I can't wait for it to be told. So, I can't wait for it to be released and now I have to head to the released and now I have to head to the released and now I have to head to the gym. It's 5:00 a.m. I'm going to go on gym. It's 5:00 a.m. I'm going to go on gym. It's 5:00 a.m. I'm going to go on my 30-minute run and then I'm going to my 30-minute run and then I'm going to my 30-minute run and then I'm going to do some core as well. I was supposed to do some core as well. I was supposed to do some core as well. I was supposed to do it yesterday, but honestly, I was so do it yesterday, but honestly, I was so do it yesterday, but honestly, I was so tired from my travel and coming back. tired from my travel and coming back. tired from my travel and coming back. Like I just wanted to sleep. So, I got a Like I just wanted to sleep. So, I got a Like I just wanted to sleep. So, I got a ton of sleep last night. So, now I'm ton of sleep last night. So, now I'm ton of sleep last night. So, now I'm going to, like I said, go on my run and going to, like I said, go on my run and going to, like I said, go on my run and then I am going to head over to LAX then I am going to head over to LAX then I am going to head over to LAX because I have my flight and then when I because I have my flight and then when I because I have my flight and then when I land, I'm going to go to the gym. So, land, I'm going to go to the gym. So, land, I'm going to go to the gym. So, technically today is a two-a-day. Okay, technically today is a two-a-day. Okay, technically today is a two-a-day. Okay, I told myself that that is what the day I told myself that that is what the day I told myself that that is what the day was going to be if I didn't go to the was going to be if I didn't go to the was going to be if I didn't go to the gym yesterday cuz I want to finish my gym yesterday cuz I want to finish my gym yesterday cuz I want to finish my plan and then Saturday tomorrow is my plan and then Saturday tomorrow is my plan and then Saturday tomorrow is my like glute accessory day. So, yeah, I'm like glute accessory day. So, yeah, I'm like glute accessory day. So, yeah, I'm feeling good about my plan. I think the feeling good about my plan. I think the feeling good about my plan. I think the one thing that I'm just trying to like one thing that I'm just trying to like one thing that I'm just trying to like build back up on is like a routine and I build back up on is like a routine and I build back up on is like a routine and I know that this week was a little know that this week was a little know that this week was a little different cuz I was traveling. Of different cuz I was traveling. Of different cuz I was traveling. Of course, on like the first week that I course, on like the first week that I course, on like the first week that I have my routine, it was a bit have my routine, it was a bit have my routine, it was a bit challenging, but we're still getting it challenging, but we're still getting it challenging, but we're still getting it done and I'm excited about it. So, yeah, done and I'm excited about it. So, yeah, done and I'm excited about it. So, yeah, let's go on our run. >> [bell] >> Mhm.