I have reviewed so many crochet bags in I have reviewed so many crochet bags in I have reviewed so many crochet bags in the past. I have tried so many crochet the past. I have tried so many crochet the past. I have tried so many crochet bags. I've gotten so many crochet bags bags. I've gotten so many crochet bags bags. I've gotten so many crochet bags for Christmas for Christmas for Christmas and every time I get a crochet bag and and every time I get a crochet bag and and every time I get a crochet bag and look at it, I'm like, "This is amazing. look at it, I'm like, "This is amazing. look at it, I'm like, "This is amazing. This fixes all my problems. I'm obsessed This fixes all my problems. I'm obsessed This fixes all my problems. I'm obsessed with this. I love it." with this. I love it." with this. I love it." Why don't I use them? Why do I always Why don't I use them? Why do I always Why don't I use them? Why do I always still just grab a tote bag every time I still just grab a tote bag every time I still just grab a tote bag every time I need to travel with a project? I'm just need to travel with a project? I'm just need to travel with a project? I'm just grabbing your most basic tote bag even grabbing your most basic tote bag even grabbing your most basic tote bag even though I have all of these like really, though I have all of these like really, though I have all of these like really, really, really nice crochet bags. So, really, really nice crochet bags. So, really, really nice crochet bags. So, this time whenever I was looking for this time whenever I was looking for this time whenever I was looking for items to review, I found something that items to review, I found something that items to review, I found something that was marketed as a crochet bag tote. was marketed as a crochet bag tote. was marketed as a crochet bag tote. And I'm curious if I would be more And I'm curious if I would be more And I'm curious if I would be more likely to carry a specific crochet likely to carry a specific crochet likely to carry a specific crochet [music] bag if it was a little bit just [music] bag if it was a little bit just [music] bag if it was a little bit just more