What's up guys?  Brezy here and it's been a What's up guys?  Brezy here and it's been a What's up guys?  Brezy here and it's been a while since we've while since we've while since we've posted videos when it comes posted videos when it comes posted videos when it comes to products.  So I'm going to introduce you to to products.  So I'm going to introduce you to to products.  So I'm going to introduce you to one of the spider one of the spider one of the spider concepts.  So this is the spy.  So what is a concepts.  So this is the spy.  So what is a concepts.  So this is the spy.  So what is a spy?  Usually, this spy is the spy?  Usually, this spy is the spy?  Usually, this spy is the spider's race technology.  So here, spider's race technology.  So here, spider's race technology.  So here, the race concepts or the race concepts or the race concepts or the carbon fiber, fiber glass, the carbon fiber, fiber glass, the carbon fiber, fiber glass, unique designs and the latest unique designs and the latest unique designs and the latest technologies of Spider are applied to spy helmets.  So technologies of Spider are applied to spy helmets.  So technologies of Spider are applied to spy helmets.  So Spider sent us one of Spider sent us one of Spider sent us one of their new helmets.  Let's unbox their new helmets.  Let's unbox their new helmets.  Let's unbox .  As always, spiders don't .  As always, spiders don't .  As always, spiders don't skimp. skimp. skimp. There is a free visor.  The helmet bag is nice.  So what I'm going to show you about the bag is nice.  So what I'm going to show you about the bag is nice.  So what I'm going to show you about the helmet is one of the carbon fiber designs.  Wow. There's There's There's another bomb. Wow.  So they've noticed that Wow.  So they've noticed that Wow.  So they've noticed that we often go on trails, we often go on trails, we often go on trails, we often go offroad, and one of the things we often go offroad, and one of the things we often go offroad, and one of the things they've noticed is my passion for super they've noticed is my passion for super they've noticed is my passion for super moto, as you know.  So Spider sent us moto, as you know.  So Spider sent us moto, as you know.  So Spider sent us one of their unique helmets one of their unique helmets one of their unique helmets and this is what is called a dual and this is what is called a dual and this is what is called a dual sport helmet. sport helmet. sport helmet. So if you notice, So if you notice, So if you notice, his helmet shell is forge composite.  That's his helmet shell is forge composite.  That's his helmet shell is forge composite.  That's not ordinary carbon fiber not ordinary carbon fiber not ordinary carbon fiber material.  He is forged carbon.  This means material.  He is forged carbon.  This means material.  He is forged carbon.  This means the ones that look like they were sprinkled with carbon and the ones that look like they were sprinkled with carbon and the ones that look like they were sprinkled with carbon and then resin was applied.  So then resin was applied.  So his design is truly unique.  The next thing we noticed here is his design is truly unique.  The next thing we noticed here is his design is truly unique.  The next thing we noticed here is that on the top of the helmet, he has a that on the top of the helmet, he has a that on the top of the helmet, he has a camera mount.  So go for an adventure, this is it camera mount.  So go for an adventure, this is it camera mount.  So go for an adventure, this is it .  For those of you who vlog, if .  For those of you who vlog, if .  For those of you who vlog, if you want to see or capture footage of what you want to see or capture footage of what you want to see or capture footage of what you're doing, he has a you're doing, he has a you're doing, he has a mount ready. mount ready. mount ready. Beauty.  Also, I didn't mention to you, Beauty.  Also, I didn't mention to you, Beauty.  Also, I didn't mention to you, the name of this helmet is the spider the name of this helmet is the spider the name of this helmet is the spider drift.  Why is drift.  Why is drift.  Why is this helmet called drift?  Because from what I see this helmet called drift?  Because from what I see this helmet called drift?  Because from what I see , wherever you go, this , wherever you go, this , wherever you go, this helmet is a go helmet is a go helmet is a go helmet.  How beautiful.  So the gift helmet, helmet.  How beautiful.  So the gift helmet, helmet.  How beautiful.  So the gift helmet, if we notice here, if we notice here, if we notice here, has a has a has a dual visor technique, dual visor technique, dual visor technique, meaning it has a sun visor inside, which is inside, which is inside, which is nice.  So I did some research about nice.  So I did some research about nice.  So I did some research about this helmet and it could this helmet and it could this helmet and it could be a full face helmet.  Let me show be a full face helmet.  Let me show be a full face helmet.  Let me show you.  The first thing we'll do is you.  The first thing we'll do is you.  The first thing we'll do is take off the top. take off the top. take off the top. You don't need any special tools, You don't need any special tools, You don't need any special tools, even your nails will do.  So like I said earlier, do.  So like I said earlier, do.  So like I said earlier, the action camera mount is removable. the action camera mount is removable. the action camera mount is removable. Then I said, "Can it be a Then I said, "Can it be a Then I said, "Can it be a full face helmet?"  I'll show full face helmet?"  I'll show full face helmet?"  I'll show you this.  It's simple, just unscrew you this.  It's simple, just unscrew you this.  It's simple, just unscrew him here.  So the adventure helmet we saw earlier is here.  So the adventure helmet we saw earlier is here.  So the adventure helmet we saw earlier is now a full face helmet. now a full face helmet. now a full face helmet. This drift helmet is that beautiful This drift helmet is that beautiful This drift helmet is that beautiful on Spider.  So I told you earlier that a Spider.  So I told you earlier that a Spider.  So I told you earlier that a dual sport helmet means it can dual sport helmet means it can dual sport helmet means it can be an adventure helmet, it can be a be an adventure helmet, it can be a be an adventure helmet, it can be a sport helmet.  Beauty. sport helmet.  Beauty. sport helmet.  Beauty. Let's measure it, there's a free manual Let's measure it, there's a free manual Let's measure it, there's a free manual and stickers inside the helmet.  Let's eat and stickers inside the helmet.  Let's eat and stickers inside the helmet.  Let's eat this. And this helmet, we can notice that And this helmet, we can notice that And this helmet, we can notice that it doesn't have a double deering lock it doesn't have a double deering lock it doesn't have a double deering lock mechanism.  This is the quick release.  So mechanism.  This is the quick release.  So mechanism.  This is the quick release.  So if we notice here, he has an if we notice here, he has an if we notice here, he has an emergency full.  Almost all spider emergency full.  Almost all spider emergency full.  Almost all spider helmets have this feature so that in helmets have this feature so that in helmets have this feature so that in case of emergency, case of emergency, case of emergency, the helmet can be easily removed.   Let the helmet can be easily removed.   Let the helmet can be easily removed.   Let 's take it.  The 's take it.  The 's take it.  The fittings are nice.  So almost all fittings are nice.  So almost all fittings are nice.  So almost all spike concepts have better spike concepts have better spike concepts have better inner foam, better inner foam, better inner foam, better ventilation, but they are a bit ventilation, but they are a bit ventilation, but they are a bit pricey.  So this is one of pricey.  So this is one of pricey.  So this is one of our new helmets today and this is the our new helmets today and this is the our new helmets today and this is the spy drift by spider.  So soon spy drift by spider.  So soon spy drift by spider.  So soon you'll see me using this in you'll see me using this in you'll see me using this in our future vlogs, especially in our future vlogs, especially in our future vlogs, especially in adventures.  So this is the Spider Drip adventures.  So this is the Spider Drip adventures.  So this is the Spider Drip by Spider.  So for all the time we've been by Spider.  So for all the time we've been by Spider.  So for all the time we've been riding motorcycles, we've only trusted one helmet brand riding motorcycles, we've only trusted one helmet brand riding motorcycles, we've only trusted one helmet brand for for for our adventures.  And not only that, our adventures.  And not only that, our adventures.  And not only that, I can just share it with you.  Spider doesn't just have a helmet because you.  Spider doesn't just have a helmet because you.  Spider doesn't just have a helmet because he also has a riding jacket.   There are many varieties or choices.  There's still many varieties or choices.  There's still many varieties or choices.  There's still street, adventure.  We also have something for street, adventure.  We also have something for street, adventure.  We also have something for enduro.  So this is what I'm showing enduro.  So this is what I'm showing enduro.  So this is what I'm showing you.  This is one of the you.  This is one of the you.  This is one of the most affordable spider jackets.  Fully most affordable spider jackets.  Fully most affordable spider jackets.  Fully padded, elbows, shoulders, back, padded, elbows, shoulders, back, padded, elbows, shoulders, back, then mesh type, the jacket is breedable. then mesh type, the jacket is breedable. then mesh type, the jacket is breedable. So you'll feel really comfortable So you'll feel really comfortable So you'll feel really comfortable on the trip.  So these are some of the spider on the trip.  So these are some of the spider on the trip.  So these are some of the spider products available on the market today. products available on the market today. products available on the market today. So hopefully soon I will be able to show So hopefully soon I will be able to show So hopefully soon I will be able to show you other latest riding you other latest riding you other latest riding products.  So this is something you will always products.  So this is something you will always products.  So this is something you will always remember.  Just stay cool.  always here.