Whether you're shaving for the first time or Whether you're shaving for the first time or Whether you're shaving for the first time or want to improve your technique, want to improve your technique, want to improve your technique, we have a few tips for a we have a few tips for a we have a few tips for a softer, more comfortable shave. Shower softer, more comfortable shave. Shower softer, more comfortable shave. Shower beforehand; the warmth and moisture beforehand; the warmth and moisture beforehand; the warmth and moisture soften the hair and allow the razor to soften the hair and allow the razor to soften the hair and allow the razor to glide more easily. This helps protect you from glide more easily. This helps protect you from glide more easily. This helps protect you from cuts and irritation. cuts and irritation. cuts and irritation. Use a facial scrub to Use a facial scrub to Use a facial scrub to remove oils, dirt, and dead skin, remove oils, dirt, and dead skin, preparing your skin for a comfortable shave. Lather up some shaving gel preparing your skin for a comfortable shave. Lather up some shaving gel preparing your skin for a comfortable shave. Lather up some shaving gel and spread it. Gel helps and spread it. Gel helps and spread it. Gel helps keep the hair moist, allows the razor to keep the hair moist, allows the razor to keep the hair moist, allows the razor to glide, and glide, and glide, and protects you from irritation during shaving. protects you from irritation during shaving. protects you from irritation during shaving. Check the lube strips; if they Check the lube strips; if they Check the lube strips; if they 've faded or the blades 've faded or the blades 've faded or the blades feel dull while shaving, use feel dull while shaving, use feel dull while shaving, use a new blade. Make light, gentle strokes. Let Make light, gentle strokes. Let Make light, gentle strokes. Let the razor do the work. the razor do the work. the razor do the work. The Gillette Fusion Pro Shield has a The Gillette Fusion Pro Shield has a The Gillette Fusion Pro Shield has a pivoting flexball that adapts to the pivoting flexball that adapts to the pivoting flexball that adapts to the contours of your face. Rinse the blades regularly. Rinse the blades regularly. Rinse the blades regularly. Remember never to shave without gel Remember never to shave without gel Remember never to shave without gel and never to go over the and never to go over the and never to go over the same area too often, as same area too often, as same area too often, as this can lead to irritation. So, shave with or against the grain.  The So, shave with or against the grain.  The So, shave with or against the grain.  The answer is both. Facial hair grows answer is both. Facial hair grows answer is both. Facial hair grows in many directions, so you'll in many directions, so you'll in many directions, so you'll shave with and against the grain. Shave shave with and against the grain. Shave shave with and against the grain. Shave in whichever direction in whichever direction in whichever direction feels most comfortable. An feels most comfortable. An feels most comfortable. An advanced multi-blade razor advanced multi-blade razor advanced multi-blade razor like this one will give you a comfortable shave, like this one will give you a comfortable shave, like this one will give you a comfortable shave, even against the grain. Use the even against the grain. Use the even against the grain. Use the precision trimmer on the back to reach precision trimmer on the back to reach precision trimmer on the back to reach hard-to-reach areas like hard-to-reach areas like hard-to-reach areas like under your nose or to under your nose or to under your nose or to define your sideburns. Wash define your sideburns. Wash define your sideburns. Wash your face with cold water and pat it your face with cold water and pat it your face with cold water and pat it dry. Apply a nourishing dry. Apply a nourishing dry. Apply a nourishing aftershave to aftershave to aftershave to moisturize and soothe your skin. Wow, you look great! soothe your skin. Wow, you look great! soothe your skin. Wow, you look great! For more tips, check out these For more tips, check out these For more tips, check out these videos. Subscribe to our channel so videos. Subscribe to our channel so videos. Subscribe to our channel so you'll see when new videos are added, you'll see when new videos are added, you'll see when new videos are added, and tell us and tell us and tell us your best shaving tips in the comments.