Hey, this is Jeff from Canal Sound and
Light coming to you with another product
video of a product that we have been
waiting for. the American Audio APX 12go
BT. That's a mouthful. Um, so what this
is is a 12 inch powered speaker that is
battery powered, Bluetooth controllable,
has a wireless UHF mic and a wireless
remote control. So, that's a lot of
wireless capabilities. Why don't we
start with the cabinet? Um, as you can
see, it's a plastic enclosure and has a
nice flat flat front
grill with a little ridge here. So, it's
pretty pretty sturdy. 12-in driver,
compression driver here. Uh, it's 200
watts. And what you have is you have
handles on each side as well as on top.
This handle actually lifts up so that
you can utilize its wheels and kind of
drag it by its wheels to its next
location. So, it's pretty cool. Uh, that
comes in handy because it's 35 lbs. Not
the lightest speaker, but it also has a
battery and a powered amp over here. So,
just keep that in mind. Um, while we're
here, we might as well go over the rear
features. On the back panel, we have a
media player right here, which it
accepts USB memory card, or you could
play by Bluetooth.
Um, it also is controllable with the
wireless remote, so you can kind of fast
forward and skip and repeat songs as you
wish.
Um, next up here is the volume control
for the Bluetooth, which is right here.
You have your mic level, which uh you
can plug in your own mic, a own wire
wired mic, or you can use the wireless
mic that they supply, which is a UHF
wireless mic. Um, so this is the level
for the
microphone. Next section here, we have a
an input here. So we have an aux input
or RCA or XLR, which is corresponds to
this line level input. So that's cool.
Nice little handy thing to have if you
want to plug in your own um MP3 player
or anything like that or you know any
kind of instrument or something like
that.
Um, lastly, we have the treble and the
bass. So, it allows you to have better
control over your sound. If you're using
it for speeches or using it for a party,
you can adjust that accordingly. Uh, the
cool thing is that it also has a line
out, so you can actually daisy chain
this with your another speaker or or
anything else. And lastly, you have a
power indicator here to indicate what
level of battery you have left. So, it's
pretty cool.
Now it's time to hear it. Why don't we
test the uh vocal features
first? I'm going to turn it up to
3:00. And we have liftoff. Mic check.
One, two, one, two, three, four, five,
six. I would turn down the bass a little
bit. Bring out some of the highs in my
voice. Mic check. One, two, one, two,
three, four, five, six.
Hey. Hey. Check. One, two, three, four,
five,
six. Not
bad. And now we are going to test
the the music. Turn down the
mic. And here we
go. Heat. Heat.
So, that was the American Audio APX 12go
BT. Um, it's a pretty good speaker. a
lot a lot of features for for the for
the money. Uh the speaker actually maps
out at
$219.99, so it's a very good value for
what it does. Um it's great for outdoor
parties, great for outdoor events, uh
ceremonies, and things of that nature. I
would use it for any kind of
um public speaking engagements or, uh
any kind of backyard party. The sound I
can feel I feel like will throw pretty
far. Um the bass is okay. Uh there's
always there's always that level
controlled so you can add some more bass
if you want. But all in all, I think
it's a great value at
$219.95. Uh please give us a call or you
can stop by for a demo at the shop. Uh
we have these in stock. We're excited
about them. It's perfect for summertime,
per outdoor parties, your beach parties
or any kind of thing like that. Uh,
we're excited about this. So, yeah, give
us a call and we'll take care of you.
Thanks very much.
