We tell everyone what Abdullah's routine is We tell everyone what Abdullah's routine is We tell everyone what Abdullah's routine is basically.  I used to say, leave it basically.  I used to say, leave it basically.  I used to say, leave it friend, why don't you tell me, what is the need to tell me. friend, why don't you tell me, what is the need to tell me. friend, why don't you tell me, what is the need to tell me. But what happens is that people think that perhaps But what happens is that people think that perhaps But what happens is that people think that perhaps you are doing all the work absolutely accurately and you are doing all the work absolutely accurately and you are doing all the work absolutely accurately and perfectly since the luxury room was built. perfectly since the luxury room was built. perfectly since the luxury room was built. Hey boy. Hey boy. Hey boy. But guys, this luxury room has But guys, this luxury room has But guys, this luxury room has deteriorated a bit since it was built.  He has an iPhone. deteriorated a bit since it was built.  He has an iPhone. deteriorated a bit since it was built.  He has an iPhone. It goes to 50 places It goes to 50 places It goes to 50 places with us.  He eats and drinks the same thing that we eat, it's not like he is with us.  He eats and drinks the same thing that we eat, it's not like he is with us.  He eats and drinks the same thing that we eat, it's not like he is eating anything different. eating anything different. eating anything different. Third, whatever work you ask him to do, he no longer does it. Third, whatever work you ask him to do, he no longer does it. Third, whatever work you ask him to do, he no longer does it. Hey, are you lying?  He is lying.   I used to do Hey, are you lying?  He is lying.   I used to do Hey, are you lying?  He is lying.   I used to do this earlier.  Earlier it was bound by time.  He knew that this earlier.  Earlier it was bound by time.  He knew that this earlier.  Earlier it was bound by time.  He knew that I work. I work. I work. Look, he is also a brother.  Works here too. Look, he is also a brother.  Works here too. Look, he is also a brother.  Works here too. But he is not doing his work responsibilities at all. But he is not doing his work responsibilities at all. Meaning a work is done responsibly. Meaning a work is done responsibly. Meaning a work is done responsibly. Why are you not doing that brother?  My wife is Why are you not doing that brother?  My wife is Why are you not doing that brother?  My wife is fed up.   So will you dance fed up.   So will you dance fed up.   So will you dance ? ? ? We know how many fish we have removed.  Do you know We know how many fish we have removed.  Do you know We know how many fish we have removed.  Do you know ?   Yes. ?   Yes. ?   Yes. Ever since we came to this house, we have thrown out about four male Ever since we came to this house, we have thrown out about four male Ever since we came to this house, we have thrown out about four male cows. cows. cows. And what did you take out?  Only on vacation.   On And what did you take out?  Only on vacation.   On And what did you take out?  Only on vacation.   On leave.  It's only on holidays that she does leave.  It's only on holidays that she does leave.  It's only on holidays that she does such good work. such good work. such good work. Otherwise she did good work.  So we have taken out four Otherwise she did good work.  So we have taken out four Otherwise she did good work.  So we have taken out four months.  It has been taken out months.  It has been taken out months.  It has been taken out because look, when you pay someone because look, when you pay someone because look, when you pay someone and when you give responsibility to someone, then and when you give responsibility to someone, then and when you give responsibility to someone, then because of that payment he also because of that payment he also because of that payment he also takes responsibility, when he gets money, like takes responsibility, when he gets money, like takes responsibility, when he gets money, like we are getting money from work, then we are working. we are getting money from work, then we are working. we are getting money from work, then we are working. I should not say that whatever it is, even if you do I should not say that whatever it is, even if you do I should not say that whatever it is, even if you do n't pay me, I will still n't pay me, I will still n't pay me, I will still do the work.  A thought comes to a person's mind that there are some people do the work.  A thought comes to a person's mind that there are some people do the work.  A thought comes to a person's mind that there are some people who work even without money.   You are doing the who work even without money.   You are doing the work work work when we are also paying you money.   We are when we are also paying you money.   We are when we are also paying you money.   We are giving you all the luxuries. giving you all the luxuries. giving you all the luxuries. You are doing everything. You are doing everything. You are doing everything. You are roaming around.  Then why are you not doing the work properly You are roaming around.  Then why are you not doing the work properly You are roaming around.  Then why are you not doing the work properly ? ? ? Son, you won't be able to do it. Son, you won't be able to do it. Son, you won't be able to do it. And how much work do you have? And how much work do you have? And how much work do you have? You just have to turn on the geyser after waking up in the morning.  Ok?   After You just have to turn on the geyser after waking up in the morning.  Ok?   After You just have to turn on the geyser after waking up in the morning.  Ok?   After waking up in the morning, you just have to open the gate for the nanny. waking up in the morning, you just have to open the gate for the nanny. And I have to go and drop off the stale one and bring it back. And I have to go and drop off the stale one and bring it back. And I have to go and drop off the stale one and bring it back. And do you have to take the stale one to leave?  And And do you have to take the stale one to leave?  And And do you have to take the stale one to leave?  And what else do you have to do?  There is a vegetable, someone what else do you have to do?  There is a vegetable, someone what else do you have to do?  There is a vegetable, someone ordered some stuff from downstairs.  Now there ordered some stuff from downstairs.  Now there ordered some stuff from downstairs.  Now there are online apps.  We order it from him at night.  Please are online apps.  We order it from him at night.  Please are online apps.  We order it from him at night.  Please tell me how much work is there.  Guys, one thing is that there is a tell me how much work is there.  Guys, one thing is that there is a tell me how much work is there.  Guys, one thing is that there is a lot of work.  So this lot of work.  So this lot of work.  So this guy might not be doing it.  The work is just two to three. guy might not be doing it.  The work is just two to three. guy might not be doing it.  The work is just two to three. In which sir also makes TikTok, In which sir also makes TikTok, In which sir also makes TikTok, also makes vlogs on which he also travels. also makes vlogs on which he also travels. also makes vlogs on which he also travels. Still it is not working.  Hmm