Man, he troubled me a lot. Man, he troubled me a lot. Man, he troubled me a lot. Either that is our car or this or that. Either that is our car or this or that. Either that is our car or this or that. Which that car has given me.  I hope this Which that car has given me.  I hope this Which that car has given me.  I hope this car gives better than that. This time let's buy a car which is a bit rough This time let's buy a car which is a bit rough This time let's buy a car which is a bit rough and tough. So let's go and get our new So let's go and get our new So let's go and get our new ship. ship. ship. Hi Guys.  So it's 11 and 111 right now. Hi Guys.  So it's 11 and 111 right now. Hi Guys.  So it's 11 and 111 right now. I hope you all have a very good life and I hope you all have a very good life and I hope you all have a very good life and get all the happiness in your life.  And today we are going to do something get all the happiness in your life.  And today we are going to do something get all the happiness in your life.  And today we are going to do something very cool.  Today very cool.  Today very cool.  Today is Mahashivratri.  So, is Mahashivratri.  So, is Mahashivratri.  So, Happy Mahashivratri to all of you.  And Happy Mahashivratri to all of you.  And Happy Mahashivratri to all of you.  And guys thank you so much.  Whatever we are going to achieve today is all because guys thank you so much.  Whatever we are going to achieve today is all because guys thank you so much.  Whatever we are going to achieve today is all because of you guys, your support of you guys, your support of you guys, your support and everything is going to happen today because of you people. and everything is going to happen today because of you people. and everything is going to happen today because of you people. So let's go and So let's go and So let's go and start the day.  Only the final touches are left, let's do that. start the day.  Only the final touches are left, let's do that. start the day.  Only the final touches are left, let's do that. I thought this is going to be a I thought this is going to be a I thought this is going to be a special day.  So it is necessary to feel a little special.  Actually, special day.  So it is necessary to feel a little special.  Actually, special day.  So it is necessary to feel a little special.  Actually, I just get up and leave like this. I just get up and leave like this. I just get up and leave like this. But today I thought a little bit, so let's go now. But today I thought a little bit, so let's go now. But today I thought a little bit, so let's go now. So let's go and So let's go and So let's go and you will keep seeing me in this car but you will keep seeing me in this car but you will keep seeing me in this car but now you will always see me in the next one that is coming. now you will always see me in the next one that is coming. now you will always see me in the next one that is coming. So let's go and get So let's go and get So let's go and get our new ship.  Let's go. So hi guys, we're at the showroom and we've So hi guys, we're at the showroom and we've So hi guys, we're at the showroom and we've finally arrived to take delivery of our car. finally arrived to take delivery of our car. finally arrived to take delivery of our car. So is this So is this So is this or that our car or this or that, or that our car or this or that, or that our car or this or that, you will know in a while.  But you will know in a while.  But you will know in a while.  But thank you so much guys.  You finally brought thank you so much guys.  You finally brought thank you so much guys.  You finally brought me here today, two years ago, so that me here today, two years ago, so that me here today, two years ago, so that I can take my car myself. I can take my car myself. I can take my car myself. Which I can call my own.  My brother can Which I can call my own.  My brother can Which I can call my own.  My brother can call it his own car.  And I am call it his own car.  And I am call it his own car.  And I am so proud of myself and my baby and so proud of myself and my baby and so proud of myself and my baby and you guys that you made it possible.  So finally you guys that you made it possible.  So finally you guys that you made it possible.  So finally we are here and I am superduper excited. we are here and I am superduper excited. we are here and I am superduper excited. Thank you so much.  Thank you very much to Thank you so much.  Thank you very much to Thank you so much.  Thank you very much to all of you.  And one more thing, we have chosen this car all of you.  And one more thing, we have chosen this car all of you.  And one more thing, we have chosen this car because we because we because we travel a lot.  So travel a lot.  So travel a lot.  So for the travel, I thought that this time I should take a car for the travel, I thought that this time I should take a car for the travel, I thought that this time I should take a car which is a bit rough and tough where which is a bit rough and tough where which is a bit rough and tough where I do not get a chance to think whether I do not get a chance to think whether I do not get a chance to think whether this car can go here or not. this car can go here or not. this car can go here or not. So that's why I chose this car.  So I So that's why I chose this car.  So I So that's why I chose this car.  So I hope you guys will like it.  And hope you guys will like it.  And hope you guys will like it.  And you all know that my favourite car is still Fortuner you all know that my favourite car is still Fortuner you all know that my favourite car is still Fortuner but it still has some time.  Till then, let but it still has some time.  Till then, let but it still has some time.  Till then, let us try driving the smaller baby Fortuner us try driving the smaller baby Fortuner us try driving the smaller baby Fortuner and see that the XUV and see that the XUV and see that the XUV supported us a lot.  I drove it for four years supported us a lot.  I drove it for four years supported us a lot.  I drove it for four years and in these four years, what all did the XUV not show me. and in these four years, what all did the XUV not show me. He has seen everything with me, every struggle of my life, everywhere. He has seen everything with me, every struggle of my life, everywhere. He has seen everything with me, every struggle of my life, everywhere. It feels like It feels like It feels like a baby or It feels like a baby to me. a baby or It feels like a baby to me. a baby or It feels like a baby to me. He suffered a lot of damage and it He suffered a lot of damage and it He suffered a lot of damage and it took up a lot of space from me too. took up a lot of space from me too. took up a lot of space from me too. That car saw a lot of things, man. That car saw a lot of things, man. That car saw a lot of things, man. Whatever happened to me, the same thing happened to him Whatever happened to me, the same thing happened to him Whatever happened to me, the same thing happened to him too.  But still too.  But still too.  But still he never stopped me anywhere.  I never he never stopped me anywhere.  I never he never stopped me anywhere.  I never stopped.  No matter how far I stopped.  No matter how far I stopped.  No matter how far I went, he always brought me back home safely. went, he always brought me back home safely. went, he always brought me back home safely. And there is And there is And there is something called love in cars, something called love in cars, something called love in cars, you should really do that.  But whatever you should really do that.  But whatever you should really do that.  But whatever that car has given me, I hope this car that car has given me, I hope this car that car has given me, I hope this car gives me better memories than that and we create more good gives me better memories than that and we create more good gives me better memories than that and we create more good memories with it.  Ah, XUV will also be at memories with it.  Ah, XUV will also be at memories with it.  Ah, XUV will also be at our house.  Ah, it will be a little different our house.  Ah, it will be a little different our house.  Ah, it will be a little different version of it.  So maybe I think it's version of it.  So maybe I think it's version of it.  So maybe I think it's going to change.  There will be some modification etc. in going to change.  There will be some modification etc. in going to change.  There will be some modification etc. in it.  But we will run that too and it.  But we will run that too and it.  But we will run that too and we will definitely run this.  So let's go and find out which car it is.  Let's take we will definitely run this.  So let's go and find out which car it is.  Let's take delivery.  So this is what I am doing.  Now there are delivery.  So this is what I am doing.  Now there are delivery.  So this is what I am doing.  Now there are ₹900 left in these.  You give ₹900. ₹900 left in these.  You give ₹900. ₹900 left in these.  You give ₹900. No problem.  I will give you ₹900. No problem.  I will give you ₹900. No problem.  I will give you ₹900. Done.  If you say it honestly, I have driven the car.   It Done.  If you say it honestly, I have driven the car.   It Done.  If you say it honestly, I have driven the car.   It became 1 lakh.  [laughter] He really bothered me here. He really bothered me here. He really bothered me here. I had a fever for three days.  Why did I make such a terrible I had a fever for three days.  Why did I make such a terrible booking? We did it two days ago booking? We did it two days ago booking? We did it two days ago in this showroom.  The in this showroom.  The in this showroom.  The car was not available at the showroom where we had got it done earlier.  So car was not available at the showroom where we had got it done earlier.  So car was not available at the showroom where we had got it done earlier.  So we got it here, so we got it done here. we got it here, so we got it done here. we got it here, so we got it done here. So brother, I got So brother, I got So brother, I got calls from them, one after the other, one after the other, one after the other. calls from them, one after the other, one after the other, one after the other. calls from them, one after the other, one after the other, one after the other. I said, I have received a call, I will I said, I have received a call, I will I said, I have received a call, I will cancel the train. cancel the train. cancel the train. I'm so sorry, friend.  I was very high in fever. I'm so sorry, friend.  I was very high in fever. I'm so sorry, friend.  I was very high in fever. And then you know how much a And then you know how much a And then you know how much a person gets upset when such calls keep coming. person gets upset when such calls keep coming. Paper work done guys.  How many signatures have Paper work done guys.  How many signatures have Paper work done guys.  How many signatures have we collected?  I mean, after every sign, it's like, we collected?  I mean, after every sign, it's like, now and now and now and [screaming sound] now and now and now and [screaming sound] now and now and now and [screaming sound] we've done at least 20 signs. Mom, Mom, Mom, mom, which car will you take? mom, which car will you take? mom, which car will you take? Whatever you put your hands on, they will take it. Whatever you put your hands on, they will take it. Whatever you put your hands on, they will take it. It is not what It is not what It is not what you want, it you want, it you want, it is covered.  Ya is covered.  Ya is covered.  Ya no ya no ya no ya no ya no ya no ya no [screaming sound] nothing more than this [screaming sound] nothing more than this Prem Vayu this cake Mari Mummy aa this this cake Mari Mummy aa this this cake Mari Mummy aa this new car new card give me clothes give me clothes give me clothes give me clothes didi give me bring clothes give me clothes didi give me bring clothes give me clothes didi give me bring clothes give me clothes clothes clothes oh oh oh such a big brother I will eat ok that's it happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday Panu Hardik Bhaiya Hardik Bhaiya Hardik Bhaiya feed Hardik Bhaiya. Wow new car M7X you've done it.  It's M7X you've done it.  It's M7X you've done it.  It's on your ventilated seat.  It is in the screen. on your ventilated seat.  It is in the screen. on your ventilated seat.  It is in the screen. From here on the ventilated seat.  Ok? From here on the ventilated seat.  Ok? From here on the ventilated seat.  Ok? Ok. Ok. Ok. These are your dry modes.  This Mard and These are your dry modes.  This Mard and These are your dry modes.  This Mard and Sand, Sand, Sand, we we we also have Mard and Sand in it, also have Mard and Sand in it, also have Mard and Sand in it, yes Mard and Sand, yes Mard and Sand, yes Mard and Sand, this thing of running mom, I will this thing of running mom, I will this thing of running mom, I will fill some oil in it and fill some oil in it and fill some oil in it and make it in front of you, make it in front of you, make it in front of you, if the screen which is in XV is given in Thar if the screen which is in XV is given in Thar if the screen which is in XV is given in Thar then brother there will be no match for Thar, then brother there will be no match for Thar, then brother there will be no match for Thar, then Thar will sell so much, we cannot even imagine it.   Should I turn it off then Thar will sell so much, we cannot even imagine it.   Should I turn it off ?   I'm ?   I'm ?   I'm liking it?   Should I liking it?   Should I liking it?   Should I close the house?   Are close the house?   Are close the house?   Are you enjoying it?   Should I you enjoying it?   Should I you enjoying it?   Should I close the house?   Yes, please do it. close the house?   Yes, please do it. close the house?   Yes, please do it. Listen, are you feeling good? Listen, are you feeling good? Listen, are you feeling good? Give me the car, Mama I Give me the car, Mama I Give me the car, Mama I like it, like it, like it, this is not our car, this is not our car, this is not our car, Happy, Happy, Happy, this is completely our car, it is this is completely our car, it is this is completely our car, it is not our car, our car is outside, now this not our car, our car is outside, now this not our car, our car is outside, now this too is ours, too is ours, too is ours, yes yes yes alert history ma'am, alert history ma'am, alert history ma'am, he has got the DF filled at 72%, he he has got the DF filled at 72%, he he has got the DF filled at 72%, he should take 72% money too, then this is wrong should take 72% money too, then this is wrong should take 72% money too, then this is wrong thing of yours, no, with love, with no, with love, with no, with love, with love, politely, love, politely, love, politely, what happened, why is it not working, if there is a what happened, why is it not working, if there is a what happened, why is it not working, if there is a problem outside, then problem outside, then problem outside, then why is there a problem, why is there a problem, why is there a problem, I have to go out, Mama, I have to go out, Mama, I have to go out, Mama, like outside, we were just checking the features etc., right now we were just checking the features etc., right now we were just checking the features etc., right now our sunroof is not opening, so we are checking, let's see our sunroof is not opening, so we are checking, let's see our sunroof is not opening, so we are checking, let's see why it is not why it is not why it is not opening, what is the problem, it opening, what is the problem, it opening, what is the problem, it comes.  There is machinery.  This is our mother's comes.  There is machinery.  This is our mother's comes.  There is machinery.  This is our mother's second most favourite car which we are buying. second most favourite car which we are buying. second most favourite car which we are buying. How are you feeling, mom?   You are How are you feeling, mom?   You are How are you feeling, mom?   You are looking great brother.  [laughter] looking great brother.  [laughter] looking great brother.  [laughter] Will you hang out with me now? Will you hang out with me now? Will you hang out with me now? Oh, Oh, Oh, tell me where will you go?   If tell me where will you go?   If tell me where will you go?   If you go, she will take it. you go, she will take it. you go, she will take it. Mummy said take me to Khatu Shyam ji, take me to Mummy said take me to Khatu Shyam ji, take me to Mummy said take me to Khatu Shyam ji, take me to Milpur.  I will not go beyond that.  Then Milpur.  I will not go beyond that.  Then Milpur.  I will not go beyond that.  Then my buffalo will be left [laughs].   That's my buffalo will be left [laughs].   That's my buffalo will be left [laughs].   That's correct.  And more correct.  And more correct.  And more but it's good.  We took it.  Finally. but it's good.  We took it.  Finally. but it's good.  We took it.  Finally. Mom was saying for a long time that Pratibha, Mom was saying for a long time that Pratibha, Mom was saying for a long time that Pratibha, you should leave everything.  Take that car, you should leave everything.  Take that car, you should leave everything.  Take that car, take that car, so we chose this one. take that car, so we chose this one. take that car, so we chose this one. Clothes. Clothes. Clothes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.  We also took money from mom.   There was Yes.  We also took money from mom.   There was Yes.  We also took money from mom.   There was some learning issue in the sunroof. some learning issue in the sunroof. some learning issue in the sunroof. So they corrected it from there onwards. So they corrected it from there onwards. So they corrected it from there onwards. Now it's working.  It's fine.  I Now it's working.  It's fine.  I Now it's working.  It's fine.  I even opened it two-three times and checked.  So it's even opened it two-three times and checked.  So it's even opened it two-three times and checked.  So it's good.  [Music] [Music] [Music ] [Music] [Music ] Oh wow Vayu, what is she doing Didi, now we need Panu Panu for Vayu, Vayu, one by one, a little bit, a little bit for now we need Panu Panu for Vayu, Vayu, one by one, a little bit, a little bit for now we need Panu Panu for Vayu, Vayu, one by one, a little bit, a little bit for Mama too, see Panu Didi, she will Mama too, see Panu Didi, she will Mama too, see Panu Didi, she will apply it for Mama too, oh apply it for Mama too, oh apply it for Mama too, oh come on brother, close your eyes, close your eyes, one two come on brother, close your eyes, close your eyes, one two come on brother, close your eyes, close your eyes, one two three, it is applied three, it is applied three, it is applied [laughs] it doesn't look [laughs] it doesn't look [laughs] it doesn't look crooked, come inside, let's do the puja Om Shaktimaan, we are so big, now we are going to take running shots of our car now we are going to take running shots of our car now we are going to take running shots of our car because because because our team wants perfection.  So let's go and have our team wants perfection.  So let's go and have our team wants perfection.  So let's go and have some fun. some fun. some fun.