The brand new private Rasasi line from The brand new private Rasasi line from The brand new private Rasasi line from Fragrance Sense. This is a huge box. Let Fragrance Sense. This is a huge box. Let Fragrance Sense. This is a huge box. Let me go ahead and open it and I'll show me go ahead and open it and I'll show me go ahead and open it and I'll show you what's inside. And what do we have you what's inside. And what do we have you what's inside. And what do we have in here? So, from what I've been told, in here? So, from what I've been told, in here? So, from what I've been told, this is a collection of three fragrances this is a collection of three fragrances this is a collection of three fragrances from Rasasi. Look at that. from Rasasi. Look at that. from Rasasi. Look at that. This is what the inside of the box looks This is what the inside of the box looks This is what the inside of the box looks like. So, one side of this box here has like. So, one side of this box here has like. So, one side of this box here has something that kind of looks like a something that kind of looks like a something that kind of looks like a fidget spinner. Oh, wow. This is fidget spinner. Oh, wow. This is fidget spinner. Oh, wow. This is actually a necklace of some sort. So, we actually a necklace of some sort. So, we actually a necklace of some sort. So, we have some cards with some information on have some cards with some information on have some cards with some information on the fragrances presumably. This is our the fragrances presumably. This is our the fragrances presumably. This is our recognition and honor for a decade of recognition and honor for a decade of recognition and honor for a decade of loyalty. loyalty. loyalty. These are blotters. These are going to These are blotters. These are going to These are blotters. These are going to come in clutch. Oh my goodness. come in clutch. Oh my goodness. come in clutch. Oh my goodness. Wow. Here are the three Hawas Wow. Here are the three Hawas Wow. Here are the three Hawas fragrances. Let me put this to the side. fragrances. Let me put this to the side. fragrances. Let me put this to the side. These boxes are quite different from the These boxes are quite different from the These boxes are quite different from the other Rasasi fragrances that I have in other Rasasi fragrances that I have in other Rasasi fragrances that I have in my collection. So, we have Luceus, we my collection. So, we have Luceus, we my collection. So, we have Luceus, we have Terra, have Terra, have Terra, and lastly, we have Dulce. So, I'm going and lastly, we have Dulce. So, I'm going and lastly, we have Dulce. So, I'm going to go ahead and open them up and I'll to go ahead and open them up and I'll to go ahead and open them up and I'll show you what they're all about. So, show you what they're all about. So, show you what they're all about. So, let's go ahead and start things off now let's go ahead and start things off now let's go ahead and start things off now that we have them opened up. We have that we have them opened up. We have that we have them opened up. We have Hawas Terra. Hawas Terra. Hawas Terra. Just take a look at the attention to Just take a look at the attention to Just take a look at the attention to detail on the inside. You have the snake detail on the inside. You have the snake detail on the inside. You have the snake motif. You have this flap that comes up. motif. You have this flap that comes up. motif. You have this flap that comes up. So, the bottles are characteristically So, the bottles are characteristically So, the bottles are characteristically Rasasi. So, let's go ahead and try Terra Rasasi. So, let's go ahead and try Terra Rasasi. So, let's go ahead and try Terra first. This is very leathery. This is first. This is very leathery. This is first. This is very leathery. This is probably going to be my favorite of the probably going to be my favorite of the probably going to be my favorite of the entire bunch. So, Fragrance Sense, I entire bunch. So, Fragrance Sense, I entire bunch. So, Fragrance Sense, I know has these, which is super cool, but know has these, which is super cool, but know has these, which is super cool, but you know what? This is a dark, leathery, you know what? This is a dark, leathery, you know what? This is a dark, leathery, luxurious, and sophisticated smelling luxurious, and sophisticated smelling luxurious, and sophisticated smelling fragrance. I love this one. Let's now go fragrance. I love this one. Let's now go fragrance. I love this one. Let's now go ahead and try Dulce. Now, if the name ahead and try Dulce. Now, if the name ahead and try Dulce. Now, if the name conveys anything, I'm under the conveys anything, I'm under the conveys anything, I'm under the impression that this is going to be on impression that this is going to be on impression that this is going to be on the sweeter side of things. So, let's go the sweeter side of things. So, let's go the sweeter side of things. So, let's go ahead and try it. ahead and try it. ahead and try it. Oh, it's sweet. It's cozy. Oh, it's sweet. It's cozy. Oh, it's sweet. It's cozy. It's fruity. It's a bit flirty. I'm It's fruity. It's a bit flirty. I'm It's fruity. It's a bit flirty. I'm almost getting like this caramel nuance almost getting like this caramel nuance almost getting like this caramel nuance to it. Definitely more of a playful, to it. Definitely more of a playful, to it. Definitely more of a playful, sensual night out fragrance. And the sensual night out fragrance. And the sensual night out fragrance. And the last one up is Luceal. But, let's go last one up is Luceal. But, let's go last one up is Luceal. But, let's go ahead and try it and we'll smell it. And ahead and try it and we'll smell it. And ahead and try it and we'll smell it. And from what I'm given to understand, all from what I'm given to understand, all from what I'm given to understand, all three of these are original creations. three of these are original creations. three of these are original creations. And here we go. Oh, yeah. This is And here we go. Oh, yeah. This is And here we go. Oh, yeah. This is definitely on the fresher side of definitely on the fresher side of definitely on the fresher side of things. Incredibly versatile. Very things. Incredibly versatile. Very things. Incredibly versatile. Very fresh, very citrusy. fresh, very citrusy. fresh, very citrusy. Maybe grapefruit, bergamot. You have an Maybe grapefruit, bergamot. You have an Maybe grapefruit, bergamot. You have an aquatic presence in here as well. aquatic presence in here as well. aquatic presence in here as well. Honestly, super safe, super easy to wear Honestly, super safe, super easy to wear Honestly, super safe, super easy to wear for the summer time or if you happen to for the summer time or if you happen to for the summer time or if you happen to live in a warm climate, I think this one live in a warm climate, I think this one live in a warm climate, I think this one is going to be a hit. Oh, and by the is going to be a hit. Oh, and by the is going to be a hit. Oh, and by the way, the last one I've been smelling it way, the last one I've been smelling it way, the last one I've been smelling it for a while now. In the family of for a while now. In the family of for a while now. In the family of Vibrato or Tiger, a lot of grapefruit, Vibrato or Tiger, a lot of grapefruit, Vibrato or Tiger, a lot of grapefruit, ginger, ambroxan. It's very good. ginger, ambroxan. It's very good. ginger, ambroxan. It's very good. Ultimately, the three new Rasasis some Ultimately, the three new Rasasis some Ultimately, the three new Rasasis some of their best fragrances ever.