The brand new private Rasasi line from
Fragrance Sense. This is a huge box. Let
me go ahead and open it and I'll show
you what's inside. And what do we have
in here? So, from what I've been told,
this is a collection of three fragrances
from Rasasi. Look at that.
This is what the inside of the box looks
like. So, one side of this box here has
something that kind of looks like a
fidget spinner. Oh, wow. This is
actually a necklace of some sort. So, we
have some cards with some information on
the fragrances presumably. This is our
recognition and honor for a decade of
loyalty.
These are blotters. These are going to
come in clutch. Oh my goodness.
Wow. Here are the three Hawas
fragrances. Let me put this to the side.
These boxes are quite different from the
other Rasasi fragrances that I have in
my collection. So, we have Luceus, we
have Terra,
and lastly, we have Dulce. So, I'm going
to go ahead and open them up and I'll
show you what they're all about. So,
let's go ahead and start things off now
that we have them opened up. We have
Hawas Terra.
Just take a look at the attention to
detail on the inside. You have the snake
motif. You have this flap that comes up.
So, the bottles are characteristically
Rasasi. So, let's go ahead and try Terra
first. This is very leathery. This is
probably going to be my favorite of the
entire bunch. So, Fragrance Sense, I
know has these, which is super cool, but
you know what? This is a dark, leathery,
luxurious, and sophisticated smelling
fragrance. I love this one. Let's now go
ahead and try Dulce. Now, if the name
conveys anything, I'm under the
impression that this is going to be on
the sweeter side of things. So, let's go
ahead and try it.
Oh, it's sweet. It's cozy.
It's fruity. It's a bit flirty. I'm
almost getting like this caramel nuance
to it. Definitely more of a playful,
sensual night out fragrance. And the
last one up is Luceal. But, let's go
ahead and try it and we'll smell it. And
from what I'm given to understand, all
three of these are original creations.
And here we go. Oh, yeah. This is
definitely on the fresher side of
things. Incredibly versatile. Very
fresh, very citrusy.
Maybe grapefruit, bergamot. You have an
aquatic presence in here as well.
Honestly, super safe, super easy to wear
for the summer time or if you happen to
live in a warm climate, I think this one
is going to be a hit. Oh, and by the
way, the last one I've been smelling it
for a while now. In the family of
Vibrato or Tiger, a lot of grapefruit,
ginger, ambroxan. It's very good.
Ultimately, the three new Rasasis some
of their best fragrances ever.
