If you want a perfume that conveys both If you want a perfume that conveys both If you want a perfume that conveys both elegance and refreshment, you have to go elegance and refreshment, you have to go elegance and refreshment, you have to go with the brand new Sparkling Royal by with the brand new Sparkling Royal by with the brand new Sparkling Royal by Kilian Paris from the Cocktails Kilian Paris from the Cocktails Kilian Paris from the Cocktails collection. This smells like a very collection. This smells like a very collection. This smells like a very luxurious French aperitif. You have the luxurious French aperitif. You have the luxurious French aperitif. You have the blackcurrant in the opening, the rose, blackcurrant in the opening, the rose, blackcurrant in the opening, the rose, the mint, the lemon. It's so bright and the mint, the lemon. It's so bright and the mint, the lemon. It's so bright and refreshing in the opening, but then it refreshing in the opening, but then it refreshing in the opening, but then it settles into this elegant and romantic settles into this elegant and romantic settles into this elegant and romantic heart on account of the rose, and it heart on account of the rose, and it heart on account of the rose, and it dries down into this delicious roasted dries down into this delicious roasted dries down into this delicious roasted tonka bean accord. This is a beautiful tonka bean accord. This is a beautiful tonka bean accord. This is a beautiful night out and evening scent. It is built night out and evening scent. It is built night out and evening scent. It is built for those elegant evenings. If you're for those elegant evenings. If you're for those elegant evenings. If you're wearing a beautiful dress, or if you're wearing a beautiful dress, or if you're wearing a beautiful dress, or if you're a gentleman wearing a really nice suit a gentleman wearing a really nice suit a gentleman wearing a really nice suit and tie, this is an incredibly unisex and tie, this is an incredibly unisex and tie, this is an incredibly unisex fragrance, and it's incredibly elegant fragrance, and it's incredibly elegant fragrance, and it's incredibly elegant as well. If you're looking for something as well. If you're looking for something as well. If you're looking for something that embodies class and refinement, you that embodies class and refinement, you that embodies class and refinement, you definitely have to go with the brand new definitely have to go with the brand new definitely have to go with the brand new Sparkling Royal by Kilian Paris.