It seems that even after getting ready like a Gopi in Vrindavan, It seems that even after getting ready like a Gopi in Vrindavan, It seems that even after getting ready like a Gopi in Vrindavan, I will not be able to see Kanha ji. I will not be able to see Kanha ji. I will not be able to see Kanha ji. So brother, you left home So brother, you left home So brother, you left home for Jaipur but where did you reach?  Straight to Vrindavan for Jaipur but where did you reach?  Straight to Vrindavan for Jaipur but where did you reach?  Straight to Vrindavan with our group because the wish we had made has been with our group because the wish we had made has been with our group because the wish we had made has been fulfilled, hence we are going to fulfilled, hence we are going to fulfilled, hence we are going to visit Prem Mandir.  So let's get visit Prem Mandir.  So let's get visit Prem Mandir.  So let's get ready to become Gopi. ready to become Gopi. ready to become Gopi. For which I have this white skirt, a For which I have this white skirt, a For which I have this white skirt, a simple pink blouse and this dupatta which simple pink blouse and this dupatta which simple pink blouse and this dupatta which I have styled like this.  Now let me I have styled like this.  Now let me I have styled like this.  Now let me wear my family heirloom ₹150 necklace wear my family heirloom ₹150 necklace wear my family heirloom ₹150 necklace and these golden earrings.  I had already and these golden earrings.  I had already and these golden earrings.  I had already applied my makeup, I was just confused, so applied my makeup, I was just confused, so applied my makeup, I was just confused, so I went to my bangle shop and I went to my bangle shop and I went to my bangle shop and wore a mix of pink and multi-colour and wore a mix of pink and multi-colour and wore a mix of pink and multi-colour and we came in such a hurry that we forgot to bring the pin, we came in such a hurry that we forgot to bring the pin, we came in such a hurry that we forgot to bring the pin, so my friend Varsha is stitching it. so my friend Varsha is stitching it. so my friend Varsha is stitching it. Oh my God, sometimes you should Oh my God, sometimes you should Oh my God, sometimes you should also get the stitches done.  Now I am ready and so is my also get the stitches done.  Now I am ready and so is my also get the stitches done.  Now I am ready and so is my group but oh these glass bangles, let us group but oh these glass bangles, let us group but oh these glass bangles, let us not be late because we are already not be late because we are already not be late because we are already leaving the room at 8:00.  It seems that leaving the room at 8:00.  It seems that leaving the room at 8:00.  It seems that Ladli Mandir will be closed.  But if I am Ladli Mandir will be closed.  But if I am Ladli Mandir will be closed.  But if I am lucky enough to see Lord Krishna, lucky enough to see Lord Krishna, lucky enough to see Lord Krishna, how can I stay behind?  I did how can I stay behind?  I did how can I stay behind?  I did not ask for anything but I got so engrossed in saying thank you not ask for anything but I got so engrossed in saying thank you not ask for anything but I got so engrossed in saying thank you that Budhudev got confused.   Should I that Budhudev got confused.   Should I that Budhudev got confused.   Should I ask for something or let it be?  It seems that ask for something or let it be?  It seems that ask for something or let it be?  It seems that Mota Bhai has also secretly asked for something. Mota Bhai has also secretly asked for something. Mota Bhai has also secretly asked for something. Now you all also quickly visit the temple Now you all also quickly visit the temple Now you all also quickly visit the temple and ask for something.  Your day will be auspicious. and ask for something.  Your day will be auspicious. and ask for something.  Your day will be auspicious. Radhe Radhe.