I have an exam today and it is raining so heavily outside. I have an exam today and it is raining so heavily outside. I have an exam today and it is raining so heavily outside. But you will have to appear for the exam. But you will have to appear for the exam. But you will have to appear for the exam. So I have to go to college somehow. So I have to go to college somehow. So I have to go to college somehow. So let's get ready quickly.  Are you So let's get ready quickly.  Are you So let's get ready quickly.  Are you ready for the exam or not?  But if you are ready to give the exam then you will have to go. ready for the exam or not?  But if you are ready to give the exam then you will have to go. ready for the exam or not?  But if you are ready to give the exam then you will have to go. So So So today I am going to college with mom in such heavy rain today I am going to college with mom in such heavy rain today I am going to college with mom in such heavy rain and mom is going to drop me. and mom is going to drop me. and mom is going to drop me. And the college is already taking my exam. And the college is already taking my exam. And the college is already taking my exam. This rain is also testing me This rain is also testing me This rain is also testing me because as soon as I went out with my mother, the because as soon as I went out with my mother, the because as soon as I went out with my mother, the rain also stopped.  So now we have reached rain also stopped.  So now we have reached rain also stopped.  So now we have reached college.  So we quickly run inside college.  So we quickly run inside college.  So we quickly run inside because we are already late due to the first rain.  Due to because we are already late due to the first rain.  Due to because we are already late due to the first rain.  Due to hurry, the hurry, the hurry, the exam has gone so haphazardly and messily that I can't even exam has gone so haphazardly and messily that I can't even exam has gone so haphazardly and messily that I can't even tell you and these college teachers tell you and these college teachers tell you and these college teachers treat us as if we are treat us as if we are treat us as if we are terrorists.  I am not allowing any cheating at all, friend. terrorists.  I am not allowing any cheating at all, friend. terrorists.  I am not allowing any cheating at all, friend. But no problem, I have But no problem, I have But no problem, I have enough confidence in myself to pass the exam. enough confidence in myself to pass the exam. enough confidence in myself to pass the exam. Now let's go out of the college and Now let's go out of the college and Now let's go out of the college and after walking for a while, we take an after walking for a while, we take an after walking for a while, we take an auto.  We were saved while going to college auto.  We were saved while going to college auto.  We were saved while going to college because mom had gone to drop us, but because mom had gone to drop us, but because mom had gone to drop us, but we are not going to be saved while coming back because this rain we are not going to be saved while coming back because this rain we are not going to be saved while coming back because this rain knows that we are coming as a motorbike.  That's why the knows that we are coming as a motorbike.  That's why the knows that we are coming as a motorbike.  That's why the rain is not stopping.  Then rain is not stopping.  Then rain is not stopping.  Then my sister brings an umbrella for me and the my sister brings an umbrella for me and the my sister brings an umbrella for me and the poor girl goes away drenched herself and look, a poor girl goes away drenched herself and look, a poor girl goes away drenched herself and look, a small Ganga is also flowing here.  If it rains for a little longer, small Ganga is also flowing here.  If it rains for a little longer, small Ganga is also flowing here.  If it rains for a little longer, this road will become a big Ganga and this road will become a big Ganga and this road will become a big Ganga and then one will not be able to walk on it.  Well, then one will not be able to walk on it.  Well, then one will not be able to walk on it.  Well, somehow we completed all the missions and reached home somehow we completed all the missions and reached home somehow we completed all the missions and reached home and I am very hungry, so we should eat quickly. and I am very hungry, so we should eat quickly.