So what if I take a cold drink and So what if I take a cold drink and So what if I take a cold drink and drink it and then drink it and then drink it and then make a fake cold drink with the help of color and return it.  Will make a fake cold drink with the help of color and return it.  Will make a fake cold drink with the help of color and return it.  Will I be caught or will I I be caught or will I I be caught or will I escape?  So to see this, first escape?  So to see this, first escape?  So to see this, first I entered a shop and bought I entered a shop and bought I entered a shop and bought a cold drink from there and then after paying the money a cold drink from there and then after paying the money a cold drink from there and then after paying the money I came to a place where no one could see me committing the crime. I came to a place where no one could see me committing the crime. And after drinking all the cold drinks, I And after drinking all the cold drinks, I And after drinking all the cold drinks, I filled the empty bottle with water and filled the empty bottle with water and filled the empty bottle with water and also added black colour to make it look real.  And then also added black colour to make it look real.  And then also added black colour to make it look real.  And then after mixing it well, finally after mixing it well, finally after mixing it well, finally our fake cold drink is ready.  So let's see if our fake cold drink is ready.  So let's see if our fake cold drink is ready.  So let's see if it comes back or not.  So as soon as I went there it comes back or not.  So as soon as I went there it comes back or not.  So as soon as I went there I gave my cold drink to the shopkeeper.   The I gave my cold drink to the shopkeeper.   The I gave my cold drink to the shopkeeper.   The shopkeeper looked at it for a while and took my money and shopkeeper looked at it for a while and took my money and shopkeeper looked at it for a while and took my money and gave it to me.  And as soon as I get the money, I leave the gave it to me.  And as soon as I get the money, I leave the gave it to me.  And as soon as I get the money, I leave the shop.