I now have a live update to share with you
all. [nasal sound]
I'm in a stable relationship now. Ok
? Actually I am in a living relationship
now with my girlfriend. Or
[applause] my maid clapped I don't
know.
She has been thinking for the last one and a half months what a
relationship is called. [laughter]
Now she's opening up to us. Ok. The
other one is saying, sister, did you both
not get married? If you don't get married then five my
captive mother you idiot. [laughter] She's saying upfront,
hey sister, my husband is in the army.
Brother Didi, instant salute. She said, yes,
yes, her husband is
posted under me. I felt so bad for my husband.
Bhaich is saluting your husband.
I thought that the night is over, the matter is over, the drama will end here
brother, no, from the next day my
crazy girl started roaming around the house with her hair parted
Didi there was getting excited that sir is coming,
sir is coming, she was saying yes
didi make chole puri tomorrow [laughs]
I am not able to handle it much, didi will
leave the work and go away, shut up you also put your hair
parted and wear bangles [laughs]
I said what is the plan brother, didi came the next day. As soon as
we saw them, both of us
started breaking bangles.
Forgot to soak the clothes.
I'm not the only one having fun, brother. I have
hired someone more fun loving than me.
She is my cook and she
likes tea made by me. [laughs] you
idiot brother, that day she is standing in the kitchen saying
hello didi I said hello how old are
you
I said 30
[laughs] why are you 30 she opened the fridge in front of me she
looked inside and said didi the eggs have
rotted
ma'am they have rotted in the fridge too [laughs]
now which technology will save me
brother she taunts me everyday she
says at your age we had three kids and I got pregnant with my
fourth I swear I was so tempted to
tell didi that didi
I am also trying it science is not supporting us
I thought no brother I should not give didi so much trauma
that she does not come to work and does not
take leave this is the real fear of adult toot
you know didi does not
take leave our didi is also fun loving with full jeezy
attitude brother every day she comes to work she
leaves us in suspense guess will I
come tomorrow or not
keep guessing bridge
earlier it did not matter to me earlier I used to
tell my family members, has mom come
mummy Should I give them two days off
they are also human beings,
when your human being
takes advance and runs to the village
and blocks you there.
I, a 30-year-old woman, now spend nights
before going to sleep thinking that I wish I could get closure from my sister.
Once upon a time, but
I think we had some mistakes too.
We were the ones who gave them a reason to leave. To
tell you the truth, one day sister caught us.
Fighting,
fighting, no, it's more obvious that two people are
a couple. Ok? [laughs] All couples
fight the same way. Ba Bha
Same Same Bhai, it is so easy for you to hurt your partner.
You know all his vulnerabilities.
Use it against him. The
secrets he told you last night in confidence.
But
my dad never gave me that much love.
What did your father do
for you the next morning?
That's how we are. [laughs]
So we were having a very dramatic fight that day.
Ok? My prisoner
likes that there should be a spectacle in the fight. He started
feeling that I had become proud of my money.
Which is true.
But he did not humble me properly. I fell
into deception. Took out two or four bundles of Rs 500. He
took out his rubber hand and hit
me on the face. Hey brother, he too has become proud of my money.
[laughter] Brother, there's cash all over the room.
Cash is cash. Make a full splash.
[laughs] At this very moment,
Didi entered the room from the back.
She is watching brother. She was
asking for advance for the last two days.
Then he asked me his final question,
which I accidentally answered correctly. She
is asking, sister, what work do you do?
I said, Didi, I told you that I go to
perform at night.
Sister is gone. [laughs] It's
very difficult when the cook leaves, you
know. You can't find a good cook,
brother. First she went, then another one came, and another one made
them both angry. Saying two
girls also cook.
Finally, guys, we hired a male.
We thought maybe this house needed a man. A
man will come to the house. we are women. The scope will remain. No
one will cross the line.
Ok? [ __ ] has no gender,
friend. [laughter] It's been
two days since this bastard came to work at our house. He's
staring at both of us from the kitchen and saying
, [sound of clearing throat] Lee, which one of you two
is the brother?
[cheering] [applause] I
swear I wanted so much to pull the belt out of someone's pants
and put it on a four-year-old. Then
I didn't feel it. In this way he will get the answer.
Bhaiya, I have got a very fun loving cook, he
cooks well, very good cook is fine
but highly professional is not even required, he comes to
work wearing a tie every day, he comes to cook
wearing a tie, as soon as he comes in the
morning, Didi, what should I cook, where should I go and make a
PPT, you crazy bastard,
what is the need for so much formality, friend, this is a
house of two girls. Ok? Two
girls' house let me tell you guys.
Look, especially at night, we
sleep without taking off our bra. I wear it the next morning
when I get a chance. Our laughing and playing bra
lace.
We don't even remember. I know, I get restless like this.
He comes early in the morning wearing a tie.
[laughs] I didn't wear a bra.
Sister, what should I make as soon as you come? I said, hey
brother
play the cauliflower. [Applause]
You don't understand, Guy. It is very difficult to
know when a same-sex relationship will happen in this country. You
know, we used to host our friends at our house with so much enthusiasm
that yes, we are just two
people. These elders came and
started calling their friends. Any random person is
coming to our house saying, come let me
show you the house of lesbians.
People come with certain expectations. We enter in such a way that as soon as we
enter, we might
see something big on the wall. Puti Vilas.
We'll both come riding on a unicorn.
[laughs] The
most support I get is
from single straight men in this country. Whenever
I told any friend that bro by the way
now me and my girlfriend live together. The
eyes get so big [laughs]
Nice.
[laughs] I said, stop it, you fool, will you give away the bride
? There
is so much curiosity in people. At
least don't talk like this in our house.
Sitting on our sofa, they keep wandering like this that it is a
very good thing that you two girls are together [laughs]
but if there are two girls then who among you is
more
what is this brother you are saying, I mean you understand that
as there are two girls you must be crying
often then who will make you quiet
when there is a man in the house then why are we crying
[praise] he is
saying that it
means like sometimes it happens that the pickle
cap will not open, shut up you crazy man,
ask directly and the direct question is who is the
man of the relationship, okay I hate this question
[laughter] because I know the answer,
why should you tell me brother, it will be good for the family to
hear that after 30 years a son has been born in the house.
[laughter] There's
no single answer, friends. Gender is a
spectrum. Ok? The answer is changing every day.
It depends.
It depends on which end of the vibrator
you are on.
Yes? Sometimes there is no man in this house.
No gents. Only two mental ladies.
Our energies clash so much,
so much feminine energy that even if we are kissing, one of them will
leave and say it.
Do you know what happened today?
After that gossip continues for six hours. [laughter]
One day we went from 69 to a foursome. So
what happened next? But
every recent allegation is about me that he made
this disgusting allegation on me that you are
Swati, you are only because when I went to stay at his house, I
mean I went to my partner's in-laws' house to stay for
15 days, they were also
excited, don't know whether the daughter-in-law has come, the son-in-law has come,
who has come, let's find out, but when
I was upset for two whole weeks, then it became
clear to them that oh
this is some uncle.
yes [music]
