I now have a live update to share with you I now have a live update to share with you I now have a live update to share with you all.  [nasal sound] all.  [nasal sound] all.  [nasal sound] I'm in a stable relationship now.  Ok I'm in a stable relationship now.  Ok I'm in a stable relationship now.  Ok ?  Actually I am in a living relationship ?  Actually I am in a living relationship ?  Actually I am in a living relationship now with my girlfriend.  Or now with my girlfriend.  Or now with my girlfriend.  Or [applause] my maid clapped I don't [applause] my maid clapped I don't [applause] my maid clapped I don't know. know. know. She has been thinking for the last one and a half months what a She has been thinking for the last one and a half months what a She has been thinking for the last one and a half months what a relationship is called.  [laughter] relationship is called.  [laughter] relationship is called.  [laughter] Now she's opening up to us.  Ok.   The Now she's opening up to us.  Ok.   The Now she's opening up to us.  Ok.   The other one is saying, sister, did you both other one is saying, sister, did you both other one is saying, sister, did you both not get married?  If you don't get married then five my not get married?  If you don't get married then five my not get married?  If you don't get married then five my captive mother you idiot.  [laughter] She's saying upfront, captive mother you idiot.  [laughter] She's saying upfront, captive mother you idiot.  [laughter] She's saying upfront, hey sister, my husband is in the army. hey sister, my husband is in the army. hey sister, my husband is in the army. Brother Didi, instant salute.  She said, yes, Brother Didi, instant salute.  She said, yes, Brother Didi, instant salute.  She said, yes, yes, her husband is yes, her husband is yes, her husband is posted under me.  I felt so bad for my husband. posted under me.  I felt so bad for my husband. posted under me.  I felt so bad for my husband. Bhaich is saluting your husband. Bhaich is saluting your husband. Bhaich is saluting your husband. I thought that the night is over, the matter is over, the drama will end here I thought that the night is over, the matter is over, the drama will end here I thought that the night is over, the matter is over, the drama will end here brother, no, from the next day my brother, no, from the next day my brother, no, from the next day my crazy girl started roaming around the house with her hair parted crazy girl started roaming around the house with her hair parted crazy girl started roaming around the house with her hair parted Didi there was getting excited that sir is coming, Didi there was getting excited that sir is coming, Didi there was getting excited that sir is coming, sir is coming, she was saying yes sir is coming, she was saying yes sir is coming, she was saying yes didi make chole puri tomorrow [laughs] didi make chole puri tomorrow [laughs] didi make chole puri tomorrow [laughs] I am not able to handle it much, didi will I am not able to handle it much, didi will I am not able to handle it much, didi will leave the work and go away, shut up you also put your hair leave the work and go away, shut up you also put your hair leave the work and go away, shut up you also put your hair parted and wear bangles [laughs] I said what is the plan brother, didi came the next day.  As soon as I said what is the plan brother, didi came the next day.  As soon as I said what is the plan brother, didi came the next day.  As soon as we saw them, both of us we saw them, both of us we saw them, both of us started breaking bangles. Forgot to soak the clothes. I'm not the only one having fun, brother.  I have I'm not the only one having fun, brother.  I have I'm not the only one having fun, brother.  I have hired someone more fun loving than me. hired someone more fun loving than me. hired someone more fun loving than me. She is my cook and she She is my cook and she She is my cook and she likes tea made by me.  [laughs] you likes tea made by me.  [laughs] you likes tea made by me.  [laughs] you idiot brother, that day she is standing in the kitchen saying idiot brother, that day she is standing in the kitchen saying idiot brother, that day she is standing in the kitchen saying hello didi I said hello how old are hello didi I said hello how old are hello didi I said hello how old are you you you I said 30 I said 30 I said 30 [laughs] why are you 30 she opened the fridge in front of me she [laughs] why are you 30 she opened the fridge in front of me she [laughs] why are you 30 she opened the fridge in front of me she looked inside and said didi the eggs have looked inside and said didi the eggs have looked inside and said didi the eggs have rotted rotted rotted ma'am they have rotted in the fridge too [laughs] ma'am they have rotted in the fridge too [laughs] ma'am they have rotted in the fridge too [laughs] now which technology will save me brother she taunts me everyday she brother she taunts me everyday she brother she taunts me everyday she says at your age we had three kids and I got pregnant with my says at your age we had three kids and I got pregnant with my says at your age we had three kids and I got pregnant with my fourth I swear I was so tempted to fourth I swear I was so tempted to fourth I swear I was so tempted to tell didi that didi tell didi that didi tell didi that didi I am also trying it science is not supporting us I am also trying it science is not supporting us I thought no brother I should not give didi so much trauma I thought no brother I should not give didi so much trauma I thought no brother I should not give didi so much trauma that she does not come to work and does not that she does not come to work and does not that she does not come to work and does not take leave this is the real fear of adult toot take leave this is the real fear of adult toot take leave this is the real fear of adult toot you know didi does not you know didi does not you know didi does not take leave our didi is also fun loving with full jeezy take leave our didi is also fun loving with full jeezy take leave our didi is also fun loving with full jeezy attitude brother every day she comes to work she attitude brother every day she comes to work she attitude brother every day she comes to work she leaves us in suspense guess will I leaves us in suspense guess will I leaves us in suspense guess will I come tomorrow or not come tomorrow or not come tomorrow or not keep guessing bridge keep guessing bridge keep guessing bridge earlier it did not matter to me earlier I used to earlier it did not matter to me earlier I used to earlier it did not matter to me earlier I used to tell my family members, has mom come tell my family members, has mom come tell my family members, has mom come mummy  Should I give them two days off mummy  Should I give them two days off mummy  Should I give them two days off they are also human beings, when your human being when your human being when your human being takes advance and runs to the village takes advance and runs to the village takes advance and runs to the village and blocks you there. and blocks you there. and blocks you there. I, a 30-year-old woman, now spend nights I, a 30-year-old woman, now spend nights I, a 30-year-old woman, now spend nights before going to sleep thinking that I wish I could get closure from my sister. before going to sleep thinking that I wish I could get closure from my sister. before going to sleep thinking that I wish I could get closure from my sister. Once upon a time, but I think we had some mistakes too. I think we had some mistakes too. I think we had some mistakes too. We were the ones who gave them a reason to leave.   To We were the ones who gave them a reason to leave.   To We were the ones who gave them a reason to leave.   To tell you the truth, one day sister caught us. tell you the truth, one day sister caught us. tell you the truth, one day sister caught us. Fighting, Fighting, Fighting, fighting, no, it's more obvious that two people are fighting, no, it's more obvious that two people are fighting, no, it's more obvious that two people are a couple.  Ok?  [laughs] All couples a couple.  Ok?  [laughs] All couples a couple.  Ok?  [laughs] All couples fight the same way.  Ba Bha Same Same Bhai, it is so easy for you to hurt your partner. Same Same Bhai, it is so easy for you to hurt your partner. You know all his vulnerabilities. You know all his vulnerabilities. You know all his vulnerabilities. Use it against him.   The Use it against him.   The Use it against him.   The secrets he told you last night in confidence. secrets he told you last night in confidence. secrets he told you last night in confidence. But But But my dad never gave me that much love. my dad never gave me that much love. my dad never gave me that much love. What did your father do What did your father do What did your father do for you the next morning? for you the next morning? for you the next morning? That's how we are.  [laughs] That's how we are.  [laughs] That's how we are.  [laughs] So we were having a very dramatic fight that day. So we were having a very dramatic fight that day. So we were having a very dramatic fight that day. Ok?  My prisoner Ok?  My prisoner Ok?  My prisoner likes that there should be a spectacle in the fight.  He started likes that there should be a spectacle in the fight.  He started likes that there should be a spectacle in the fight.  He started feeling that I had become proud of my money. feeling that I had become proud of my money. feeling that I had become proud of my money. Which is true. Which is true. Which is true. But he did not humble me properly.  I fell But he did not humble me properly.  I fell But he did not humble me properly.  I fell into deception.  Took out two or four bundles of Rs 500.  He into deception.  Took out two or four bundles of Rs 500.  He into deception.  Took out two or four bundles of Rs 500.  He took out his rubber hand and hit took out his rubber hand and hit took out his rubber hand and hit me on the face.  Hey brother, he too has become proud of my money. me on the face.  Hey brother, he too has become proud of my money. me on the face.  Hey brother, he too has become proud of my money. [laughter] Brother, there's cash all over the room. [laughter] Brother, there's cash all over the room. [laughter] Brother, there's cash all over the room. Cash is cash.  Make a full splash. Cash is cash.  Make a full splash. Cash is cash.  Make a full splash. [laughs] At this very moment, [laughs] At this very moment, [laughs] At this very moment, Didi entered the room from the back. Didi entered the room from the back. Didi entered the room from the back. She is watching brother.   She was She is watching brother.   She was She is watching brother.   She was asking for advance for the last two days. asking for advance for the last two days. asking for advance for the last two days. Then he asked me his final question, Then he asked me his final question, Then he asked me his final question, which I accidentally answered correctly.  She which I accidentally answered correctly.  She which I accidentally answered correctly.  She is asking, sister, what work do you do? is asking, sister, what work do you do? is asking, sister, what work do you do? I said, Didi, I told you that I go to I said, Didi, I told you that I go to I said, Didi, I told you that I go to perform at night. Sister is gone.  [laughs] It's Sister is gone.  [laughs] It's Sister is gone.  [laughs] It's very difficult when the cook leaves, you very difficult when the cook leaves, you very difficult when the cook leaves, you know.  You can't find a good cook, know.  You can't find a good cook, know.  You can't find a good cook, brother.  First she went, then another one came, and another one made brother.  First she went, then another one came, and another one made brother.  First she went, then another one came, and another one made them both angry.  Saying two them both angry.  Saying two them both angry.  Saying two girls also cook. Finally, guys, we hired a male. Finally, guys, we hired a male. Finally, guys, we hired a male. We thought maybe this house needed a man.   A We thought maybe this house needed a man.   A man will come to the house.  we are women.  The scope will remain.  No man will come to the house.  we are women.  The scope will remain.  No man will come to the house.  we are women.  The scope will remain.  No one will cross the line. one will cross the line. one will cross the line. Ok?  [ __ ] has no gender, Ok?  [ __ ] has no gender, Ok?  [ __ ] has no gender, friend.  [laughter] It's been friend.  [laughter] It's been friend.  [laughter] It's been two days since this bastard came to work at our house.  He's two days since this bastard came to work at our house.  He's two days since this bastard came to work at our house.  He's staring at both of us from the kitchen and saying staring at both of us from the kitchen and saying staring at both of us from the kitchen and saying , [sound of clearing throat] Lee, which one of you two , [sound of clearing throat] Lee, which one of you two , [sound of clearing throat] Lee, which one of you two is the brother? is the brother? is the brother? [cheering] [applause] I swear I wanted so much to pull the belt out of someone's pants swear I wanted so much to pull the belt out of someone's pants swear I wanted so much to pull the belt out of someone's pants and put it on a four-year-old.  Then and put it on a four-year-old.  Then and put it on a four-year-old.  Then I didn't feel it.  In this way he will get the answer. I didn't feel it.  In this way he will get the answer. I didn't feel it.  In this way he will get the answer. Bhaiya, I have got a very fun loving cook, he Bhaiya, I have got a very fun loving cook, he Bhaiya, I have got a very fun loving cook, he cooks well, very good cook is fine cooks well, very good cook is fine cooks well, very good cook is fine but highly professional is not even required, he comes to but highly professional is not even required, he comes to but highly professional is not even required, he comes to work wearing a tie every day, he comes to cook work wearing a tie every day, he comes to cook work wearing a tie every day, he comes to cook wearing a tie, as soon as he comes in the wearing a tie, as soon as he comes in the wearing a tie, as soon as he comes in the morning, Didi, what should I cook, where should I go and make a morning, Didi, what should I cook, where should I go and make a morning, Didi, what should I cook, where should I go and make a PPT, you crazy bastard, what is the need for so much formality, friend, this is a what is the need for so much formality, friend, this is a what is the need for so much formality, friend, this is a house of two girls.  Ok?  Two house of two girls.  Ok?  Two house of two girls.  Ok?  Two girls' house let me tell you guys. girls' house let me tell you guys. girls' house let me tell you guys. Look, especially at night, we Look, especially at night, we Look, especially at night, we sleep without taking off our bra.  I wear it the next morning sleep without taking off our bra.  I wear it the next morning sleep without taking off our bra.  I wear it the next morning when I get a chance.  Our laughing and playing bra when I get a chance.  Our laughing and playing bra when I get a chance.  Our laughing and playing bra lace. lace. lace. We don't even remember.  I know, I get restless like this. We don't even remember.  I know, I get restless like this. We don't even remember.  I know, I get restless like this. He comes early in the morning wearing a tie. He comes early in the morning wearing a tie. He comes early in the morning wearing a tie. [laughs] I didn't wear a bra. [laughs] I didn't wear a bra. [laughs] I didn't wear a bra. Sister, what should I make as soon as you come?  I said, hey Sister, what should I make as soon as you come?  I said, hey Sister, what should I make as soon as you come?  I said, hey brother brother brother play the cauliflower.  [Applause] You don't understand, Guy.  It is very difficult to You don't understand, Guy.  It is very difficult to You don't understand, Guy.  It is very difficult to know when a same-sex relationship will happen in this country.   You know when a same-sex relationship will happen in this country.   You know when a same-sex relationship will happen in this country.   You know, we used to host our friends at our house with so much enthusiasm know, we used to host our friends at our house with so much enthusiasm know, we used to host our friends at our house with so much enthusiasm that yes, we are just two that yes, we are just two that yes, we are just two people.  These elders came and people.  These elders came and people.  These elders came and started calling their friends.  Any random person is started calling their friends.  Any random person is started calling their friends.  Any random person is coming to our house saying, come let me coming to our house saying, come let me coming to our house saying, come let me show you the house of lesbians. People come with certain expectations.  We enter in such a way that as soon as we People come with certain expectations.  We enter in such a way that as soon as we People come with certain expectations.  We enter in such a way that as soon as we enter, we might enter, we might enter, we might see something big on the wall.  Puti Vilas. see something big on the wall.  Puti Vilas. see something big on the wall.  Puti Vilas. We'll both come riding on a unicorn. We'll both come riding on a unicorn. We'll both come riding on a unicorn. [laughs] The most support I get is most support I get is most support I get is from single straight men in this country.  Whenever from single straight men in this country.  Whenever from single straight men in this country.  Whenever I told any friend that bro by the way I told any friend that bro by the way I told any friend that bro by the way now me and my girlfriend live together.  The now me and my girlfriend live together.  The now me and my girlfriend live together.  The eyes get so big [laughs] Nice. Nice. Nice. [laughs] I said, stop it, you fool, will you give away the bride [laughs] I said, stop it, you fool, will you give away the bride [laughs] I said, stop it, you fool, will you give away the bride ?   There ?   There ?   There is so much curiosity in people.   At is so much curiosity in people.   At is so much curiosity in people.   At least don't talk like this in our house. least don't talk like this in our house. least don't talk like this in our house. Sitting on our sofa, they keep wandering like this that it is a Sitting on our sofa, they keep wandering like this that it is a very good thing that you two girls are together [laughs] very good thing that you two girls are together [laughs] very good thing that you two girls are together [laughs] but if there are two girls then who among you is but if there are two girls then who among you is but if there are two girls then who among you is more more more what is this brother you are saying, I mean you understand that what is this brother you are saying, I mean you understand that what is this brother you are saying, I mean you understand that as there are two girls you must be crying as there are two girls you must be crying as there are two girls you must be crying often then who will make you quiet often then who will make you quiet often then who will make you quiet when there is a man in the house then why are we crying when there is a man in the house then why are we crying when there is a man in the house then why are we crying [praise] he is saying that it saying that it saying that it means like sometimes it happens that the pickle means like sometimes it happens that the pickle means like sometimes it happens that the pickle cap will not open, shut up you crazy man, cap will not open, shut up you crazy man, cap will not open, shut up you crazy man, ask directly and the direct question is who is the ask directly and the direct question is who is the ask directly and the direct question is who is the man of the relationship, okay I hate this question man of the relationship, okay I hate this question man of the relationship, okay I hate this question [laughter] because I know the answer, [laughter] because I know the answer, [laughter] because I know the answer, why should you tell me brother, it will be good for the family to why should you tell me brother, it will be good for the family to why should you tell me brother, it will be good for the family to hear that after 30 years a son has been born in the house. hear that after 30 years a son has been born in the house. hear that after 30 years a son has been born in the house. [laughter] There's no single answer, friends.  Gender is a no single answer, friends.  Gender is a no single answer, friends.  Gender is a spectrum.  Ok?  The answer is changing every day. spectrum.  Ok?  The answer is changing every day. spectrum.  Ok?  The answer is changing every day. It depends. It depends. It depends. It depends on which end of the vibrator It depends on which end of the vibrator It depends on which end of the vibrator you are on. you are on. you are on. Yes?  Sometimes there is no man in this house. Yes?  Sometimes there is no man in this house. Yes?  Sometimes there is no man in this house. No gents.  Only two mental ladies. No gents.  Only two mental ladies. No gents.  Only two mental ladies. Our energies clash so much, Our energies clash so much, Our energies clash so much, so much feminine energy that even if we are kissing, one of them will so much feminine energy that even if we are kissing, one of them will so much feminine energy that even if we are kissing, one of them will leave and say it. leave and say it. leave and say it. Do you know what happened today? After that gossip continues for six hours.  [laughter] After that gossip continues for six hours.  [laughter] After that gossip continues for six hours.  [laughter] One day we went from 69 to a foursome.   So One day we went from 69 to a foursome.   So One day we went from 69 to a foursome.   So what happened next?   But every recent allegation is about me that he made every recent allegation is about me that he made every recent allegation is about me that he made this disgusting allegation on me that you are this disgusting allegation on me that you are this disgusting allegation on me that you are Swati, you are only because when I went to stay at his house, I Swati, you are only because when I went to stay at his house, I Swati, you are only because when I went to stay at his house, I mean I went to my partner's in-laws' house to stay for mean I went to my partner's in-laws' house to stay for mean I went to my partner's in-laws' house to stay for 15 days, they were also 15 days, they were also 15 days, they were also excited, don't know whether the daughter-in-law has come, the son-in-law has come, excited, don't know whether the daughter-in-law has come, the son-in-law has come, excited, don't know whether the daughter-in-law has come, the son-in-law has come, who has come, let's find out, but when who has come, let's find out, but when who has come, let's find out, but when I was upset for two whole weeks, then it became clear to them that oh clear to them that oh clear to them that oh this is some uncle. yes [music]