I love football. I love almost I love football. I love almost I love football. I love almost everything about football. There's one everything about football. There's one everything about football. There's one thing I don't like and that is the thing I don't like and that is the thing I don't like and that is the sexism. Like obviously that's a little sexism. Like obviously that's a little sexism. Like obviously that's a little bit difficult. Um because there's still bit difficult. Um because there's still bit difficult. Um because there's still a certain type of bloke that seems to a certain type of bloke that seems to a certain type of bloke that seems to think that um like I can't know as much think that um like I can't know as much think that um like I can't know as much about football as he can, right? It's about football as he can, right? It's about football as he can, right? It's like he doesn't think I've got time to like he doesn't think I've got time to like he doesn't think I've got time to both watch Match of the Day and buy both watch Match of the Day and buy both watch Match of the Day and buy sanitary products. sanitary products. sanitary products. But the key thing about that is you But the key thing about that is you But the key thing about that is you stockpile in the summer. See you ready for when the season starts See you ready for when the season starts See you ready for when the season starts in the winter. in the winter. in the winter. >> [applause] >> I love these guys though. I call them >> I love these guys though. I call them >> I love these guys though. I call them the proper footballing geysers. Uh the proper footballing geysers. Uh the proper footballing geysers. Uh you've probably seen them knocking you've probably seen them knocking you've probably seen them knocking around. They're they're big guys, around. They're they're big guys, around. They're they're big guys, massive [\h__\h] heads. Uh big thick neck massive [\h__\h] heads. Uh big thick neck massive [\h__\h] heads. Uh big thick neck veins where they store all of their veins where they store all of their veins where they store all of their repressed emotions. repressed emotions. repressed emotions. Weirdly, they're always very active on Weirdly, they're always very active on Weirdly, they're always very active on Twitter for some reason. And they'll Twitter for some reason. And they'll Twitter for some reason. And they'll always have a Twitter handle which is always have a Twitter handle which is always have a Twitter handle which is like @ milwallmike69. like @ milwallmike69. like @ milwallmike69. And then you'll click onto their Twitter And then you'll click onto their Twitter And then you'll click onto their Twitter profile and their bio will always say profile and their bio will always say profile and their bio will always say something like, "Love my kids, hate something like, "Love my kids, hate something like, "Love my kids, hate nonses. You're sort of thinking, "Come on, Mike. You're sort of thinking, "Come on, Mike. You're sort of thinking, "Come on, Mike. Pick a side." I love these guys though cuz um they've I love these guys though cuz um they've I love these guys though cuz um they've uh they've recently found me on social uh they've recently found me on social uh they've recently found me on social media and what they love doing is they media and what they love doing is they media and what they love doing is they love doing sassy little snarky comments love doing sassy little snarky comments love doing sassy little snarky comments underneath my standup videos and um they underneath my standup videos and um they underneath my standup videos and um they do these sort of sick burns and there's do these sort of sick burns and there's do these sort of sick burns and there's there's a phrase that I've sort of there's a phrase that I've sort of there's a phrase that I've sort of started noticing recently that they're started noticing recently that they're started noticing recently that they're all using. So, what they've all said all using. So, what they've all said all using. So, what they've all said under my standup videos is this phrase. under my standup videos is this phrase. under my standup videos is this phrase. They say, "Luis Kapowi looks like he's They say, "Luis Kapowi looks like he's They say, "Luis Kapowi looks like he's let himself go." Which pisses me off cuz Luis Kapow's Which pisses me off cuz Luis Kapow's Which pisses me off cuz Luis Kapow's already let himself go. I feel what they're trying to do by I feel what they're trying to do by I feel what they're trying to do by comparing me to a plus-sized man is to comparing me to a plus-sized man is to comparing me to a plus-sized man is to imply that I'm ugly. It doesn't bother imply that I'm ugly. It doesn't bother imply that I'm ugly. It doesn't bother me as an insult. Honestly, doesn't me as an insult. Honestly, doesn't me as an insult. Honestly, doesn't bother me as an insult. I know that I'm bother me as an insult. I know that I'm bother me as an insult. I know that I'm ugly. Not in a self-deprecating way. Um, ugly. Not in a self-deprecating way. Um, ugly. Not in a self-deprecating way. Um, just in the way that all British people just in the way that all British people just in the way that all British people are ugly. are ugly. are ugly. Do you know this? You are absolutely Do you know this? You are absolutely Do you know this? You are absolutely vile. I'm sorry if you don't know this. vile. I'm sorry if you don't know this. vile. I'm sorry if you don't know this. You're absolutely vile. Okay? And I I You're absolutely vile. Okay? And I I You're absolutely vile. Okay? And I I didn't know this until recently when I didn't know this until recently when I didn't know this until recently when I started traveling outside of the UK in started traveling outside of the UK in started traveling outside of the UK in the last couple of years. Um, everything the last couple of years. Um, everything the last couple of years. Um, everything they say about us is true. Okay? But they say about us is true. Okay? But they say about us is true. Okay? But it's not your fault. The reason that it's not your fault. The reason that it's not your fault. The reason that we're ugly is because um, and I'm we're ugly is because um, and I'm we're ugly is because um, and I'm specifically talking about white British specifically talking about white British specifically talking about white British people here. I don't want to draw anyone people here. I don't want to draw anyone people here. I don't want to draw anyone else into our ugly mess. else into our ugly mess. else into our ugly mess. The reason that we're ugly is because The reason that we're ugly is because The reason that we're ugly is because back in the day, the Vikings came over, back in the day, the Vikings came over, back in the day, the Vikings came over, stole all of our hot women, took them stole all of our hot women, took them stole all of our hot women, took them back to mainland Europe, which is why back to mainland Europe, which is why back to mainland Europe, which is why everyone in Sweden is smoking hot, and everyone in Sweden is smoking hot, and everyone in Sweden is smoking hot, and we look like someone put a wig on some we look like someone put a wig on some we look like someone put a wig on some Billy Bear ham. [applause] But it had an amazing it had [applause] But it had an amazing it had [applause] But it had an amazing it had an amazing reaction because it meant an amazing reaction because it meant an amazing reaction because it meant that we had to develop great that we had to develop great that we had to develop great personalities because you never heard personalities because you never heard personalities because you never heard someone go, "This is my Swedish friend. someone go, "This is my Swedish friend. someone go, "This is my Swedish friend. He's a laugh. So, I would say that I'm British hot, So, I would say that I'm British hot, So, I would say that I'm British hot, which is ugly but a hoot. which is ugly but a hoot. which is ugly but a hoot. So, I I love football, as I say. Um, and So, I I love football, as I say. Um, and So, I I love football, as I say. Um, and I kind of get these bloss that that are I kind of get these bloss that that are I kind of get these bloss that that are a bit toxic cuz football makes me toxic, a bit toxic cuz football makes me toxic, a bit toxic cuz football makes me toxic, too. I do worry about my toxicity, too. I do worry about my toxicity, too. I do worry about my toxicity, though. Like, I don't let I've got a though. Like, I don't let I've got a though. Like, I don't let I've got a girlfriend now, and I don't let her girlfriend now, and I don't let her girlfriend now, and I don't let her watch me watch the football because it watch me watch the football because it watch me watch the football because it almost she saw me watch the football almost she saw me watch the football almost she saw me watch the football once, it almost ruined our relationship once, it almost ruined our relationship once, it almost ruined our relationship before it had even started. So what before it had even started. So what before it had even started. So what happened was she came into the living happened was she came into the living happened was she came into the living room. She said to me, "Chloe, why are room. She said to me, "Chloe, why are room. She said to me, "Chloe, why are you laughing?" And I had to explain that you laughing?" And I had to explain that you laughing?" And I had to explain that Chelsea had just gone 32 down and the Chelsea had just gone 32 down and the Chelsea had just gone 32 down and the camera had panned to a crying child. I hated teaching and it's a brilliant, I hated teaching and it's a brilliant, I hated teaching and it's a brilliant, wonderful, noble profession, obviously wonderful, noble profession, obviously wonderful, noble profession, obviously teaching. I hated it cuz I didn't want teaching. I hated it cuz I didn't want teaching. I hated it cuz I didn't want to do it. The only thing that got me to do it. The only thing that got me to do it. The only thing that got me through those years were children through those years were children through those years were children because some of you parents will know because some of you parents will know because some of you parents will know children are wonderful and children are wonderful and children are wonderful and weird. weird. weird. I used to teach a class in North London. I used to teach a class in North London. I used to teach a class in North London. You'll think I'm exaggerating this. I'm You'll think I'm exaggerating this. I'm You'll think I'm exaggerating this. I'm not. This is just one class I'm talking not. This is just one class I'm talking not. This is just one class I'm talking about. They were the strangest group of about. They were the strangest group of about. They were the strangest group of human beings I have ever seen assembled human beings I have ever seen assembled human beings I have ever seen assembled in one place. Right? They were the in one place. Right? They were the in one place. Right? They were the strangest group of human beings ever in strangest group of human beings ever in strangest group of human beings ever in one. And I include all of the series of one. And I include all of the series of one. And I include all of the series of Big Brother in that. Right, I'll talk Big Brother in that. Right, I'll talk Big Brother in that. Right, I'll talk you through some of them. There was a you through some of them. There was a you through some of them. There was a child called Marwood in that class, child called Marwood in that class, child called Marwood in that class, which isn't a real name, let's be which isn't a real name, let's be which isn't a real name, let's be honest. He was absolutely on a different honest. He was absolutely on a different honest. He was absolutely on a different planet to the rest of us. I'll prove it. planet to the rest of us. I'll prove it. planet to the rest of us. I'll prove it. I once said to him, "Marwood, what are I once said to him, "Marwood, what are I once said to him, "Marwood, what are you going to do when you leave school?" you going to do when you leave school?" you going to do when you leave school?" Straight away, he said, "Well, I'm going Straight away, he said, "Well, I'm going Straight away, he said, "Well, I'm going to be one of two things, sir. I'm going to be one of two things, sir. I'm going to be one of two things, sir. I'm going to be a gynecologist or a train driver." to be a gynecologist or a train driver." to be a gynecologist or a train driver." I said, "They're rather contrasting I said, "They're rather contrasting I said, "They're rather contrasting professions, Marwood. This is only funny professions, Marwood. This is only funny professions, Marwood. This is only funny if you believe me." Wasn't trying to be if you believe me." Wasn't trying to be if you believe me." Wasn't trying to be funny at this point. He went, "Yeah, funny at this point. He went, "Yeah, funny at this point. He went, "Yeah, yeah, they are, aren't they, sir?" I yeah, they are, aren't they, sir?" I yeah, they are, aren't they, sir?" I suppose at the end of the day, I just suppose at the end of the day, I just suppose at the end of the day, I just like tunnels. Fortunately, there was a child in that Fortunately, there was a child in that Fortunately, there was a child in that class that made up for all of them. Her class that made up for all of them. Her class that made up for all of them. Her name was Karen Pal. She was my favorite name was Karen Pal. She was my favorite name was Karen Pal. She was my favorite student of all time. She was 11 years of student of all time. She was 11 years of student of all time. She was 11 years of age, this big, and had two fascinating age, this big, and had two fascinating age, this big, and had two fascinating characteristics. Number one, her characteristics. Number one, her characteristics. Number one, her internal compass was buggered, right? internal compass was buggered, right? internal compass was buggered, right? So, she was 10 minutes late to every So, she was 10 minutes late to every So, she was 10 minutes late to every single lesson, and the school wasn't single lesson, and the school wasn't single lesson, and the school wasn't that big. 10 minutes late. The second that big. 10 minutes late. The second that big. 10 minutes late. The second was even though she was 11, she spoke was even though she was 11, she spoke was even though she was 11, she spoke for reasons best known to our creator for reasons best known to our creator for reasons best known to our creator like an repressed 1940s housewife. like an repressed 1940s housewife. like an repressed 1940s housewife. And you think if I'm exaggerating this, And you think if I'm exaggerating this, And you think if I'm exaggerating this, I am not exaggerating it. She would come I am not exaggerating it. She would come I am not exaggerating it. She would come into my class like this. Hello, sir. How into my class like this. Hello, sir. How into my class like this. Hello, sir. How are you today? are you today? are you today? I say, I'm fine, thanks. Karen, how are I say, I'm fine, thanks. Karen, how are I say, I'm fine, thanks. Karen, how are you? SHE GOES, YES, I'M VERY WELL, you? SHE GOES, YES, I'M VERY WELL, you? SHE GOES, YES, I'M VERY WELL, THANKS. THANKS. THANKS. I must SAY, I'M VERY MUCH LOOKING I must SAY, I'M VERY MUCH LOOKING I must SAY, I'M VERY MUCH LOOKING FORWARD TO TODAY'S IMPROVISATION. FORWARD TO TODAY'S IMPROVISATION. FORWARD TO TODAY'S IMPROVISATION. I'll give you an example of her compass. I'll give you an example of her compass. I'll give you an example of her compass. She came to see me after a lesson. This She came to see me after a lesson. This She came to see me after a lesson. This is more verbatim quote. She went, is more verbatim quote. She went, is more verbatim quote. She went, "Excuse me, sir. Can I have a word with "Excuse me, sir. Can I have a word with "Excuse me, sir. Can I have a word with you, please?" "Well, of course you can, you, please?" "Well, of course you can, you, please?" "Well, of course you can, Car. What's the problem?" She goes, "I Car. What's the problem?" She goes, "I Car. What's the problem?" She goes, "I just wanted to say that I thought my just wanted to say that I thought my just wanted to say that I thought my performance in your lesson today was a performance in your lesson today was a performance in your lesson today was a little below par." little below par." little below par." I said, "Really? I thought you were I said, "Really? I thought you were I said, "Really? I thought you were great." "No, no. I thought my use of great." "No, no. I thought my use of great." "No, no. I thought my use of characterization was paper thin. Thought characterization was paper thin. Thought characterization was paper thin. Thought the way I moved around the space was the way I moved around the space was the way I moved around the space was appalling. And my group work was appalling. And my group work was appalling. And my group work was something to be condemned. Then I would something to be condemned. Then I would something to be condemned. Then I would like to offer you my most humble of like to offer you my most humble of like to offer you my most humble of apologies. apologies. apologies. I said, "You listen to me, Karen Pal. I said, "You listen to me, Karen Pal. I said, "You listen to me, Karen Pal. You never need to apologize to me. You You never need to apologize to me. You You never need to apologize to me. You are my favorite pupil because you make are my favorite pupil because you make are my favorite pupil because you make me laugh my head off." me laugh my head off." me laugh my head off." Now go outside and enjoy your lunchtime. Now go outside and enjoy your lunchtime. Now go outside and enjoy your lunchtime. You've deserved it. She said, "You know You've deserved it. She said, "You know You've deserved it. She said, "You know what? I think I will." what? I think I will." what? I think I will." I turned round at that point to do a I turned round at that point to do a I turned round at that point to do a little bit of admin. Ladies and little bit of admin. Ladies and little bit of admin. Ladies and gentlemen, Karen was then faced with a gentlemen, Karen was then faced with a gentlemen, Karen was then faced with a choice. choice. choice. She could leave my room via the only She could leave my room via the only She could leave my room via the only exit exit exit or she could go into my costume or she could go into my costume or she could go into my costume cupboard. cupboard. cupboard. I don't know what happened, but for I don't know what happened, but for I don't know what happened, but for safety, I'll tell you this. I locked my safety, I'll tell you this. I locked my safety, I'll tell you this. I locked my costume cupboard before I went for my costume cupboard before I went for my costume cupboard before I went for my lunch. Then I went away for a whole lunch. Then I went away for a whole lunch. Then I went away for a whole hour. When I came back, I opened the hour. When I came back, I opened the hour. When I came back, I opened the cupboard and I swear to you, that child cupboard and I swear to you, that child cupboard and I swear to you, that child was standing with her back to me in a was standing with her back to me in a was standing with her back to me in a scene from the Diddy Man remake of the scene from the Diddy Man remake of the scene from the Diddy Man remake of the Blair Witch Project Blair Witch Project Blair Witch Project doing this. AND I WENT, COURAGE, SHE WENT, "HELLO, AND I WENT, COURAGE, SHE WENT, "HELLO, AND I WENT, COURAGE, SHE WENT, "HELLO, SIR." SIR." SIR." I SAID, "HAVE YOU BEEN IN THERE FOR A I SAID, "HAVE YOU BEEN IN THERE FOR A I SAID, "HAVE YOU BEEN IN THERE FOR A WHOLE HOUR?" SHE SAID, "I'M RATHER WHOLE HOUR?" SHE SAID, "I'M RATHER WHOLE HOUR?" SHE SAID, "I'M RATHER AFRAID I HAVE." AFRAID I HAVE." AFRAID I HAVE." I said, "OH MY GOD, I AM SO SORRY." SHE I said, "OH MY GOD, I AM SO SORRY." SHE I said, "OH MY GOD, I AM SO SORRY." SHE SAID, "DON'T you apologize to me. I'VE SAID, "DON'T you apologize to me. I'VE SAID, "DON'T you apologize to me. I'VE ONLY GOT MYSELF TO BLAME. I'LL SEE YOU ONLY GOT MYSELF TO BLAME. I'LL SEE YOU ONLY GOT MYSELF TO BLAME. I'LL SEE YOU LATER. LATER. LATER. >> But here's the thing about being married >> But here's the thing about being married >> But here's the thing about being married a very long time. You get to know each a very long time. You get to know each a very long time. You get to know each other so well, right? I mean, my husband other so well, right? I mean, my husband other so well, right? I mean, my husband knows me well. I know my husband so well knows me well. I know my husband so well knows me well. I know my husband so well at this point that we can have a at this point that we can have a at this point that we can have a full-blown argument from start to finish full-blown argument from start to finish full-blown argument from start to finish and he's not even home, you know. So, this year I have been you know. So, this year I have been you know. So, this year I have been married 21 years. married 21 years. married 21 years. Thank you. Thank you. Um I know it looks Thank you. Thank you. Um I know it looks Thank you. Thank you. Um I know it looks like I could have been a child bride, like I could have been a child bride, like I could have been a child bride, which where I'm from, totally possible. which where I'm from, totally possible. which where I'm from, totally possible. Anyway, I wasn't a child bride. Anyway, Anyway, I wasn't a child bride. Anyway, Anyway, I wasn't a child bride. Anyway, so uh 21 years. And here's what I've so uh 21 years. And here's what I've so uh 21 years. And here's what I've learned in 21 years. That to stay learned in 21 years. That to stay learned in 21 years. That to stay married and stay happy, because it's not married and stay happy, because it's not married and stay happy, because it's not naturally the same thing. To stay naturally the same thing. To stay naturally the same thing. To stay married and stay happy, what you must do married and stay happy, what you must do married and stay happy, what you must do is keep your focus on what is important. is keep your focus on what is important. is keep your focus on what is important. Keep your focus on what is important. Keep your focus on what is important. Keep your focus on what is important. Let everything else fall away. See, I'll Let everything else fall away. See, I'll Let everything else fall away. See, I'll explain. The other day, my husband and I explain. The other day, my husband and I explain. The other day, my husband and I were having an argument. A face tof face were having an argument. A face tof face were having an argument. A face tof face one. The one where he's actually at one. The one where he's actually at one. The one where he's actually at home. Um, so we're having an argument home. Um, so we're having an argument home. Um, so we're having an argument and uh, well, I mean, I say argument. and uh, well, I mean, I say argument. and uh, well, I mean, I say argument. The fact is after 21 years, my husband The fact is after 21 years, my husband The fact is after 21 years, my husband and I don't really have arguments. We and I don't really have arguments. We and I don't really have arguments. We have throwdowns. have throwdowns. have throwdowns. You know, throwdown like MMA level. You know, throwdown like MMA level. You know, throwdown like MMA level. Do you know what MMA is, sir? Yeah. Do you know what MMA is, sir? Yeah. Do you know what MMA is, sir? Yeah. marriage martial arts proper matter what marriage martial arts proper matter what marriage martial arts proper matter what the topic my husband and I both always the topic my husband and I both always the topic my husband and I both always bring it for everything because we know bring it for everything because we know bring it for everything because we know that after 21 years and three kids that after 21 years and three kids that after 21 years and three kids nobody's [\h__\h] going anywhere nobody's [\h__\h] going anywhere nobody's [\h__\h] going anywhere right we are just trying to get to the right we are just trying to get to the right we are just trying to get to the end of this somehow and also you should know like I told you and also you should know like I told you and also you should know like I told you when I arrived here I got a UK passport when I arrived here I got a UK passport when I arrived here I got a UK passport my husband is Scandinavian. He didn't my husband is Scandinavian. He didn't my husband is Scandinavian. He didn't bother. And then we were having this bother. And then we were having this bother. And then we were having this argument and he was like, "I don't argument and he was like, "I don't argument and he was like, "I don't understand why you didn't do it this understand why you didn't do it this understand why you didn't do it this way." And I said, "Really? What I don't way." And I said, "Really? What I don't way." And I said, "Really? What I don't understand is why you don't [\h__\h] off understand is why you don't [\h__\h] off understand is why you don't [\h__\h] off back where you came from." Apollo, I cannot lie to you. It felt Apollo, I cannot lie to you. It felt Apollo, I cannot lie to you. It felt pretty good. pretty good. pretty good. Oh my god, what a great phrase. I am Oh my god, what a great phrase. I am Oh my god, what a great phrase. I am totally on board with it now. Knock totally on board with it now. Knock totally on board with it now. Knock yourselves out. yourselves out. yourselves out. Such a good feeling it gives you Such a good feeling it gives you Such a good feeling it gives you afterwards, you know. Um the problem was afterwards, you know. Um the problem was afterwards, you know. Um the problem was it bothered our children a little bit it bothered our children a little bit it bothered our children a little bit because we were having lunch. It was because we were having lunch. It was because we were having lunch. It was Sunday. Um our youngest child, she said, Sunday. Um our youngest child, she said, Sunday. Um our youngest child, she said, "Oh no, mama said the f-word." And I "Oh no, mama said the f-word." And I "Oh no, mama said the f-word." And I said, "Oh, darling, you're right. I did. said, "Oh, darling, you're right. I did. said, "Oh, darling, you're right. I did. But you know what? When you grow up and But you know what? When you grow up and But you know what? When you grow up and meet the man of your dreams, so will meet the man of your dreams, so will meet the man of your dreams, so will you." you." you." And then my teenage son said something. And then my teenage son said something. And then my teenage son said something. But let me explain, ladies and But let me explain, ladies and But let me explain, ladies and gentlemen. Between 45 to 85% of what gentlemen. Between 45 to 85% of what gentlemen. Between 45 to 85% of what this child says, I don't understand. this child says, I don't understand. this child says, I don't understand. Because he's a teenager. He just looked Because he's a teenager. He just looked Because he's a teenager. He just looked at me and said, "Why so salty, bro?" And then our middle child, apart from And then our middle child, apart from And then our middle child, apart from being somewhat fractured, she's also being somewhat fractured, she's also being somewhat fractured, she's also very woke. very woke. very woke. by which I mean she doesn't understand by which I mean she doesn't understand by which I mean she doesn't understand the difference between racism and a joke the difference between racism and a joke the difference between racism and a joke about racism. about racism. about racism. So she got very upset and she said, "You So she got very upset and she said, "You So she got very upset and she said, "You can't say that to dad. That's racist." I can't say that to dad. That's racist." I can't say that to dad. That's racist." I said, "Racist? Look at my face. said, "Racist? Look at my face. said, "Racist? Look at my face. I can't be racist. Everybody knows only I can't be racist. Everybody knows only I can't be racist. Everybody knows only white people are racist." Oh, she got angry. Ah, she stomped out Oh, she got angry. Ah, she stomped out Oh, she got angry. Ah, she stomped out of the room. And I was like, "Oh, come of the room. And I was like, "Oh, come of the room. And I was like, "Oh, come on, darling. Sorry. It was a joke. I on, darling. Sorry. It was a joke. I on, darling. Sorry. It was a joke. I know you're half white. Oops. I started learning French really young I started learning French really young I started learning French really young at the age of eight or something in at the age of eight or something in at the age of eight or something in primary school and our French teacher to primary school and our French teacher to primary school and our French teacher to help it sink in our brains used to play help it sink in our brains used to play help it sink in our brains used to play little games with us and one of the little games with us and one of the little games with us and one of the games was that we had to draw a name out games was that we had to draw a name out games was that we had to draw a name out of the hat and that would be our French of the hat and that would be our French of the hat and that would be our French name for the rest of term. Yeah. So I name for the rest of term. Yeah. So I name for the rest of term. Yeah. So I withdrew Marcel and she taught me that withdrew Marcel and she taught me that withdrew Marcel and she taught me that if anyone ever asked the question toel if anyone ever asked the question toel if anyone ever asked the question toel my response should be jimmael Marcel. my response should be jimmael Marcel. my response should be jimmael Marcel. Right now, I got all the way to degree Right now, I got all the way to degree Right now, I got all the way to degree level and two trips to Paris with that level and two trips to Paris with that level and two trips to Paris with that knowledge and no one ever corrected me. knowledge and no one ever corrected me. knowledge and no one ever corrected me. And I went in on me first day of the And I went in on me first day of the And I went in on me first day of the lecture and the professor goes, "Ah, lecture and the professor goes, "Ah, lecture and the professor goes, "Ah, bonjour. Uh, come on to tapel." I bonjour. Uh, come on to tapel." I bonjour. Uh, come on to tapel." I thought, "Well, this is going to be very thought, "Well, this is going to be very thought, "Well, this is going to be very easy course." I went, "Bonjour, Jimel easy course." I went, "Bonjour, Jimel easy course." I went, "Bonjour, Jimel Marcel." He's like, "No, no, come on to Marcel." He's like, "No, no, come on to Marcel." He's like, "No, no, come on to tapel." And I went, "Jimel Marcel." He's tapel." And I went, "Jimel Marcel." He's tapel." And I went, "Jimel Marcel." He's like, "No, no, come on to tapel." And I like, "No, no, come on to tapel." And I like, "No, no, come on to tapel." And I went, "Jimel Marcel." He's like, "No, went, "Jimel Marcel." He's like, "No, went, "Jimel Marcel." He's like, "No, come on to tapel." I went, "Jimel come on to tapel." I went, "Jimel come on to tapel." I went, "Jimel Marcel." He's like, "No, no, come on." Marcel." He's like, "No, no, come on." Marcel." He's like, "No, no, come on." Martel, he's like, "No, no, come on." Martel, he's like, "No, no, come on." Martel, he's like, "No, no, come on." He's like, "No, no, Martel." He's like, "No, no, come on to Martel." He's like, "No, no, come on to Martel." He's like, "No, no, come on to Tapel." And I went, "What is wrong with Tapel." And I went, "What is wrong with Tapel." And I went, "What is wrong with you? You said you were French." you? You said you were French." you? You said you were French." I went, "Jim I went, "Jim I went, "Jim Marel." He's like, "No, come on to Marel." He's like, "No, come on to Marel." He's like, "No, come on to Tapel. What is your name?" I was like, Tapel. What is your name?" I was like, Tapel. What is your name?" I was like, "Jimapel Marcel, my name is Steven." Um, [applause] so educated and as part of our course, yeah, we had and as part of our course, yeah, we had and as part of our course, yeah, we had to do a year abroad. Hold on. Um, gapy. to do a year abroad. Hold on. Um, gapy. to do a year abroad. Hold on. Um, gapy. Gapa. Um, we did, Jimmy. We had to do a year we did, Jimmy. We had to do a year we did, Jimmy. We had to do a year abroad, right? So, I moved to the south abroad, right? So, I moved to the south abroad, right? So, I moved to the south of France for a year. And I'm dating of France for a year. And I'm dating of France for a year. And I'm dating myself with this reference. I do know. myself with this reference. I do know. myself with this reference. I do know. But um I thought it would be like a But um I thought it would be like a But um I thought it would be like a Hillary Duff film, right? Do you know Hillary Duff film, right? Do you know Hillary Duff film, right? Do you know where I'd like move to the south of where I'd like move to the south of where I'd like move to the south of France, get a job in a little booerie, France, get a job in a little booerie, France, get a job in a little booerie, fall in love, move into the guy's chat, fall in love, move into the guy's chat, fall in love, move into the guy's chat, and never have to come and perform in and never have to come and perform in and never have to come and perform in Hammersmith. Do you know what I mean? Hammersmith. Do you know what I mean? Hammersmith. Do you know what I mean? And me and me friends all had a bit of a And me and me friends all had a bit of a And me and me friends all had a bit of a dream. Like me friend Kate, she's dream. Like me friend Kate, she's dream. Like me friend Kate, she's married to a guy now called Flon and married to a guy now called Flon and married to a guy now called Flon and lives in Nice. That was my dream, [\h__\h] lives in Nice. That was my dream, [\h__\h] lives in Nice. That was my dream, [\h__\h] My friend Sam got with a guy while we My friend Sam got with a guy while we My friend Sam got with a guy while we were there and his name was Nicola. And were there and his name was Nicola. And were there and his name was Nicola. And I even got with a guy while we're there I even got with a guy while we're there I even got with a guy while we're there for one term and his name was Kevin. for one term and his name was Kevin. for one term and his name was Kevin. It wasn't even Cavine. It wasn't even Cavine. It wasn't even Cavine. I went all the [laughter] way to the I went all the [laughter] way to the I went all the [laughter] way to the south of France and found the only guy south of France and found the only guy south of France and found the only guy from Stockport. Just call me Sally Webster. And the thing I hated the most about And the thing I hated the most about And the thing I hated the most about doing that year abroad was I don't like doing that year abroad was I don't like doing that year abroad was I don't like flying. Give me a tip if you like flying. Give me a tip if you like flying. Give me a tip if you like flying. flying. flying. >> Give me a tip if you don't like it. >> Give me a tip if you don't like it. >> Give me a tip if you don't like it. Yeah. All the ones sat in the sky. Yeah. All the ones sat in the sky. Yeah. All the ones sat in the sky. I really hate it. Yeah. Because I really hate it. Yeah. Because I really hate it. Yeah. Because everyone's like it's the safest form of everyone's like it's the safest form of everyone's like it's the safest form of transport, but that's not true, is it? transport, but that's not true, is it? transport, but that's not true, is it? Because um speak to someone that's been Because um speak to someone that's been Because um speak to someone that's been in a crash and that is valid. That is really valid. And that is valid. That is really valid. And that is valid. That is really valid. And I've had to find me way of getting round I've had to find me way of getting round I've had to find me way of getting round it. You need hints, tricks, don't you? it. You need hints, tricks, don't you? it. You need hints, tricks, don't you? So me therapist said, "You just need to So me therapist said, "You just need to So me therapist said, "You just need to sit on the plane doing this. I get thrown off the plane if I do that, I get thrown off the plane if I do that, I get thrown off the plane if I do that, Julie. And the way I've been trying to Julie. And the way I've been trying to Julie. And the way I've been trying to get around it, hear me out, you're going get around it, hear me out, you're going get around it, hear me out, you're going to think I'm mad, right? Do you know to think I'm mad, right? Do you know to think I'm mad, right? Do you know sometimes when you look at someone and sometimes when you look at someone and sometimes when you look at someone and you think like Aaron, I look at you and you think like Aaron, I look at you and you think like Aaron, I look at you and I go, you would never die in a plane I go, you would never die in a plane I go, you would never die in a plane crash. You've got that kind of face, you crash. You've got that kind of face, you crash. You've got that kind of face, you know? It's like, you're not going to go know? It's like, you're not going to go know? It's like, you're not going to go that way. Whereas some people, they've that way. Whereas some people, they've that way. Whereas some people, they've got that face where it's like, have you got that face where it's like, have you got that face where it's like, have you already been in one? Um, and I flew to Dublin this year and it and I flew to Dublin this year and it and I flew to Dublin this year and it was the best flight I'd ever had, right? was the best flight I'd ever had, right? was the best flight I'd ever had, right? Because I found someone like you, Aaron. Because I found someone like you, Aaron. Because I found someone like you, Aaron. I found some Peter Barlow from I found some Peter Barlow from I found some Peter Barlow from Coronation Street was on the flight and Coronation Street was on the flight and Coronation Street was on the flight and I thought, Peter Barlow is not going to I thought, Peter Barlow is not going to I thought, Peter Barlow is not going to die in a Ryionaire flight. die in a Ryionaire flight. die in a Ryionaire flight. He's already been through too much. Do you remember years ago when they were Do you remember years ago when they were Do you remember years ago when they were making Braveheart, making Braveheart, making Braveheart, everyone said, "Oh, it's ridiculous. everyone said, "Oh, it's ridiculous. everyone said, "Oh, it's ridiculous. Mel Gibson playing a Scottish guy. Mel Gibson playing a Scottish guy. Mel Gibson playing a Scottish guy. That's not going to be very convincing." That's not going to be very convincing." That's not going to be very convincing." And look at him now. An alcoholic And look at him now. An alcoholic And look at him now. An alcoholic racist. The most Scottish thing I've ever seen. The most Scottish thing I've ever seen. The most Scottish thing I've ever seen. I was going through a town called I was going through a town called I was going through a town called Bathgate at night and there was a guy Bathgate at night and there was a guy Bathgate at night and there was a guy pissing against a front door pissing against a front door pissing against a front door like that like that like that who then took out his keys and went who then took out his keys and went who then took out his keys and went inside. I'm from Glasgow. If I had to explain I'm from Glasgow. If I had to explain I'm from Glasgow. If I had to explain Glasgow to you, I'd say that if I had to Glasgow to you, I'd say that if I had to Glasgow to you, I'd say that if I had to pick a city in the world where I could pick a city in the world where I could pick a city in the world where I could depend on a member of the public to depend on a member of the public to depend on a member of the public to punch a man who was on fire, TO PUNCH A FLAMING MAN TO THE GROUND. TO PUNCH A FLAMING MAN TO THE GROUND. TO PUNCH A FLAMING MAN TO THE GROUND. WE SHOULD get a photo of that blown up WE SHOULD get a photo of that blown up WE SHOULD get a photo of that blown up and use it as the welcome sign at and use it as the welcome sign at and use it as the welcome sign at Scottish airports. Scottish airports. Scottish airports. And underneath we should have the words, And underneath we should have the words, And underneath we should have the words, "Scotland welcomes careful drivers." I mean, the naivity of al-Qaeda trying I mean, the naivity of al-Qaeda trying I mean, the naivity of al-Qaeda trying to bring religious war to Glasgow. We're 400 YEARS AHEAD OF YOU GUYS. We're 400 YEARS AHEAD OF YOU GUYS. We're 400 YEARS AHEAD OF YOU GUYS. [laughter] You've not even got a [laughter] You've not even got a [laughter] You've not even got a football team. There's a fallacy, isn't there, that There's a fallacy, isn't there, that There's a fallacy, isn't there, that that baggage handler prevented hundreds that baggage handler prevented hundreds that baggage handler prevented hundreds of people from being horribly burned. of people from being horribly burned. of people from being horribly burned. These were Scottish people flying to These were Scottish people flying to These were Scottish people flying to Spain. People say it's good they didn't hit a People say it's good they didn't hit a People say it's good they didn't hit a fuel depot. I think it's good they fuel depot. I think it's good they fuel depot. I think it's good they didn't hit the queue coming out of duty didn't hit the queue coming out of duty didn't hit the queue coming out of duty free. free. free. They're going up like Hiroshima. British army have got a big recruiting British army have got a big recruiting British army have got a big recruiting drive on in Scotland at the minute cuz drive on in Scotland at the minute cuz drive on in Scotland at the minute cuz that's what you need if you're fighting that's what you need if you're fighting that's what you need if you're fighting an unwinable war in the desert. More an unwinable war in the desert. More an unwinable war in the desert. More ginger people. That's why they couldn't send Prince That's why they couldn't send Prince That's why they couldn't send Prince Harry. They couldn't afford the Harry. They couldn't afford the Harry. They couldn't afford the resources required to start developing resources required to start developing resources required to start developing factor 60,000 sunblock. It's not always the friendliest place in It's not always the friendliest place in It's not always the friendliest place in the world, Scotland. I once saw an the world, Scotland. I once saw an the world, Scotland. I once saw an English guy in Glasgow trying to order a English guy in Glasgow trying to order a English guy in Glasgow trying to order a pint of lagger and lime and the barman pint of lagger and lime and the barman pint of lagger and lime and the barman went, "We don't do cocktails. We can't just be d negative bastards up We can't just be d negative bastards up We can't just be d negative bastards up there." John Loi Bird invented the TV there." John Loi Bird invented the TV there." John Loi Bird invented the TV and when people came up to congratulate and when people came up to congratulate and when people came up to congratulate him, they went, "Ah, but there's [\h__\h] him, they went, "Ah, but there's [\h__\h] him, they went, "Ah, but there's [\h__\h] all on." We're looking forward to the Olympics in We're looking forward to the Olympics in We're looking forward to the Olympics in London. London. London. >> I'll take that as a no. >> I'll take that as a no. >> I'll take that as a no. They say the Olympics is going to They say the Olympics is going to They say the Olympics is going to rekindle English national pride. I mean, rekindle English national pride. I mean, rekindle English national pride. I mean, come on. For 9.2 2 billion. You could come on. For 9.2 2 billion. You could come on. For 9.2 2 billion. You could have written [\h__\h] off Germany onto the have written [\h__\h] off Germany onto the have written [\h__\h] off Germany onto the moon. >> We're here to talk about relationships. >> We're here to talk about relationships. >> We're here to talk about relationships. Let's let's crack straight on with the Let's let's crack straight on with the Let's let's crack straight on with the first slide. first slide. first slide. Making Don't No, don't laugh at that. Making Don't No, don't laugh at that. Making Don't No, don't laugh at that. That's not That's not meant to be funny. That's not That's not meant to be funny. That's not That's not meant to be funny. Please, let's let's not have another Please, let's let's not have another Please, let's let's not have another folks on our hands, please. folks on our hands, please. folks on our hands, please. Making divorce work. Now, given that it Making divorce work. Now, given that it Making divorce work. Now, given that it is a rocky ride, an emotional roller is a rocky ride, an emotional roller is a rocky ride, an emotional roller coaster, I start off with a joke, ladies coaster, I start off with a joke, ladies coaster, I start off with a joke, ladies and gentlemen, just to loosen us up. and gentlemen, just to loosen us up. and gentlemen, just to loosen us up. Here it is. If you're going to get Here it is. If you're going to get Here it is. If you're going to get divorced, you have to be like the man in divorced, you have to be like the man in divorced, you have to be like the man in the toll booth. Why is that, Keith? the toll booth. Why is that, Keith? the toll booth. Why is that, Keith? Well, you have to be willing to accept, Well, you have to be willing to accept, Well, you have to be willing to accept, this is the joke, this is the joke, this is the joke, change. It's a zinger. It's a zinger. When you It's a zinger. It's a zinger. When you It's a zinger. It's a zinger. When you divorce, there is sweeping change. divorce, there is sweeping change. divorce, there is sweeping change. changes right across your life in every changes right across your life in every changes right across your life in every area. One of the first things to change area. One of the first things to change area. One of the first things to change is the locks. You may don't please don't is the locks. You may don't please don't is the locks. You may don't please don't laugh at that, please. You please you laugh at that, please. You please you laugh at that, please. You please you may come home one day and find that your may come home one day and find that your may come home one day and find that your key no longer fits your wife's lock. key no longer fits your wife's lock. key no longer fits your wife's lock. Another man's key is fitting your wife's Another man's key is fitting your wife's Another man's key is fitting your wife's lock. And stop that. STOP IT. STOP lock. And stop that. STOP IT. STOP lock. And stop that. STOP IT. STOP stamping on that. Riaz with a zed. stamping on that. Riaz with a zed. stamping on that. Riaz with a zed. Please stop it. It's it's not that sort Please stop it. It's it's not that sort Please stop it. It's it's not that sort of a show. Well, I mean, it's not a of a show. Well, I mean, it's not a of a show. Well, I mean, it's not a show, is it? It's it's a talk, but it's show, is it? It's it's a talk, but it's show, is it? It's it's a talk, but it's not smuting. So, you may come home and not smuting. So, you may come home and not smuting. So, you may come home and find that your key no longer fits the find that your key no longer fits the find that your key no longer fits the lock. Good. Yes, it can. And it can be very Yes, it can. And it can be very Yes, it can. And it can be very difficult to tell why a relationship is difficult to tell why a relationship is difficult to tell why a relationship is going to go wrong. Why is that? Well, I going to go wrong. Why is that? Well, I going to go wrong. Why is that? Well, I think it's because at the beginning of think it's because at the beginning of think it's because at the beginning of any relationship when two people get any relationship when two people get any relationship when two people get together, there's always a sense of of together, there's always a sense of of together, there's always a sense of of what? Hammer Smith, at the beginning of what? Hammer Smith, at the beginning of what? Hammer Smith, at the beginning of a relationship, a sense of a relationship, a sense of a relationship, a sense of >> pardon? >> pardon? >> pardon? >> Worry. No. >> Worry. No. >> Worry. No. >> Anyone else? At the beginning of a >> Anyone else? At the beginning of a >> Anyone else? At the beginning of a relationship, a sense of relationship, a sense of relationship, a sense of >> forboding. Forboding is the wrong >> forboding. Forboding is the wrong >> forboding. Forboding is the wrong answer. answer. answer. Lust. Lust. No. No. No. uncertainty. Lust. Lust. No. No. No. uncertainty. Lust. Lust. No. No. No. uncertainty. There's always a sense of uncertainty, a There's always a sense of uncertainty, a There's always a sense of uncertainty, a feeling of will they, feeling of will they, feeling of will they, >> won't they, and there's no way of >> won't they, and there's no way of >> won't they, and there's no way of Please, Hammer Smith, take it seriously. Please, Hammer Smith, take it seriously. Please, Hammer Smith, take it seriously. We're talking about emotions, We're talking about emotions, We're talking about emotions, a sense of will they, won't they, and a sense of will they, won't they, and a sense of will they, won't they, and there's no Hammersmith, I will walk off there's no Hammersmith, I will walk off there's no Hammersmith, I will walk off the stage, please. the stage, please. the stage, please. There's no way of predicting when a There's no way of predicting when a There's no way of predicting when a couple get together whether or not the couple get together whether or not the couple get together whether or not the relationship will work. Will it last a relationship will work. Will it last a relationship will work. Will it last a long time? No. Not a chance in hell. Not a chance in hell. Not a chance in hell. Will they stick together? Will they stick together? Will they stick together? No. No. No. No. No. No. Will the marriage endure? Will the marriage endure? Will the marriage endure? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Lee and Leslie. Now, Lee and Leslie are Lee and Leslie. Now, Lee and Leslie are Lee and Leslie. Now, Lee and Leslie are a lesson to us all. They've made a a lesson to us all. They've made a a lesson to us all. They've made a marriage work. So, why is it then that marriage work. So, why is it then that marriage work. So, why is it then that when they can make a marriage work, so when they can make a marriage work, so when they can make a marriage work, so many others can't? many others can't? many others can't? Paul Simon said, "There are 50 ways to Paul Simon said, "There are 50 ways to Paul Simon said, "There are 50 ways to leave your lover." leave your lover." leave your lover." One, Smith, time out. Please start to take it Smith, time out. Please start to take it Smith, time out. Please start to take it seriously. seriously. seriously. One, slip out the back jack. Two, make a new plan. Stan Two, make a new plan. Stan Two, make a new plan. Stan and 48 others. I was in France a couple and 48 others. I was in France a couple and 48 others. I was in France a couple of years ago. Had to stop to use a lure of years ago. Had to stop to use a lure of years ago. Had to stop to use a lure at a little service station by the road. at a little service station by the road. at a little service station by the road. I knew it wasn't going to be a fivestar I knew it wasn't going to be a fivestar I knew it wasn't going to be a fivestar experience. From the moment I walked in experience. From the moment I walked in experience. From the moment I walked in there, the lady in the kiosk was eating there, the lady in the kiosk was eating there, the lady in the kiosk was eating a pig's trotter with the one remaining a pig's trotter with the one remaining a pig's trotter with the one remaining tooth. tooth. tooth. Watching a chipmunk try to eat a piece Watching a chipmunk try to eat a piece Watching a chipmunk try to eat a piece of corn on the cob. I approached her and of course as a I approached her and of course as a I approached her and of course as a proud remainer I said to her in my best proud remainer I said to her in my best proud remainer I said to her in my best French she went it's round the back it is round she went it's round the back it is round she went it's round the back it is round the back so I went round the back and the back so I went round the back and the back so I went round the back and there it was a little shed of we go and there it was a little shed of we go and there it was a little shed of we go and I opened the Go. VOILA. I opened the Go. VOILA. I opened the Go. VOILA. SQUIRTY. Throw up France. Anyway, there was Throw up France. Anyway, there was Throw up France. Anyway, there was nowhere else to go. So, I had to go in. nowhere else to go. So, I had to go in. nowhere else to go. So, I had to go in. I had to use it. I had to use it. So, I I had to use it. I had to use it. So, I I had to use it. I had to use it. So, I went in and I closed the door and it was went in and I closed the door and it was went in and I closed the door and it was brilliant because somebody had attached brilliant because somebody had attached brilliant because somebody had attached a rope to the back of the door. So, you a rope to the back of the door. So, you a rope to the back of the door. So, you could essentially absale down into the could essentially absale down into the could essentially absale down into the squatting I mean, that is a center parks activity I mean, that is a center parks activity I mean, that is a center parks activity right there, isn't it? right there, isn't it? right there, isn't it? You'd pay for that. Bungee dump. You'd pay for that. Bungee dump. You'd pay for that. Bungee dump. Brilliant. I did notice I was getting a little bit I did notice I was getting a little bit I did notice I was getting a little bit more nervous as a traveler um on recent more nervous as a traveler um on recent more nervous as a traveler um on recent flights I've taken. In your 20ies, you flights I've taken. In your 20ies, you flights I've taken. In your 20ies, you don't care, do you? Like that. I'll live don't care, do you? Like that. I'll live don't care, do you? Like that. I'll live forever. I'll live forever. me, I'm forever. I'll live forever. me, I'm forever. I'll live forever. me, I'm going to live forever. As you get older, going to live forever. As you get older, going to live forever. As you get older, you start to really pay attention to the you start to really pay attention to the you start to really pay attention to the uh to the safety announcements on place. uh to the safety announcements on place. uh to the safety announcements on place. It becomes more urgent. You're more It becomes more urgent. You're more It becomes more urgent. You're more aware of your own mortality. You know, aware of your own mortality. You know, aware of your own mortality. You know, they'll start the announcement. I will they'll start the announcement. I will they'll start the announcement. I will definitely pay attention. Absolutely. definitely pay attention. Absolutely. definitely pay attention. Absolutely. Pay attention. The glasses go on, the Pay attention. The glasses go on, the Pay attention. The glasses go on, the headphones come off, book goes down, headphones come off, book goes down, headphones come off, book goes down, notebook comes up. Last flight I was on, it got to that Last flight I was on, it got to that Last flight I was on, it got to that point, we've all heard it a thousand point, we've all heard it a thousand point, we've all heard it a thousand times. We've all heard it a thousand times. We've all heard it a thousand times. We've all heard it a thousand times. put the little life jacket on, times. put the little life jacket on, times. put the little life jacket on, right? He put the little life jacket on right? He put the little life jacket on right? He put the little life jacket on and she went, she said, "Uh, and of and she went, she said, "Uh, and of and she went, she said, "Uh, and of course, in the event of landing on course, in the event of landing on course, in the event of landing on water, there is a whistle water, there is a whistle water, there is a whistle to attract attention. to attract attention. to attract attention. In the event of landing on water, there In the event of landing on water, there In the event of landing on water, there is a whistle. is a whistle. is a whistle. A whistle A whistle A whistle to attract attention." Now I think for to attract attention." Now I think for to attract attention." Now I think for the first time in my life I really took the first time in my life I really took the first time in my life I really took in that whistle, in that whistle, in that whistle, the fabric of that whistle, if you will, the fabric of that whistle, if you will, the fabric of that whistle, if you will, the the being of that whistle, the the the being of that whistle, the the the being of that whistle, the ergonomics of that whistle. There is a ergonomics of that whistle. There is a ergonomics of that whistle. There is a whistle whistle whistle to attract attention. My brain had the to attract attention. My brain had the to attract attention. My brain had the very helpful thought. It thought, well, very helpful thought. It thought, well, very helpful thought. It thought, well, if we have landed on water, if we have landed on water, if we have landed on water, we have essentially fallen out of the we have essentially fallen out of the we have essentially fallen out of the sky from 30 to 40,000 ft in a not sky from 30 to 40,000 ft in a not sky from 30 to 40,000 ft in a not insignificant metal tube that may or may insignificant metal tube that may or may insignificant metal tube that may or may not be on fire. not be on fire. not be on fire. If that hasn't attracted attention, if everybody in the surrounding area has if everybody in the surrounding area has if everybody in the surrounding area has managed not to notice and you are then reliant on I got this I got this I got this So, I came to Britain in the early 80s. So, I came to Britain in the early 80s. So, I came to Britain in the early 80s. We were refugees long before it became We were refugees long before it became We were refugees long before it became fashionable. fashionable. fashionable. But my favorite immigrants are Polish But my favorite immigrants are Polish But my favorite immigrants are Polish people because they properly confused people because they properly confused people because they properly confused old-fashioned racists. Have you seen old-fashioned racists. Have you seen old-fashioned racists. Have you seen them? They don't know what to do. What them? They don't know what to do. What them? They don't know what to do. What do we do? What do we say? They're do we do? What do we say? They're do we do? What do we say? They're immigrants, but they're white. I heard this one bloke go, "Bloody Poles I heard this one bloke go, "Bloody Poles I heard this one bloke go, "Bloody Poles coming over here with their work ethic." coming over here with their work ethic." coming over here with their work ethic." Which isn't very politically correct. Which isn't very politically correct. Which isn't very politically correct. And And I am I try so hard to be And And I am I try so hard to be And And I am I try so hard to be politically correct. Sometimes I take it politically correct. Sometimes I take it politically correct. Sometimes I take it too far. I was at a party recently and I too far. I was at a party recently and I too far. I was at a party recently and I said to my friend, "Have you met Steve?" said to my friend, "Have you met Steve?" said to my friend, "Have you met Steve?" He's a really nice guy. My friend goes, He's a really nice guy. My friend goes, He's a really nice guy. My friend goes, "Which one's Steve?" Steve was the only "Which one's Steve?" Steve was the only "Which one's Steve?" Steve was the only black guy in the room. I found myself black guy in the room. I found myself black guy in the room. I found myself going, "Steve, yeah, is over there. He's going, "Steve, yeah, is over there. He's going, "Steve, yeah, is over there. He's got blue jeans on. got blue jeans on. got blue jeans on. a gray t-shirt, sort of curly hair, and a gray t-shirt, sort of curly hair, and a gray t-shirt, sort of curly hair, and a Nigerian accent. And once I was performing at comedy And once I was performing at comedy And once I was performing at comedy club, and there was two black guys in club, and there was two black guys in club, and there was two black guys in the front row like like you two, but um the front row like like you two, but um the front row like like you two, but um but but men and black. Um but but men and black. Um but but men and black. Um you are a man, sir. I'm sorry. It's the you are a man, sir. I'm sorry. It's the you are a man, sir. I'm sorry. It's the lights. And I said to them, "So, how do lights. And I said to them, "So, how do lights. And I said to them, "So, how do you two know each other?" And they you two know each other?" And they you two know each other?" And they looked at each other and went, "We looked at each other and went, "We looked at each other and went, "We don't." might as well have had NF tattooed on my might as well have had NF tattooed on my might as well have had NF tattooed on my forehead. forehead. forehead. I didn't. It was felt tip. I didn't. It was felt tip. I didn't. It was felt tip. I like friendly. A little bit of I like friendly. A little bit of I like friendly. A little bit of friendly racism is nice. When I was a friendly racism is nice. When I was a friendly racism is nice. When I was a little girl, I used to always go to my little girl, I used to always go to my little girl, I used to always go to my friend Katie's house and every time her friend Katie's house and every time her friend Katie's house and every time her dad opened the door, HE'D GO, "HELLO, dad opened the door, HE'D GO, "HELLO, dad opened the door, HE'D GO, "HELLO, SHAPPY. You've been on holiday." So, um, I have a little boy. I have a So, um, I have a little boy. I have a So, um, I have a little boy. I have a baby boy. I'm a mom. And I'm looking at baby boy. I'm a mom. And I'm looking at baby boy. I'm a mom. And I'm looking at you, some of you so young. I could be you, some of you so young. I could be you, some of you so young. I could be your mommy if I lived somewhere rural. Like a lot of women, I got to my 30s and Like a lot of women, I got to my 30s and Like a lot of women, I got to my 30s and I thought, I've got to have a baby now I thought, I've got to have a baby now I thought, I've got to have a baby now while my mom's still young enough to while my mom's still young enough to while my mom's still young enough to look after it for me. look after it for me. look after it for me. And I went to all the antiatal classes And I went to all the antiatal classes And I went to all the antiatal classes and and this woman came up to me, one of and and this woman came up to me, one of and and this woman came up to me, one of the other moms goes, "Oh, how are you the other moms goes, "Oh, how are you the other moms goes, "Oh, how are you planning on losing your baby weight?" I planning on losing your baby weight?" I planning on losing your baby weight?" I was like, "Well, I was just thinking of was like, "Well, I was just thinking of was like, "Well, I was just thinking of having the child." having the child." having the child." And she was like, "Oh, I'm going to be a And she was like, "Oh, I'm going to be a And she was like, "Oh, I'm going to be a yummy mummy. I'm going to lose all yummy yummy mummy. I'm going to lose all yummy yummy mummy. I'm going to lose all yummy mummy." That's just like a middle- class mummy." That's just like a middle- class mummy." That's just like a middle- class way of saying milk. I was so happy when when I found out I was so happy when when I found out I was so happy when when I found out that that I was pregnant. And we we had that that I was pregnant. And we we had that that I was pregnant. And we we had a scan and we knew that it was a boy. a scan and we knew that it was a boy. a scan and we knew that it was a boy. And people said to me, "Why did you find And people said to me, "Why did you find And people said to me, "Why did you find out the sex of your baby? Didn't you out the sex of your baby? Didn't you out the sex of your baby? Didn't you want a surprise?" Well, it's going to be want a surprise?" Well, it's going to be want a surprise?" Well, it's going to be a boy or a girl. Do you know what I a boy or a girl. Do you know what I a boy or a girl. Do you know what I mean? The only surprise would have been mean? The only surprise would have been mean? The only surprise would have been if it was a puppy. And there are there are no puppies in my And there are there are no puppies in my And there are there are no puppies in my family. family. family. There's one goat. It's it's it's not a There's one goat. It's it's it's not a There's one goat. It's it's it's not a blood relation. blood relation. blood relation. Thank goodness I have a child. It was no Thank goodness I have a child. It was no Thank goodness I have a child. It was no fun being a broody Iranian woman. Every fun being a broody Iranian woman. Every fun being a broody Iranian woman. Every time I said to people, "My body thoughts time I said to people, "My body thoughts time I said to people, "My body thoughts ticking." They'd hit the ground. [applause] So, with all that going on, [applause] So, with all that going on, [applause] So, with all that going on, when I did find out I was pregnant, I when I did find out I was pregnant, I when I did find out I was pregnant, I was so delighted. I thought, I am going was so delighted. I thought, I am going was so delighted. I thought, I am going to fill this child's life up with love to fill this child's life up with love to fill this child's life up with love and hope and understanding. My husband's and hope and understanding. My husband's and hope and understanding. My husband's reaction was slightly different. HE reaction was slightly different. HE reaction was slightly different. HE WALKED AROUND GOING, "WOOHOO! WALKED AROUND GOING, "WOOHOO! WALKED AROUND GOING, "WOOHOO! MY SOLDIERS WORKED." It's not his. Oh, the fuss he made when he found out I Oh, the fuss he made when he found out I Oh, the fuss he made when he found out I was cheating on him. was cheating on him. was cheating on him. Only child can't share. My husband's English. He's from My husband's English. He's from My husband's English. He's from Nottingham. And a lot of people ask me Nottingham. And a lot of people ask me Nottingham. And a lot of people ask me if if my husband's Iranian. I go, "Well, if if my husband's Iranian. I go, "Well, if if my husband's Iranian. I go, "Well, he's not. He's English, but he's he's not. He's English, but he's he's not. He's English, but he's planning to convert. planning to convert. planning to convert. His family are absolutely lovely." And His family are absolutely lovely." And His family are absolutely lovely." And when they first met me, they kept going, when they first met me, they kept going, when they first met me, they kept going, "Well, Shappie so exotic. She's so "Well, Shappie so exotic. She's so "Well, Shappie so exotic. She's so exotic." Which means foreign, but not in exotic." Which means foreign, but not in exotic." Which means foreign, but not in a way that we hate. a way that we hate. a way that we hate. >> I think often a lot of people don't >> I think often a lot of people don't >> I think often a lot of people don't realize there's an actual person behind realize there's an actual person behind realize there's an actual person behind somebody's disability. And I experienced somebody's disability. And I experienced somebody's disability. And I experienced this right firsthand when I got lost in this right firsthand when I got lost in this right firsthand when I got lost in a park in Glasgow. a park in Glasgow. a park in Glasgow. I came off the path. I I was in the I came off the path. I I was in the I came off the path. I I was in the bushes like looking like a like proper creepy like looking like a like proper creepy like looking like a like proper creepy weirdo and weirdo and weirdo and I heard this guy aggressively running I heard this guy aggressively running I heard this guy aggressively running over at me shouting, "Oh, over at me shouting, "Oh, over at me shouting, "Oh, you." [groaning] you." [groaning] you." [groaning] And I turned to face him and he stopped And I turned to face him and he stopped And I turned to face him and he stopped dead in his tracks went, "Oh, sorry, dead in his tracks went, "Oh, sorry, dead in his tracks went, "Oh, sorry, pal. Didn't see the stick. [snorts] pal. Didn't see the stick. [snorts] pal. Didn't see the stick. [snorts] Thought you were a pest." You do know that's a pig guy. Yes. Yes. Yes. People only see my disability. I should People only see my disability. I should People only see my disability. I should see how much I can get away with. Do you see how much I can get away with. Do you see how much I can get away with. Do you know what I mean? Like how much of a of know what I mean? Like how much of a of know what I mean? Like how much of a of a blind wronging can I be? a blind wronging can I be? a blind wronging can I be? Just go to a supermarket, blatantly Just go to a supermarket, blatantly Just go to a supermarket, blatantly shoplift a coat. shoplift a coat. shoplift a coat. I get busted trying to leave through the I get busted trying to leave through the I get busted trying to leave through the plate glass window again. Security guard. Excuse me, sir. Is that Security guard. Excuse me, sir. Is that Security guard. Excuse me, sir. Is that your coat? Yes. Do you mind taking the your coat? Yes. Do you mind taking the your coat? Yes. Do you mind taking the security tag off it? security tag off it? security tag off it? Certainly, sir. Can I just see your Certainly, sir. Can I just see your Certainly, sir. Can I just see your receipt? Hey, big innocent face. Hand receipt? Hey, big innocent face. Hand receipt? Hey, big innocent face. Hand him a blank bit of bog roll. I bet he's not got the heart to say I bet he's not got the heart to say I bet he's not got the heart to say anything above him. That's fine. Have a anything above him. That's fine. Have a anything above him. That's fine. Have a nice day. But I still maintain though it is it is But I still maintain though it is it is But I still maintain though it is it is an excellent time to to to be disabled. an excellent time to to to be disabled. an excellent time to to to be disabled. In fact, now in some areas, hey, too In fact, now in some areas, hey, too In fact, now in some areas, hey, too good good good to the point I' I'd like to finish this to the point I' I'd like to finish this to the point I' I'd like to finish this evening by asking you lovely people of evening by asking you lovely people of evening by asking you lovely people of of the Apollo a favor. of the Apollo a favor. of the Apollo a favor. Could you please Could you please Could you please stop modifying sport stop modifying sport stop modifying sport so I can take part? so I can take part? so I can take part? It's now getting harder and harder to It's now getting harder and harder to It's now getting harder and harder to moan about being excluded. moan about being excluded. moan about being excluded. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> But I am always been made to feel so >> But I am always been made to feel so >> But I am always been made to feel so very welcome. very welcome. very welcome. Not everything has to be accessible. Not everything has to be accessible. Not everything has to be accessible. There's a message. There's a message. There's a message. And being blind is a brilliant reason And being blind is a brilliant reason And being blind is a brilliant reason not to have to do something. not to have to do something. not to have to do something. Cuz this guy, this guy asked me if I Cuz this guy, this guy asked me if I Cuz this guy, this guy asked me if I wanted to take part in a game of wanted to take part in a game of wanted to take part in a game of football. football. football. You cheeky bastard. You cheeky bastard. You cheeky bastard. Oh, I'm going to guilt trip you, my Oh, I'm going to guilt trip you, my Oh, I'm going to guilt trip you, my friend. I'd love to take part in a game friend. I'd love to take part in a game friend. I'd love to take part in a game of football. Yes, but I just don't think of football. Yes, but I just don't think of football. Yes, but I just don't think the blind man's that welcome in the the blind man's that welcome in the the blind man's that welcome in the hallowed turf. hallowed turf. hallowed turf. Not realizing Not realizing Not realizing blind football. blind football. blind football. It's an established sport. What sick prick came up with that? came up with that? came up with that? 22 blind lads running like [\h__\h] at each 22 blind lads running like [\h__\h] at each 22 blind lads running like [\h__\h] at each other. other. other. They're trying to kick a ball with a They're trying to kick a ball with a They're trying to kick a ball with a bell in it. bell in it. bell in it. Guys, that's not accessible. That's a Guys, that's not accessible. That's a Guys, that's not accessible. That's a blood sport. And who goes to see it? But I did. I did. I played my part. I But I did. I did. I played my part. I But I did. I did. I played my part. I took part in one game. took part in one game. took part in one game. Yeah, they put me in goals. Yeah, they put me in goals. Yeah, they put me in goals. But I learned one thing But I learned one thing But I learned one thing in flight. A ball with a bell in it is in flight. A ball with a bell in it is in flight. A ball with a bell in it is silent. But I think right I think women should But I think right I think women should But I think right I think women should just let it out. It's a big day in a just let it out. It's a big day in a just let it out. It's a big day in a girl's life when she can freely let rip girl's life when she can freely let rip girl's life when she can freely let rip in front of her bloke. in front of her bloke. in front of her bloke. It is I THINK WOMEN SHOULD BE HAVING I It is I THINK WOMEN SHOULD BE HAVING I It is I THINK WOMEN SHOULD BE HAVING I FARTED IN FRONT OF my boyfriend for the FARTED IN FRONT OF my boyfriend for the FARTED IN FRONT OF my boyfriend for the first time parties. first time parties. first time parties. I do. I think THEY SHOULD BE RINGING UP I do. I think THEY SHOULD BE RINGING UP I do. I think THEY SHOULD BE RINGING UP THEIR MOMS JUST GOING, "MOM, I've got THEIR MOMS JUST GOING, "MOM, I've got THEIR MOMS JUST GOING, "MOM, I've got something to tell you." Oh, darling, something to tell you." Oh, darling, something to tell you." Oh, darling, what is it? What is it? What is it? What what is it? What is it? What is it? What what is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? I just did a fart in front of is it? I just did a fart in front of is it? I just did a fart in front of Tom. OH, DARLING, THAT'S WONDERFUL NEWS. Tom. OH, DARLING, THAT'S WONDERFUL NEWS. Tom. OH, DARLING, THAT'S WONDERFUL NEWS. Wonderful news. And what did he say? He Wonderful news. And what did he say? He Wonderful news. And what did he say? He didn't say anything. He just laughed and didn't say anything. He just laughed and didn't say anything. He just laughed and farted back. farted back. farted back. My little girl's all grown [laughter] My little girl's all grown [laughter] My little girl's all grown [laughter] up. Meanwhile, dad will be in the up. Meanwhile, dad will be in the up. Meanwhile, dad will be in the background just going, "Women are background just going, "Women are background just going, "Women are farting far too early in front of their farting far too early in front of their farting far too early in front of their boyfriends these days." It was 18 months boyfriends these days." It was 18 months boyfriends these days." It was 18 months before your mother even trumped in my before your mother even trumped in my before your mother even trumped in my direction. direction. direction. six months before she'd take a dump in six months before she'd take a dump in six months before she'd take a dump in the house when I was around. the house when I was around. the house when I was around. And also, I tell you something else, we And also, I tell you something else, we And also, I tell you something else, we pretend as well. We keep the old uh the pretend as well. We keep the old uh the pretend as well. We keep the old uh the lady garden quite tidy. Us girls, don't lady garden quite tidy. Us girls, don't lady garden quite tidy. Us girls, don't we? In the early stages, we will do we? In the early stages, we will do we? In the early stages, we will do little tricks with it. Look, it's a little tricks with it. Look, it's a little tricks with it. Look, it's a strip. It's a Brazilian. Oh, look, I put strip. It's a Brazilian. Oh, look, I put strip. It's a Brazilian. Oh, look, I put hair on it. It's a Mexican. Like, we do hair on it. It's a Mexican. Like, we do hair on it. It's a Mexican. Like, we do [applause] we do all that in the early [applause] we do all that in the early [applause] we do all that in the early stages and then after about a year, it stages and then after about a year, it stages and then after about a year, it looks like the back of the wardrobe that looks like the back of the wardrobe that looks like the back of the wardrobe that leads TO NA. WELL, IF he wants it, HE'S GOING TO HAVE WELL, IF he wants it, HE'S GOING TO HAVE WELL, IF he wants it, HE'S GOING TO HAVE TO WORK FOR IT. People say to me, Andy, you could try People say to me, Andy, you could try People say to me, Andy, you could try meeting people in a nightclub. You meeting people in a nightclub. You meeting people in a nightclub. You You'll never meet anyone good in a You'll never meet anyone good in a You'll never meet anyone good in a nightclub because the nightclub nightclub because the nightclub nightclub because the nightclub environment is designed to have us make environment is designed to have us make environment is designed to have us make bad decisions. It is cuz it's dark. You bad decisions. It is cuz it's dark. You bad decisions. It is cuz it's dark. You can't see. You can't hear. You know can't see. You can't hear. You know can't see. You can't hear. You know what? If nightclubs want to be what? If nightclubs want to be what? If nightclubs want to be responsible, what they should do to help responsible, what they should do to help responsible, what they should do to help us out is just before the exit, they us out is just before the exit, they us out is just before the exit, they should have a brightly lit room where should have a brightly lit room where should have a brightly lit room where you can check out the person you're you can check out the person you're you can check out the person you're leaving with. leaving with. leaving with. Yes, they should. They should CALL IT Yes, they should. They should CALL IT Yes, they should. They should CALL IT THE HAVE A SODEN WORD WITH YOURSELF THE HAVE A SODEN WORD WITH YOURSELF THE HAVE A SODEN WORD WITH YOURSELF LOUNGE. And you'd literally get women in there And you'd literally get women in there And you'd literally get women in there just going, "Oh my GOD, YOU'RE WEARING A just going, "Oh my GOD, YOU'RE WEARING A just going, "Oh my GOD, YOU'RE WEARING A FLEECE. I couldn't tell cuz it's so dark FLEECE. I couldn't tell cuz it's so dark FLEECE. I couldn't tell cuz it's so dark in there." Okay, nice to meet you. in there." Okay, nice to meet you. in there." Okay, nice to meet you. But listen, if you meet somebody online, But listen, if you meet somebody online, But listen, if you meet somebody online, all I'm going to say is there's some all I'm going to say is there's some all I'm going to say is there's some safety things to take into safety things to take into safety things to take into consideration. Now, I met somebody consideration. Now, I met somebody consideration. Now, I met somebody through Twitter, just the once. I'll through Twitter, just the once. I'll through Twitter, just the once. I'll never do it again. And it was the most never do it again. And it was the most never do it again. And it was the most irresponsible thing I think I've ever irresponsible thing I think I've ever irresponsible thing I think I've ever done. And I spoke to a friend about it done. And I spoke to a friend about it done. And I spoke to a friend about it before we met up. And I said, "Listen, before we met up. And I said, "Listen, before we met up. And I said, "Listen, I've met this guy and we seem to really I've met this guy and we seem to really I've met this guy and we seem to really like each other." And we're talking like each other." And we're talking like each other." And we're talking about meeting up. What do you reckon? about meeting up. What do you reckon? about meeting up. What do you reckon? Should I meet him? And before my mate Should I meet him? And before my mate Should I meet him? And before my mate even had a chance to say anything, I even had a chance to say anything, I even had a chance to say anything, I said, "You know what? I am going to meet said, "You know what? I am going to meet said, "You know what? I am going to meet this guy. You know why? Cuz life's too this guy. You know why? Cuz life's too this guy. You know why? Cuz life's too short." short. And my mate just read, short." short. And my mate just read, short." short. And my mate just read, "Yeah, you're going to find out how "Yeah, you're going to find out how "Yeah, you're going to find out how short." And my mom says, she says, "Look, if you And my mom says, she says, "Look, if you And my mom says, she says, "Look, if you go on these dates, make sure you meet in go on these dates, make sure you meet in go on these dates, make sure you meet in a public place." Okay? And I'm just a public place." Okay? And I'm just a public place." Okay? And I'm just going to add something to that. Public going to add something to that. Public going to add something to that. Public place, brill toilet. Don't meet in a Never meet in a public Don't meet in a Never meet in a public Don't meet in a Never meet in a public toilet. No good can come of it. Unless toilet. No good can come of it. Unless toilet. No good can come of it. Unless it's, you know, them space age toilets it's, you know, them space age toilets it's, you know, them space age toilets that they have outside where you put the that they have outside where you put the that they have outside where you put the money in, press the button, and then the money in, press the button, and then the money in, press the button, and then the door opens. You know why? Cuz you can door opens. You know why? Cuz you can door opens. You know why? Cuz you can pretend it's blind date. pretend it's blind date. pretend it's blind date. How cool is that? You just put the money How cool is that? You just put the money How cool is that? You just put the money and press the button. [laughter] And if you don't like it, JUST PRESS THE And if you don't like it, JUST PRESS THE And if you don't like it, JUST PRESS THE BUTTON really quickly. [laughter] I don't know why like young couples, new I don't know why like young couples, new I don't know why like young couples, new couples have got this obsession with couples have got this obsession with couples have got this obsession with finding out how many people someone's finding out how many people someone's finding out how many people someone's been out with from before. Like how many been out with from before. Like how many been out with from before. Like how many previous partners? How many previous previous partners? How many previous previous partners? How many previous partners? This is a lose-lose situation, partners? This is a lose-lose situation, partners? This is a lose-lose situation, right? And if any of you have ever had right? And if any of you have ever had right? And if any of you have ever had that conversation or you think it's ever that conversation or you think it's ever that conversation or you think it's ever going to come up, this is what I say. going to come up, this is what I say. going to come up, this is what I say. This is what you should say. Okay? Just This is what you should say. Okay? Just This is what you should say. Okay? Just say to the person that's asked you, you say to the person that's asked you, you say to the person that's asked you, you want to know how many previous partners, want to know how many previous partners, want to know how many previous partners, okay, I'll tell you from the beginning. okay, I'll tell you from the beginning. okay, I'll tell you from the beginning. All right? 1 2 3 4 You. Six. Seven. One of the major good things that's come One of the major good things that's come One of the major good things that's come out of it is how we've embraced new out of it is how we've embraced new out of it is how we've embraced new technology, isn't it? Cuz it's just technology, isn't it? Cuz it's just technology, isn't it? Cuz it's just unbelievable. Who knew what Zoom was two unbelievable. Who knew what Zoom was two unbelievable. Who knew what Zoom was two years ago? None of us. Like last week, I years ago? None of us. Like last week, I years ago? None of us. Like last week, I had to do a speed awareness course had to do a speed awareness course had to do a speed awareness course online. Now, you should be doing that on online. Now, you should be doing that on online. Now, you should be doing that on something called Zoom. But that's the something called Zoom. But that's the something called Zoom. But that's the WORLD WE'RE IN NOW. It's the world we're WORLD WE'RE IN NOW. It's the world we're WORLD WE'RE IN NOW. It's the world we're in. I've got a phone that can recognize in. I've got a phone that can recognize in. I've got a phone that can recognize my face. That already makes it better my face. That already makes it better my face. That already makes it better than my nan. Come on. than my nan. Come on. than my nan. Come on. I embrace new technology. I do because I embrace new technology. I do because I embrace new technology. I do because could you imagine if this pandemic had could you imagine if this pandemic had could you imagine if this pandemic had happened like 30 years ago? No internet, happened like 30 years ago? No internet, happened like 30 years ago? No internet, no Zoom, no Pornhub. I don't know why I no Zoom, no Pornhub. I don't know why I no Zoom, no Pornhub. I don't know why I looked at you, sir, but I did. looked at you, sir, but I did. looked at you, sir, but I did. Cuz I think we've forgotten here in Cuz I think we've forgotten here in Cuz I think we've forgotten here in 2021. We've forgotten what really being 2021. We've forgotten what really being 2021. We've forgotten what really being bored feels like. Like proper proper bored feels like. Like proper proper bored feels like. Like proper proper bored. My friend's little boy said the bored. My friend's little boy said the bored. My friend's little boy said the other day he gets bored waiting for an other day he gets bored waiting for an other day he gets bored waiting for an app to load. [\h__\h] off, mate. app to load. [\h__\h] off, mate. app to load. [\h__\h] off, mate. That is not boredom, IS IT? I'M TALKING That is not boredom, IS IT? I'M TALKING That is not boredom, IS IT? I'M TALKING SUNDAY afternoon in the 80s. That was SUNDAY afternoon in the 80s. That was SUNDAY afternoon in the 80s. That was boredom when it was raining. You'd read boredom when it was raining. You'd read boredom when it was raining. You'd read every book in the house. I grew up in every book in the house. I grew up in every book in the house. I grew up in Maidstone. That's a Mills and boon and Maidstone. That's a Mills and boon and Maidstone. That's a Mills and boon and an Argos catalog. an Argos catalog. an Argos catalog. Your mom's watching something black and Your mom's watching something black and Your mom's watching something black and white on the only telly in the house. So white on the only telly in the house. So white on the only telly in the house. So you listen to your Waltman for a bit, you listen to your Waltman for a bit, you listen to your Waltman for a bit, but the batteries are dying. So but the batteries are dying. So but the batteries are dying. So Madonna's like a virgin. Sounds like Madonna's like a virgin. Sounds like Madonna's like a virgin. Sounds like Barry White singing it. Barry White singing it. Barry White singing it. You can't go and buy more batteries, can You can't go and buy more batteries, can You can't go and buy more batteries, can you? You can't. Cuz all the shops are you? You can't. Cuz all the shops are you? You can't. Cuz all the shops are shut. And I mean, all the shops are shut. And I mean, all the shops are shut. And I mean, all the shops are shut. Even the petrol stations are shut. shut. Even the petrol stations are shut. shut. Even the petrol stations are shut. And then when you think your day can't And then when you think your day can't And then when you think your day can't get any more tedious, your daddy go, get any more tedious, your daddy go, get any more tedious, your daddy go, "Get in the car, everyone. We're going "Get in the car, everyone. We're going "Get in the car, everyone. We're going to go and visit someone." to go and visit someone." to go and visit someone." That's what we do, isn't it? ON A SUNDAY That's what we do, isn't it? ON A SUNDAY That's what we do, isn't it? ON A SUNDAY afternoon in the 80s, we would visit afternoon in the 80s, we would visit afternoon in the 80s, we would visit people for no reason other than to ruin people for no reason other than to ruin people for no reason other than to ruin their day. their day. their day. Do you know what? Young people don't Do you know what? Young people don't Do you know what? Young people don't believe this. When you tell them, "We believe this. When you tell them, "We believe this. When you tell them, "We never told them we were coming." never told them we were coming." never told them we were coming." Could you imagine doing that to someone Could you imagine doing that to someone Could you imagine doing that to someone today? They'd be livid, wouldn't they? today? They'd be livid, wouldn't they? today? They'd be livid, wouldn't they? We used to spend every Sunday with We used to spend every Sunday with We used to spend every Sunday with people wishing that they'd hoovered and people wishing that they'd hoovered and people wishing that they'd hoovered and we'd [\h__\h] off, didn't we? I'M QUITE we'd [\h__\h] off, didn't we? I'M QUITE we'd [\h__\h] off, didn't we? I'M QUITE HONORED. THE ONLY PEOPLE WHO PHONED HONORED. THE ONLY PEOPLE WHO PHONED HONORED. THE ONLY PEOPLE WHO PHONED AHEAD IN the 1980s were the IRA. Fact. AHEAD IN the 1980s were the IRA. Fact. AHEAD IN the 1980s were the IRA. Fact. I wouldn't I wouldn't be a teenager now I wouldn't I wouldn't be a teenager now I wouldn't I wouldn't be a teenager now though, would you? I wouldn't be a though, would you? I wouldn't be a though, would you? I wouldn't be a teenager now. When I think of the things teenager now. When I think of the things teenager now. When I think of the things I did when I was a teenager, the thought I did when I was a teenager, the thought I did when I was a teenager, the thought of that being on the internet forever of that being on the internet forever of that being on the internet forever makes me feel physically sick. It does. makes me feel physically sick. It does. makes me feel physically sick. It does. The way they have to communicate with The way they have to communicate with The way they have to communicate with each other is something I just can't each other is something I just can't each other is something I just can't understand. You know, texting. I understand. You know, texting. I understand. You know, texting. I couldn't write a text. I don't know what couldn't write a text. I don't know what couldn't write a text. I don't know what to put in a birthday card. to put in a birthday card. to put in a birthday card. When I was a teenager, if I wanted to When I was a teenager, if I wanted to When I was a teenager, if I wanted to leave a sexy message for a boy, I'd have leave a sexy message for a boy, I'd have leave a sexy message for a boy, I'd have to ring his landline and leave a message to ring his landline and leave a message to ring his landline and leave a message with his mom. with his mom. with his mom. Went to what, dear? Went to what, dear? Went to what, dear? All over your watch. All over your watch. All over your watch. Different times, isn't it? Different Different times, isn't it? Different Different times, isn't it? Different time. There's a boy I fancied at school. time. There's a boy I fancied at school. time. There's a boy I fancied at school. I couldn't text him to write him a note, I couldn't text him to write him a note, I couldn't text him to write him a note, stick it in his school bag, and I make stick it in his school bag, and I make stick it in his school bag, and I make him a mixtape. him a mixtape. him a mixtape. Write him a poem. That's all we asked, Write him a poem. That's all we asked, Write him a poem. That's all we asked, didn't we? I genuinely think a didn't we? I genuinely think a didn't we? I genuinely think a 14-year-old girl today, she would be 14-year-old girl today, she would be 14-year-old girl today, she would be more freaked out if you sent her a poem more freaked out if you sent her a poem more freaked out if you sent her a poem than if you sent her a picture of your than if you sent her a picture of your than if you sent her a picture of your knob. knob. knob. PO WOULD FREAK OUT MORE. SHE'D BE WITH PO WOULD FREAK OUT MORE. SHE'D BE WITH PO WOULD FREAK OUT MORE. SHE'D BE WITH HER FRIENDS GOING, "I MEAN, it was like HER FRIENDS GOING, "I MEAN, it was like HER FRIENDS GOING, "I MEAN, it was like a song, but it wasn't a song." a song, but it wasn't a song." a song, but it wasn't a song." And there was no [\h__\h] in it. And there was no [\h__\h] in it. And there was no [\h__\h] in it. Not even a bollock. No, different Not even a bollock. No, different Not even a bollock. No, different crimes, you know. Apparently, young crimes, you know. Apparently, young crimes, you know. Apparently, young people today, they are most likely now people today, they are most likely now people today, they are most likely now to have their very first sexual to have their very first sexual to have their very first sexual experience online. By FaceTime or Skype. experience online. By FaceTime or Skype. experience online. By FaceTime or Skype. They're not even in the same room. You They're not even in the same room. You They're not even in the same room. You got one teenager in this house on their got one teenager in this house on their got one teenager in this house on their phone and the other teenager in this phone and the other teenager in this phone and the other teenager in this house on their phone and that's how house on their phone and that's how house on their phone and that's how they're having their first sexual they're having their first sexual they're having their first sexual experience. And I just think, do you experience. And I just think, do you experience. And I just think, do you know what? know what? know what? Getting fingered behind a caravan at a Getting fingered behind a caravan at a Getting fingered behind a caravan at a fairground fairground fairground is not ideal, but at least I was getting some fresh but at least I was getting some fresh but at least I was getting some fresh air. My parents are disappointed I didn't get My parents are disappointed I didn't get My parents are disappointed I didn't get married cuz like I said, I'm Egyptian. married cuz like I said, I'm Egyptian. married cuz like I said, I'm Egyptian. I'm in my 40s, so I was supposed to be I'm in my 40s, so I was supposed to be I'm in my 40s, so I was supposed to be married 30 years ago. So, they're like, married 30 years ago. So, they're like, married 30 years ago. So, they're like, "Tick tock. "Tick tock. "Tick tock. When's this happening?" But they don't When's this happening?" But they don't When's this happening?" But they don't understand dating. My parents didn't understand dating. My parents didn't understand dating. My parents didn't date. They were in arranged marriage. date. They were in arranged marriage. date. They were in arranged marriage. Uh, they met on the Bachelor season 3. I Uh, they met on the Bachelor season 3. I Uh, they met on the Bachelor season 3. I think think think they don't get that joke or anything I they don't get that joke or anything I they don't get that joke or anything I do. But um do. But um do. But um I was supposed to be a doctor or a I was supposed to be a doctor or a I was supposed to be a doctor or a lawyer or an engineer, which is pretty lawyer or an engineer, which is pretty lawyer or an engineer, which is pretty typical for Arabs actually. Like I went typical for Arabs actually. Like I went typical for Arabs actually. Like I went to Palestine once to do comedy there to Palestine once to do comedy there to Palestine once to do comedy there because that's what that region needs, because that's what that region needs, because that's what that region needs, just dick jokes. So thought I'd help. just dick jokes. So thought I'd help. just dick jokes. So thought I'd help. And after the show, there was a Q&A and And after the show, there was a Q&A and And after the show, there was a Q&A and somebody in the audience was like, "Why somebody in the audience was like, "Why somebody in the audience was like, "Why did you decide to become a comedian?" did you decide to become a comedian?" did you decide to become a comedian?" And as a joke, I was like, "I wasn't And as a joke, I was like, "I wasn't And as a joke, I was like, "I wasn't smart enough to be a doctor." But they smart enough to be a doctor." But they smart enough to be a doctor." But they didn't get it. They were like, "Oh, I'm didn't get it. They were like, "Oh, I'm didn't get it. They were like, "Oh, I'm sorry. maybe if you study harder, you can do maybe if you study harder, you can do maybe if you study harder, you can do it. I was like, yeah, definitely. This it. I was like, yeah, definitely. This it. I was like, yeah, definitely. This is a lifelong dream. That's all right. is a lifelong dream. That's all right. is a lifelong dream. That's all right. My dad thinks I'm his responsibility My dad thinks I'm his responsibility My dad thinks I'm his responsibility until I'm my husband's responsibility. until I'm my husband's responsibility. until I'm my husband's responsibility. But at no point am I to be my own But at no point am I to be my own But at no point am I to be my own responsibility, right? Like the women in responsibility, right? Like the women in responsibility, right? Like the women in my culture need to chaperone through my culture need to chaperone through my culture need to chaperone through life. Like we just don't have the same life. Like we just don't have the same life. Like we just don't have the same rights as the men. Because my dad wanted rights as the men. Because my dad wanted rights as the men. Because my dad wanted to move from Cairo to America, so he to move from Cairo to America, so he to move from Cairo to America, so he just moved. You're a man. Bye. Right. My just moved. You're a man. Bye. Right. My just moved. You're a man. Bye. Right. My mom wanted to move from Cairo to America mom wanted to move from Cairo to America mom wanted to move from Cairo to America and they were like, "Well, let's find and they were like, "Well, let's find and they were like, "Well, let's find you a husband in America." And that's you a husband in America." And that's you a husband in America." And that's how they met. Three of my aunts became how they met. Three of my aunts became how they met. Three of my aunts became nuns. nuns. nuns. That's a lot of nuns for one family. And That's a lot of nuns for one family. And That's a lot of nuns for one family. And I was like, "Mom, why did all your I was like, "Mom, why did all your I was like, "Mom, why did all your sisters become nuns?" She was like, "Cuz sisters become nuns?" She was like, "Cuz sisters become nuns?" She was like, "Cuz they didn't want to get married." And they didn't want to get married." And they didn't want to get married." And then she caught herself. She's like, then she caught herself. She's like, then she caught herself. She's like, "Because they love God." I was like, "No, I knew it. Face all I was like, "No, I knew it. Face all I was like, "No, I knew it. Face all their options. Meet Samir. He doesn't their options. Meet Samir. He doesn't their options. Meet Samir. He doesn't know how to do his own laundry and he know how to do his own laundry and he know how to do his own laundry and he has hummus in his beard right now. has hummus in his beard right now. has hummus in his beard right now. You can have sex with him every night or You can have sex with him every night or You can have sex with him every night or meet God. The only thing you have to do meet God. The only thing you have to do meet God. The only thing you have to do on your knees is pray. And they were on your knees is pray. And they were on your knees is pray. And they were like, like, like, "Yep, God. That's perfect. Thank you. I love I love being in London because I love I love being in London because I love I love being in London because it's so close to the rest of Europe. I it's so close to the rest of Europe. I it's so close to the rest of Europe. I love to travel. I go to Paris. Tell my love to travel. I go to Paris. Tell my love to travel. I go to Paris. Tell my American friends I'm going to Paris. American friends I'm going to Paris. American friends I'm going to Paris. They get so excited for me. They're They get so excited for me. They're They get so excited for me. They're like, "Oh my god, Perie. We love that like, "Oh my god, Perie. We love that like, "Oh my god, Perie. We love that for you. We love Amaly. And and I tell for you. We love Amaly. And and I tell for you. We love Amaly. And and I tell people here I'm going to Paris. You people here I'm going to Paris. You people here I'm going to Paris. You don't give a [\h__\h] at all. don't give a [\h__\h] at all. don't give a [\h__\h] at all. All you ever say when I say I'm going All you ever say when I say I'm going All you ever say when I say I'm going there is, "Oh, cool. How are you getting there is, "Oh, cool. How are you getting there is, "Oh, cool. How are you getting there? Are you taking the train?" Oh, the train's so great. You're going Oh, the train's so great. You're going Oh, the train's so great. You're going to love the train. Like cool. Every to love the train. Like cool. Every to love the train. Like cool. Every time. time. time. How you getting there? You taking the How you getting there? You taking the How you getting there? You taking the train? Oh, the train is so great. Like, train? Oh, the train is so great. Like, train? Oh, the train is so great. Like, so is Paris. Why can't I talk about so is Paris. Why can't I talk about so is Paris. Why can't I talk about Paris? What? I'm going to go to cafes Paris? What? I'm going to go to cafes Paris? What? I'm going to go to cafes and museums. I'm going to see Jim and museums. I'm going to see Jim and museums. I'm going to see Jim Morrison's grave. And you're like, Morrison's grave. And you're like, Morrison's grave. And you're like, that's cool. How are you getting home that's cool. How are you getting home that's cool. How are you getting home though? You taking the train? though? You taking the train? though? You taking the train? Train's so great. Like, it's a good Train's so great. Like, it's a good Train's so great. Like, it's a good train. Relax. train. Relax. train. Relax. It's good to vomit on. And It's good to vomit on. And It's good to vomit on. And last time I was there, this Parisian man last time I was there, this Parisian man last time I was there, this Parisian man walks right up to me. He was like, "You walks right up to me. He was like, "You walks right up to me. He was like, "You have fire." have fire." have fire." This is why I love the French. What a This is why I love the French. What a This is why I love the French. What a thing to say to a stranger. You have thing to say to a stranger. You have thing to say to a stranger. You have fire. Yeah, you're damn right. I have fire. Yeah, you're damn right. I have fire. Yeah, you're damn right. I have fire, sir. Right. I'm a strong fire, sir. Right. I'm a strong fire, sir. Right. I'm a strong independent woman. I'm a comedian. He independent woman. I'm a comedian. He independent woman. I'm a comedian. He didn't know any of this, but he must didn't know any of this, but he must didn't know any of this, but he must have just seen something in me, like my have just seen something in me, like my have just seen something in me, like my aura, and he had to come up and be like, aura, and he had to come up and be like, aura, and he had to come up and be like, "You have fire." Turns out he [snorts] "You have fire." Turns out he [snorts] "You have fire." Turns out he [snorts] was just looking for a lighter. >> Cable was the more middle class option. >> Cable was the more middle class option. >> Cable was the more middle class option. Yes. No, we don't want a satellite dish Yes. No, we don't want a satellite dish Yes. No, we don't want a satellite dish sticking out the side of our house. No, sticking out the side of our house. No, sticking out the side of our house. No, thank you. I think it looks really quite thank you. I think it looks really quite thank you. I think it looks really quite naff. Yeah. Whereas the working class, naff. Yeah. Whereas the working class, naff. Yeah. Whereas the working class, the satellite dish was the key selling the satellite dish was the key selling the satellite dish was the key selling point. If you're paying £25 a month, you want If you're paying £25 a month, you want If you're paying £25 a month, you want your neighbors to know that you are better than them. that you are better than them. that you are better than them. And we had Sky through a dish 1997. You And we had Sky through a dish 1997. You And we had Sky through a dish 1997. You could be watching Old School Sky in the could be watching Old School Sky in the could be watching Old School Sky in the living room, watching it on the main TV, living room, watching it on the main TV, living room, watching it on the main TV, but you could also go upstairs to the but you could also go upstairs to the but you could also go upstairs to the bedroom TVs, turn to a certain channel bedroom TVs, turn to a certain channel bedroom TVs, turn to a certain channel and watch Sky in the bedroom, but only and watch Sky in the bedroom, but only and watch Sky in the bedroom, but only what the person in the living room what the person in the living room what the person in the living room was watching. I don't know the intrinsic was watching. I don't know the intrinsic was watching. I don't know the intrinsic technical explanation as to why this technical explanation as to why this technical explanation as to why this happened, but it just did. happened, but it just did. happened, but it just did. Saturday nights, me and my dad. I'm on Saturday nights, me and my dad. I'm on Saturday nights, me and my dad. I'm on the couch, he's in his chair, my mom's the couch, he's in his chair, my mom's the couch, he's in his chair, my mom's in bed, my brother's out with his pals. in bed, my brother's out with his pals. in bed, my brother's out with his pals. Just me and the old man watching match Just me and the old man watching match Just me and the old man watching match of the day, watching the highlights. It of the day, watching the highlights. It of the day, watching the highlights. It gets to the kind of shite games. And I gets to the kind of shite games. And I gets to the kind of shite games. And I say, "Right, I think I'm I think I'm say, "Right, I think I'm I think I'm say, "Right, I think I'm I think I'm going to go to bed, Dad. going to go to bed, Dad. going to go to bed, Dad. Good night. And he would continue the sherad and he And he would continue the sherad and he And he would continue the sherad and he are you off to bed, son? Good night. And there was that mutual father and And there was that mutual father and And there was that mutual father and son. We both know what the plan is here. I would I would casually exit the living I would I would casually exit the living I would I would casually exit the living room nice and slowly. Good night. Hit room nice and slowly. Good night. Hit room nice and slowly. Good night. Hit the hallway and race up the stairs. the hallway and race up the stairs. the hallway and race up the stairs. Don't even consider looking in the Don't even consider looking in the Don't even consider looking in the fridge. Eyes on the prize. fridge. Eyes on the prize. fridge. Eyes on the prize. Upstairs. Bedroom TV switched on. Go to Upstairs. Bedroom TV switched on. Go to Upstairs. Bedroom TV switched on. Go to number six. That's you see he's number six. That's you see he's number six. That's you see he's watching. TVs are synchronized. Six. watching. TVs are synchronized. Six. watching. TVs are synchronized. Six. We're in. He's in control. A few minutes go by and he's still A few minutes go by and he's still A few minutes go by and he's still watching match of the day. That's fine. watching match of the day. That's fine. watching match of the day. That's fine. He must be giving it a few minutes. You He must be giving it a few minutes. You He must be giving it a few minutes. You don't want to make it too obvious. don't want to make it too obvious. don't want to make it too obvious. He's done this before. Five minutes go by. He's still watching Five minutes go by. He's still watching Five minutes go by. He's still watching match of the day. I'm thinking, come on, match of the day. I'm thinking, come on, match of the day. I'm thinking, come on, stick to the plan. Andy, I'm looking at the bottom left of the I'm looking at the bottom left of the I'm looking at the bottom left of the screen, waiting for the numbers to get screen, waiting for the numbers to get screen, waiting for the numbers to get typed in. The numbers that could make or break the The numbers that could make or break the The numbers that could make or break the evening's entertainment. Give me your numbers, Andy. Come on. Give me your numbers, Andy. Come on. Give me your numbers, Andy. Come on. Nine. That's a good start. Nine. Could not have hoped for a better start than a not have hoped for a better start than a not have hoped for a better start than a nine there. 05 the 10-minute free view. >> You're a dirty bastard, Dad. But I love >> You're a dirty bastard, Dad. But I love >> You're a dirty bastard, Dad. But I love you. So, we've got some celebrities in as So, we've got some celebrities in as So, we've got some celebrities in as always live at Apollo. Who have we got? always live at Apollo. Who have we got? always live at Apollo. Who have we got? Who have we got? We've got the East Who have we got? We've got the East Who have we got? We've got the East Enders cast. How we doing? East Enders Enders cast. How we doing? East Enders Enders cast. How we doing? East Enders sitting right at the back. I don't mean sitting right at the back. I don't mean sitting right at the back. I don't mean the extras. I mean the real people. They're trying to get Phil Mitchell. No. They're trying to get Phil Mitchell. No. They're trying to get Phil Mitchell. No. Where is he? Is he up at He's up at Where is he? Is he up at He's up at Where is he? Is he up at He's up at King's Cross dressed up as a a lady boy King's Cross dressed up as a a lady boy King's Cross dressed up as a a lady boy trying to raise enough money to buy a trying to raise enough money to buy a trying to raise enough money to buy a pot. Don't you think it's crazy that Do you Don't you think it's crazy that Do you Don't you think it's crazy that Do you understand the technology for us to hear understand the technology for us to hear understand the technology for us to hear the pilot? I am actually utilizing it the pilot? I am actually utilizing it the pilot? I am actually utilizing it right now. right now. right now. This is the technology for us to hear This is the technology for us to hear This is the technology for us to hear the pilot. I don't know why we cannot the pilot. I don't know why we cannot the pilot. I don't know why we cannot hear. There's no other context where hear. There's no other context where hear. There's no other context where it's acceptable for us not to hear a it's acceptable for us not to hear a it's acceptable for us not to hear a person. Why are you muffling? If you person. Why are you muffling? If you person. Why are you muffling? If you were looking for an old pair for your were looking for an old pair for your were looking for an old pair for your kids and a person came over to your kids and a person came over to your kids and a person came over to your house and said, "Hey man, what's your house and said, "Hey man, what's your house and said, "Hey man, what's your experience with kids?" And then they experience with kids?" And then they experience with kids?" And then they looked at you and went, >> [applause] >> [applause] >> [applause] >> like you need to get out of my house or >> like you need to get out of my house or >> like you need to get out of my house or something. something. something. Weird things happen in airplanes. Weird Weird things happen in airplanes. Weird Weird things happen in airplanes. Weird things. Like crazy things. Bizarre things. Like crazy things. Bizarre things. Like crazy things. Bizarre things. Like, how bizarre would it be things. Like, how bizarre would it be things. Like, how bizarre would it be right now if someone walked in here and right now if someone walked in here and right now if someone walked in here and started selling us watches and perfume? started selling us watches and perfume? started selling us watches and perfume? Would that be the most bizarre thing? Would that be the most bizarre thing? Would that be the most bizarre thing? But it happens all the time in But it happens all the time in But it happens all the time in airplanes. No one's ever gone, "Huh, airplanes. No one's ever gone, "Huh, airplanes. No one's ever gone, "Huh, this is crazy." This is an English this is crazy." This is an English this is crazy." This is an English polite thing. Oh, I've already got one. polite thing. Oh, I've already got one. polite thing. Oh, I've already got one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not looking at the moment. I'm not looking at the moment. I'm not looking at the moment. [clears throat] Not every airline should [clears throat] Not every airline should [clears throat] Not every airline should be selling watches though. Like Ryan be selling watches though. Like Ryan be selling watches though. Like Ryan Air, no business selling watches. You Air, no business selling watches. You Air, no business selling watches. You need the watch, Ryan Air. Your flight's need the watch, Ryan Air. Your flight's need the watch, Ryan Air. Your flight's 7 hours late. And also, WHY AM I buying a 400B watch And also, WHY AM I buying a 400B watch And also, WHY AM I buying a 400B watch on a 11B flight? This makes no sense. This makes no sense. This makes no sense. >> Yeah, being London is cool. I like being >> Yeah, being London is cool. I like being >> Yeah, being London is cool. I like being in London. One of my favorite things to in London. One of my favorite things to in London. One of my favorite things to be in London. There's so much to do. I I be in London. There's so much to do. I I be in London. There's so much to do. I I tried to buy a ticket online to watch tried to buy a ticket online to watch tried to buy a ticket online to watch Wimbledon. Yeah, man. The Wimbledon Wimbledon. Yeah, man. The Wimbledon Wimbledon. Yeah, man. The Wimbledon final. I was like, I'm excited. Went final. I was like, I'm excited. Went final. I was like, I'm excited. Went online. It was £3,000. online. It was £3,000. online. It was £3,000. I was like, what? £3,000? I was like, what? £3,000? I was like, what? £3,000? Okay, I'm not saying I wouldn't pay Okay, I'm not saying I wouldn't pay Okay, I'm not saying I wouldn't pay £3,000, £3,000, £3,000, right? I'm not saying I would pay £3,000 right? I'm not saying I would pay £3,000 right? I'm not saying I would pay £3,000 for a for a Champions League for a for a Champions League for a for a Champions League finals ticket. finals ticket. finals ticket. But I'm not paying £3,000 But I'm not paying £3,000 But I'm not paying £3,000 for a sport where someone is going to for a sport where someone is going to for a sport where someone is going to tell me, "Quiet, please." tell me, "Quiet, please." tell me, "Quiet, please." Are you out of your mind? For £3,000, Are you out of your mind? For £3,000, Are you out of your mind? For £3,000, there will be no quiet place. there will be no quiet place. there will be no quiet place. For £3,000, I'm rubbing my nipples For £3,000, I'm rubbing my nipples For £3,000, I'm rubbing my nipples center court. Are you out of your mind? Are you out of your mind? Are you out of your mind? Three, my brother. £3,000. £3,000. Oh, Three, my brother. £3,000. £3,000. Oh, Three, my brother. £3,000. £3,000. Oh, it's a lot of money. £3,000, my brother. it's a lot of money. £3,000, my brother. it's a lot of money. £3,000, my brother. £3,000 £3,000 £3,000 for £3,000. I should be able to whisper for £3,000. I should be able to whisper for £3,000. I should be able to whisper some advice in Roger Fezer's ear. some advice in Roger Fezer's ear. some advice in Roger Fezer's ear. £3,000. £3,000. £3,000. £3,000. £3,000. £3,000. I should be able to walk into the court. I should be able to walk into the court. I should be able to walk into the court. Sorry, Roger. Come on. Forearm. Let's Sorry, Roger. Come on. Forearm. Let's Sorry, Roger. Come on. Forearm. Let's work on that. Come on. work on that. Come on. work on that. Come on. Three. My brother. 3,000. Three. My brother. 3,000. Three. My brother. 3,000. For three. For 3,000. I should be able For three. For 3,000. I should be able For three. For 3,000. I should be able to punch a ball boy in the face. to punch a ball boy in the face. to punch a ball boy in the face. For 3,00 3,000. Could be walking across picking up a Could be walking across picking up a Could be walking across picking up a ball up. ball up. ball up. Upper cut him in the nose. Upper cut him in the nose. Upper cut him in the nose. He was so confused. What was that for? He was so confused. What was that for? He was so confused. What was that for? I'm like, "No, it's part of the package. If you look carefully, I can kick you in If you look carefully, I can kick you in If you look carefully, I can kick you in the balls." the balls." the balls." I was such a fat kid. My mother used to I was such a fat kid. My mother used to I was such a fat kid. My mother used to buy bathing suits with blow holes in buy bathing suits with blow holes in buy bathing suits with blow holes in them. It was just But my I don't want to them. It was just But my I don't want to them. It was just But my I don't want to go into my childhood here because it's go into my childhood here because it's go into my childhood here because it's wrong. My parents hated me. Okay, we're wrong. My parents hated me. Okay, we're wrong. My parents hated me. Okay, we're all going to hear the story, aren't we? all going to hear the story, aren't we? all going to hear the story, aren't we? My parents hated me, too. My parent All My parents hated me, too. My parent All My parents hated me, too. My parent All I ever heard, All I ever heard growing I ever heard, All I ever heard growing I ever heard, All I ever heard growing UP IS, "WHY CAN'T YOU BE LIKE YOUR UP IS, "WHY CAN'T YOU BE LIKE YOUR UP IS, "WHY CAN'T YOU BE LIKE YOUR COUSIN SHEILA? WHY CAN'T YOU BE LIKE COUSIN SHEILA? WHY CAN'T YOU BE LIKE COUSIN SHEILA? WHY CAN'T YOU BE LIKE YOUR COUSIN SHEILA?" Sheila had died AT YOUR COUSIN SHEILA?" Sheila had died AT YOUR COUSIN SHEILA?" Sheila had died AT BIRTH. THEY JUST hated me. BIRTH. THEY JUST hated me. BIRTH. THEY JUST hated me. Hated me. THEY WHENEVER WE GO LIKE IN Hated me. THEY WHENEVER WE GO LIKE IN Hated me. THEY WHENEVER WE GO LIKE IN FRONT OF A STREET, they take each parent FRONT OF A STREET, they take each parent FRONT OF A STREET, they take each parent would take my hand, hold our hand, we're would take my hand, hold our hand, we're would take my hand, hold our hand, we're crossing the street, and then they'd crossing the street, and then they'd crossing the street, and then they'd swing me into the trap. And they used to swing me into the trap. And they used to swing me into the trap. And they used to say, "Take candy from strangers." It is. say, "Take candy from strangers." It is. say, "Take candy from strangers." It is. Ask the funny man in the raincoat, does Ask the funny man in the raincoat, does Ask the funny man in the raincoat, does he own a van? It is. he own a van? It is. he own a van? It is. No, I I had a very bad childhood. And No, I I had a very bad childhood. And No, I I had a very bad childhood. And that's because, and I'm sure none of you that's because, and I'm sure none of you that's because, and I'm sure none of you give a damn, but I was the only Jewish give a damn, but I was the only Jewish give a damn, but I was the only Jewish kid, this is the absolute truth, growing kid, this is the absolute truth, growing kid, this is the absolute truth, growing up in an all Catholic neighborhood. You up in an all Catholic neighborhood. You up in an all Catholic neighborhood. You know what that the Irish people only know what that the Irish people only know what that the Irish people only Jewish kid in a Catholic neighborhood. Jewish kid in a Catholic neighborhood. Jewish kid in a Catholic neighborhood. You know what that's like? You were all You know what that's like? You were all You know what that's like? You were all doing Hail Marys. I was doing Hail doing Hail Marys. I was doing Hail doing Hail Marys. I was doing Hail Murray's. I mean, it was just me. No Murray's. I mean, it was just me. No Murray's. I mean, it was just me. No Christmas tree. Christmas tree. Christmas tree. No Christmas tree. Do you know what No Christmas tree. Do you know what No Christmas tree. Do you know what that's like when you're the only kid that's like when you're the only kid that's like when you're the only kid without a Christmas? Cuz everybody has without a Christmas? Cuz everybody has without a Christmas? Cuz everybody has Christmas trees. And nowadays, it's Christmas trees. And nowadays, it's Christmas trees. And nowadays, it's like, well, we do it for all faiths. like, well, we do it for all faiths. like, well, we do it for all faiths. That's such [\h__\h] Yeah. We walk into That's such [\h__\h] Yeah. We walk into That's such [\h__\h] Yeah. We walk into a into a uh an office building and a into a uh an office building and a into a uh an office building and there's a Christmas tree and there's a there's a Christmas tree and there's a there's a Christmas tree and there's a renora. [\h__\h] THE CHRISTMAS TREE renora. [\h__\h] THE CHRISTMAS TREE renora. [\h__\h] THE CHRISTMAS TREE GOES UP UP [laughter] UP UP. It's like a GOES UP UP [laughter] UP UP. It's like a GOES UP UP [laughter] UP UP. It's like a little shitty manora with two orange little shitty manora with two orange little shitty manora with two orange lights that some angry Puerto Ricans lit lights that some angry Puerto Ricans lit lights that some angry Puerto Ricans lit backwards. I mean, yes, Juan, YOU LIT backwards. I mean, yes, Juan, YOU LIT backwards. I mean, yes, Juan, YOU LIT THOSE LIGHTS BACKWARD. [\h__\h] YOU. You THOSE LIGHTS BACKWARD. [\h__\h] YOU. You THOSE LIGHTS BACKWARD. [\h__\h] YOU. You killed our Lord. I mean, it is just killed our Lord. I mean, it is just killed our Lord. I mean, it is just So, I'm at the age where I figure screw So, I'm at the age where I figure screw So, I'm at the age where I figure screw it. I'm going to have a Christmas tree. it. I'm going to have a Christmas tree. it. I'm going to have a Christmas tree. I got the biggest Christmas tree in. I I got the biggest Christmas tree in. I I got the biggest Christmas tree in. I got a twostory high Christmas tree. I got a twostory high Christmas tree. I got a twostory high Christmas tree. I put everything you could think of on put everything you could think of on put everything you could think of on that up up. Gorgeous, gorgeous, that up up. Gorgeous, gorgeous, that up up. Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous. On the bottom, I got the the gorgeous. On the bottom, I got the the gorgeous. On the bottom, I got the the manger. I got the whole goddamn thing manger. I got the whole goddamn thing manger. I got the whole goddamn thing going there. The wise men, the sheep. going there. The wise men, the sheep. going there. The wise men, the sheep. The only thing is I had the baby, but The only thing is I had the baby, but The only thing is I had the baby, but I'm Jewish. I got him a nanny. It was I'm Jewish. I got him a nanny. It was I'm Jewish. I got him a nanny. It was just Oh, yes. And I redressed Mary. just Oh, yes. And I redressed Mary. just Oh, yes. And I redressed Mary. She didn't look good in that stupid She didn't look good in that stupid She didn't look good in that stupid thing over her head. Come on. I put her thing over her head. Come on. I put her thing over her head. Come on. I put her in a Chanel suit, in a Chanel suit, in a Chanel suit, Manola Blanx, and a Louis Vuitton Manola Blanx, and a Louis Vuitton Manola Blanx, and a Louis Vuitton pocketbook. You're the mother of God. pocketbook. You're the mother of God. pocketbook. You're the mother of God. Look it. It is just Look it. It is just Look it. It is just [applause] Am I wrong? [applause] Am I wrong? [applause] Am I wrong? If she had looked like that, she would If she had looked like that, she would If she had looked like that, she would have gotten into the inn. Yes. The point is it's about looks. Mary, she The point is it's about looks. Mary, she The point is it's about looks. Mary, she looked good. She would have done better. looked good. She would have done better. looked good. She would have done better. Mother Teresa. Oh, don't give me Oh, Mother Teresa, if Oh, don't give me Oh, Mother Teresa, if Oh, don't give me Oh, Mother Teresa, if she had looked better, she'd be a saint she had looked better, she'd be a saint she had looked better, she'd be a saint by now. Was she a bow? Yes. Did she need by now. Was she a bow? Yes. Did she need by now. Was she a bow? Yes. Did she need electrolysis? Let's talk to each other electrolysis? Let's talk to each other electrolysis? Let's talk to each other here. Even lepers were throwing their here. Even lepers were throwing their here. Even lepers were throwing their fingers at her. here cuz it IS ALL ABOUT LOOKS. THIS IS MY cuz it IS ALL ABOUT LOOKS. THIS IS MY cuz it IS ALL ABOUT LOOKS. THIS IS MY MESSAGE, Great Britain. This is my MESSAGE, Great Britain. This is my MESSAGE, Great Britain. This is my message. Looks count. Education. message. Looks count. Education. message. Looks count. Education. Looks count. I have no sex appeal. And Looks count. I have no sex appeal. And Looks count. I have no sex appeal. And it has screwed me up for life. Peeping it has screwed me up for life. Peeping it has screwed me up for life. Peeping toms. Look at my window. Pull down the toms. Look at my window. Pull down the toms. Look at my window. Pull down the shade. YOU HAVE YOU HAVE NO IDEA. My shade. YOU HAVE YOU HAVE NO IDEA. My shade. YOU HAVE YOU HAVE NO IDEA. My gynecologist examines me by telephone. gynecologist examines me by telephone. gynecologist examines me by telephone. It is just It is just It is just >> I was in Hollywood recently. on an >> I was in Hollywood recently. on an >> I was in Hollywood recently. on an all-inclusive. We all love an all-inclusive. We all love an all-inclusive. We all love an all-inclusive holiday, don't we? Oh, I all-inclusive holiday, don't we? Oh, I all-inclusive holiday, don't we? Oh, I chips and gate for breakfast. Yes. chips and gate for breakfast. Yes. chips and gate for breakfast. Yes. I always think it's amazing. I can I always think it's amazing. I can I always think it's amazing. I can always identify where people are from on always identify where people are from on always identify where people are from on an all-inclusive holiday. It's an all-inclusive holiday. It's an all-inclusive holiday. It's fascinating for me. Like the Italians, fascinating for me. Like the Italians, fascinating for me. Like the Italians, you can always tell the Italians because you can always tell the Italians because you can always tell the Italians because they could put on a bag of rags and look they could put on a bag of rags and look they could put on a bag of rags and look amazing. Then you can see the Germans amazing. Then you can see the Germans amazing. Then you can see the Germans and they're quiet and they're the and they're quiet and they're the and they're quiet and they're the reserved. And then there's us, the reserved. And then there's us, the reserved. And then there's us, the British. British. British. That's interesting, isn't it? Because we That's interesting, isn't it? Because we That's interesting, isn't it? Because we all want to become pals of each other. all want to become pals of each other. all want to become pals of each other. I've had a pen pal in walking for 25 I've had a pen pal in walking for 25 I've had a pen pal in walking for 25 years that I met in Lanzerothi, right? years that I met in Lanzerothi, right? years that I met in Lanzerothi, right? But it was a really really interesting But it was a really really interesting But it was a really really interesting for me because there's a way I can for me because there's a way I can for me because there's a way I can always tell if someone is from the south always tell if someone is from the south always tell if someone is from the south of England on holiday. And it it it's I of England on holiday. And it it it's I of England on holiday. And it it it's I don't need to hear your accent. Nothing. don't need to hear your accent. Nothing. don't need to hear your accent. Nothing. The way number one I will tell if you The way number one I will tell if you The way number one I will tell if you are from the south of England is it will are from the south of England is it will are from the south of England is it will be 9:00 at night. It's 28°. be 9:00 at night. It's 28°. be 9:00 at night. It's 28°. The moon and the stars are out and you The moon and the stars are out and you The moon and the stars are out and you come out wearing a wee jumper come out wearing a wee jumper come out wearing a wee jumper because it gets a bit chilly. because it gets a bit chilly. because it gets a bit chilly. It's 28° It's 28° It's 28° the moon's out. I'm Scottish. I'm like the moon's out. I'm Scottish. I'm like the moon's out. I'm Scottish. I'm like past the factor 50 hen. past the factor 50 hen. past the factor 50 hen. I do not trust the moonburn. Get me the I do not trust the moonburn. Get me the I do not trust the moonburn. Get me the factor 50. factor 50. factor 50. Then there's another way I can always Then there's another way I can always Then there's another way I can always tell someone is from the south of tell someone is from the south of tell someone is from the south of England. You and I are on an England. You and I are on an England. You and I are on an all-inclusive holiday. We can eat as all-inclusive holiday. We can eat as all-inclusive holiday. We can eat as much as we want and they will go to the much as we want and they will go to the much as we want and they will go to the bar and they will order a half pint. No, you can't order a half pint in No, you can't order a half pint in No, you can't order a half pint in Scotland. Scotland. Scotland. Next time you visit Scotland, try and Next time you visit Scotland, try and Next time you visit Scotland, try and order a half pint. That is one of the order a half pint. That is one of the order a half pint. That is one of the most tense conversations you will ever most tense conversations you will ever most tense conversations you will ever have. have. have. About 3 months ago, I went to a bar in About 3 months ago, I went to a bar in About 3 months ago, I went to a bar in my home city of Glasgow and I says to my home city of Glasgow and I says to my home city of Glasgow and I says to the barman, "Can I have two pints of the barman, "Can I have two pints of the barman, "Can I have two pints of lagger and a half pint of lagger?" And lagger and a half pint of lagger?" And lagger and a half pint of lagger?" And he looked at me and he went, "What was he looked at me and he went, "What was he looked at me and he went, "What was that?" I said, "It's two p." He went, that?" I said, "It's two p." He went, that?" I said, "It's two p." He went, "No, no, no, just the last one." "No, no, no, just the last one." "No, no, no, just the last one." I mean, it's just just a half paint of I mean, it's just just a half paint of I mean, it's just just a half paint of lagger, mate. lagger, mate. lagger, mate. Hold on. Come here. Tell him. Hold on. Come here. Tell him. Hold on. Come here. Tell him. Just the last one. I mean, it's just a Just the last one. I mean, it's just a Just the last one. I mean, it's just a half paint a lagger. half paint a lagger. half paint a lagger. Is that for you? It's for my pal. It's for my pal. It's for my pal. Are they on antibiotics? Are they pregnant? Would they like a coloring book and Would they like a coloring book and Would they like a coloring book and crayons with that?