Hey David, Dad bought strawberries. Hey David, Dad bought strawberries. Hey David, Dad bought strawberries. Don't eat it now. Don't eat it now. Don't eat it now. Wait a moment, I'll give it to you in a moment.  Eitor, Wait a moment, I'll give it to you in a moment.  Eitor, Wait a moment, I'll give it to you in a moment.  Eitor, give me that strawberry.  You have to wash it, give me that strawberry.  You have to wash it, give me that strawberry.  You have to wash it, man. man. man. Look at this, Dad.  Let me eat Look at this, Dad.  Let me eat Look at this, Dad.  Let me eat after I wash.  He can. after I wash.  He can. after I wash.  He can. There's a grape missing.  No, it's not. There's a grape missing.  No, it's not. There's a grape missing.  No, it's not. Look at things more closely.  No, Dad.  I think Look at things more closely.  No, Dad.  I think Look at things more closely.  No, Dad.  I think this is the most fragrant strawberry I've ever this is the most fragrant strawberry I've ever this is the most fragrant strawberry I've ever seen in my life. seen in my life. seen in my life. Calm down, Eitor.  You have to wash it, son. Calm down, Eitor.  You have to wash it, son. Calm down, Eitor.  You have to wash it, son. It's because I really like strawberries. It's because I really like strawberries. It's because I really like strawberries. Which do you prefer?  Strawberries or Which do you prefer?  Strawberries or Which do you prefer?  Strawberries or barbecue?  Ah, barbecue.  Is strawberries with barbecue?  Ah, barbecue.  Is strawberries with barbecue?  Ah, barbecue.  Is strawberries with barbecue a good combination?   It 's delicious. 's delicious. 's delicious. I'll get another one.  There won't be any strawberries left I'll get another one.  There won't be any strawberries left I'll get another one.  There won't be any strawberries left for us to eat. Wait a moment. I really enjoy it when David plays the I really enjoy it when David plays the I really enjoy it when David plays the guitar.  Father, wait for the prayer. guitar.  Father, wait for the prayer. guitar.  Father, wait for the prayer. I'm not even eating yet, I'm not even eating yet, I'm not even eating yet, but you have to wait, okay?  Heavenly Father, but you have to wait, okay?  Heavenly Father, but you have to wait, okay?  Heavenly Father, thank you for the strawberries, the grapes, the thank you for the strawberries, the grapes, the thank you for the strawberries, the grapes, the granola, the meat, the guitar, and the granola, the meat, the guitar, and the granola, the meat, the guitar, and the cat.