Ok guys, we ordered it from Meesho. 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14. Well, look,
number 14 is not correct but brother, I had
ordered 15. But every time Meesho has this
problem that brother sends less items. But
if that item arrives, I will add it on.
Otherwise let's unbox them. And
look brother, there are some very interesting
products inside these boxes. So let's
unbox it then. Ok, so let's
unbox the product first. It is a small
product and let's see what is inside it
because I myself have forgotten what all is
inside it. And I hit this cut and
it opened. Well, I have
ordered all the useless things and let's see
what comes out of it brother. I myself have forgotten.
Ok. So the first product is Made
in China, it is written here. Folding
desktop phone stand. Till now I used to
keep my phone etc. like this.
Sometimes I had to use it. So
brother, it is a very useful thing for that as
I could see and its build quality
etc. stand etc. we will see how
effective it is, it looks something like this, there is
also a sticker available maybe to
stick it, I think as far as it is concerned,
you get this so that it sticks to the table
and if you see its quality,
brother, it seems quite good to me and the
pricing, I don't remember, I am
definitely telling you, I will keep putting the
pricing of each one here, so you can see that
friend, by the way, it will probably be around ₹200 to ₹300, it is
not a very expensive item. So let's try it once.
This is the biggest model,
how much is the S25 Ultra brother? How are you? So yes, the
product is useful and it is
also handling the product. So you can take it. Even this
big tab, I
can keep it in this manner. So this is a good thing.
Meaning I can keep it like this and I
can keep it like that also. Brother, I am not falling. So
according to this it is correct friend. Okay guys, let's
unbox the second product and
according to me this is also an interesting thing and I am getting to know it
but yes, this is going to be useful
and it will be useful for you too.
Now you must be seeing this brother, something like metal
is visible but should I tell you what is its function
? Look, summer has arrived and whenever your
friend, your friend or your family members
close the gate, it does
not close completely. And you repeatedly tell them to
close the gate and go away or else you have to get
up and leave. So for that brother, this is a
little cheap solution which
I was getting on Meesho. And this is a door closer.
Meaning, it has to be put on the door and your door
automatically closes on its own. Well,
I will definitely fit it and
show you how it works. But
yes, this thing was useful. Ok. So this is
our third product and it is a little
more interesting than all these products
and it will also be close to my heart. Let's
unbox this too. And according to
me, you should probably buy this product too.
If you like some of these types
of products then. Let's unbox it first.
Then let me show you what
this product is. So this is a camping light
and you can use it in your home
and also use it for showcasing.
T T. So brother, this is something like this
and a charging cable etc. comes with it.
This is not the kind of light that
runs on solar power. First let me tell you that there are many lights
which run on solar power. Here you
get a Type C port and
I find its build quality quite good
and there is something at the bottom also. Okay, so
here you get a cell. I think it will be useful for
you for a long time
because it will get spoilt as soon as you get the sale.
You can change it. Now let's turn it on.
So I hold it like this and
brother, here you get a nub whose
brightness you can increase or decrease. So this is a
very good thing. That button click is
not a click sound. Just rotate it brother
and brother, its lighting
looks very cool to me. So brother, this thing
seems right to me. The build is good and the
pricing is also very budget friendly.
I will put the pricing here
so that you can get an idea at what price
I have bought it. Ok guys, this
is our fourth product and I am telling you this without any hesitation.
Every creator or every normal
user who has two-three phones should have it.
Even if you
have a car then you definitely must have this thing.
If that's what I'm expecting.
Yes, that's the same thing. So look at the packaging
of Meesho, it is a little like this brother. That means I
wrapped it in foil, put it
in polythene and gave it to you. So this is a
multitasking cable in which you
get two things i.e. Type C and
one Lightning port. By the way, a
different version of it is also available, you can buy that too.
But on the other side you get a USB A port
and also a Type C. Meaning
all the work will be done. Type C will become Type C. The
Lightning port will be converted to Type C. The
USB port will become a Lightning port
and the Lightning port will also become a Type C port. That means
you get to
see four combinations here. And
if I talk about its quality, then the quality is
very good. Meaning it's breaded here as well.
Besides, it has such tough quality that you will definitely
enjoy it. And I think if I
talk about its wattage, it supports Type C at
65W, not 100W
and supports Lightning port at 27W. That
means, whether you have an iPhone, the old one
or the new one, it will
charge both of them properly or if
you have any thing, whether it is for your car or
if you are a creator, then brother, it is a must have
and I probably bought this for ₹145, I
remember this. Okay, so this is our fifth
product and let's open this one as well and I'm
telling you this product is also correct. It is going to be useful for many
things these days. And I know you
people will definitely say that brother, whatever stuff you have
ordered, you have ordered it for your home use.
Look, all the things are usable, that's why
I am saying bye. And this is a white
tape. This is not a normal tape.
You can paste anything here. Meaning, if you have
something that is not sticking to the cello tape
, it is not sticking to the grey tape or there is
something else, it will be done here.
And it is double sided as well. This
is a heavy duty tape with which you
can stick many things. And we're going to
stick a lot of things to this as well. So it
is a must have. Well, its pricing is not high
and this much roll comes in it. It is around 3 meters. It is
completely white, transparent and a
useful thing. Ok. So this is our
six product and it will probably be
useful for many people. This is a useful thing for those who are above 25 years of age or those who
are married.
So definitely see, if it is
not useful for you then it can definitely be useful for your child.
Well, I am very fond of
these things, now look, my heart is still that of a child. I will
open it and show you what it is.
Well, you must have seen on the box what
item it is. You
can also use it for gifting purposes. I feel it's
okay to showcase them a bit or play them. So this is a xylophone and it
comes in some of the build quality here.
I will play the rest and show you once. The
sound is very lovely.
If you have small children in your house or
you want to give something to someone for gifting purpose, then
definitely brother, this is a very
good thing and worth it for the
price. Meaning, if your child
is one or three years old, then it
helps him a lot in learning these things and
sounds. Even the colours etc. that are available
and it also comes within the budget. Even if you
keep it in the showcase like this
in the background, it will look very cool, that's why
I have said bye. Rest of the pricing will be
coming here. You can check this
also. Okay guys, this is our seventh product and
you will probably find it much better than the last product because this is
useful for older people. I mean, that's enough for the children,
but now you too
need music entertainment. So brother, it will be
completed from here because this is a different
item. This is our water bottle in which the
Meesho people have fitted a speaker. I mean, they
are Chinese people, brother, they can fit anything.
So this is our Rock Mus Silver
Series Big Bar and 10 Watt speaker and this is a
Bluetooth speaker. Everything like FM radio,
TF card etc. is provided and there is a
1200 mAh battery. If you
look here, everything is written. Let's
unbox it first.
I will just open it. My expectations from this are
high that brother should be good. Okay,
so it's a portable speaker, brother. Let's see the shape of the bottle
and its sound now. By the way, let me tell you that
its quality is getting a little
messed up here. Look at its nylon
finish, it is shaking like this.
So the finish is not that good.
These people have not pasted the cloth properly
in Chinese. Rest a micro USB
is available for charging. And this should be the volume
rocker as far as I'm concerned.
So I connect it. Let me
tell you the output of the speaker.
Welcome to rock music. Bluetooth note
connected. Ok guys I have connected.
Now let me tell you a little about its music output
because the copyright issue is quite prevalent
on YouTube these days.
So listen a little.
[MUSIC] Get
high.
I should fall down. So let's talk music.
Look, the music is loud. It seems
quite loud to me for 10 watts. Let's
also listen to a song with a bass. First
call goat
food top. So the conversation about yes base is a
little less. The vocals or should I say the
travel is good in it
but you should not expect bass output.
Pricing is quite low. I think I
bought this for less than Rs 500 but build
quality wise it is ok. I did
not like its clothes. Rest here you
get micro USB. Very old TF
card support. There are controls on the top and
here you get a volume rocker.
If you want to buy this type of speaker then you can
buy it. Well, the
pricing is quite reasonable and this is all
you will get within this price. The rest
is portable. You won't be able to put it in your pocket, you
can put it in your bag, use it. And guys, this
is our eighth product. Let's open this as well.
And let's see brother,
what's inside it. Well, I have forgotten. The weight does
n't seem to tell what's inside.
But from the shape, I can probably guess what might happen.
But still, okay
brother, this is a very interesting thing and I am
telling you the truth in this. You will enjoy it. First of all,
what is written on the box? CMF. Now everyone knows that CMF
is a sub-brand of Nothing and it sells its ear
buds etc. and
I ordered this from Meesho. I will also post a screenshot here.
Brother, CMF
products are available on Meesho. Buy nothing is written on it.
I don't know brother how these are being sold
and to tell you the truth, it looks
similar brother but this
dial of it is given which is
made of metal there brother, here it is made of plastic and of
very cheap quality like
Apple products started becoming available brother,
after Meesho brother, you get to see the same thing here brother, that
means the
thing which you want to make someone mad is given here brother, here
brother you get birds whose
quality is really very bad and this one is
okay, that means it is fine but this
thing which is given, I feel that it is of
very fake quality and
a blue light is glowing which looks very cheap.
If someone is watching from Nothing and
can share it then please share it brother.
His brother's brand value is decreasing here. So
here I am testing these. I
noticed one thing, the audio is coming from outside. That
means brother, there is a lot of loudness in them. Shut up
brother. And brother, I am surprised at the
price at which it is coming, I
think as far as I know,
I have bought it for probably ₹400-₹450. Brother, the
voice quality, as per that, means if you
look at it as per the pricing, is coming out very good. The
bass is coming across as very punchy.
However, if you use it for too long, you will get a headache.
But brother, how can this be possible, the
other ear buds on
Meesho are absolutely rubbish. And this
brother is providing such good quality.
Although this is a copy. I am saying this again and again.
And if you look at the top of the box, you will see 42B
active noise cancellation, 12 mm drivers
and what else is provided here brother?
Direct support is being given. The battery
here is long lasting. It is not mentioned
how many hours it is but dual device
connectivity is provided here. Brother, it is
written buy nothing. Buy nothing. Brother, how is this happening? I don't know. It
is a copy product. It is clearly visible. But I would like to say that
if your budget is low then you cannot buy it.
Look, I just want to say this much. Okay
guys, so this is our ninth product and let's
open it too. Let's see brother, what do
we get to see. So this is
one of our solar powered LED wall lights.
Many people use this and I too
was in need of such a thing for a long time because many
times it happens that there is no electricity everywhere in your house.
Wherever there is sunlight, such things should be used.
So there is a solar light
and I have bought it before also.
Brother, he has sent a dirty message. Dust and
dirt are stuck. And it looks something like this. There
is solar here and
lighting is provided here. There are a lot of LED
lights. I think if it is charged then
I can show you how to use it. Brother, there
is no battery inside it and there is no Type C port
either. I will keep it outside
in the sun and it will glow, I will
show you here how much brightness is there
inside it. Ok guys, so this is our 10th
product and this is also a useful product. I am
telling the truth. You might have to take this.
If you have a car then let me tell you
what is inside it. I have already found out
but still let me
tell you once. If that's what I'm
expecting, then anything can happen
inside it.
So this is an LED mirror. So if you have a
car, you must have noticed that
you get a mirror on one side. There are many variants
but that show show show show show show show mirror is not available in many variants.
But on the other side you get nothing.
Meaning if you have a normal car.
So this thing is very useful there brother. Let
me show you.
Oh, this one turns out to be broken. So brother, I did
not expect that he would turn out to be broken.
I think
these people have killed it by throwing it. So there is a complete glass break
here. So this thing is a little wrong. Rest see, the
mirror will definitely do its work. You
can look in the mirror like this. And the second thing is that
you also get touch lighting here. Let me turn it on and
show you how it works. And
it hangs on your visor.
Okay, right now I will
show you how to run it with a power bank. Here
you get a touch sensor. Meaning, if you
press here like this, maybe a light will come on.
After that, if you press it again, there will be a
warm light and if you press it for the third time, there will be
a mix of the white light and yellow light and it will
also look a little bright. So right now the
lighting here is very bright so it might
not be looking that good, you might not like that much light
but inside the car
where it is dark or there is a little low light,
but it will look good, I think
this product is around ₹700, as far as I know, I
guess, look, it turned out to be broken
but you can buy it, rest see, there is a battery
inside it and you will have to see how long it will last
and
I have given its link in the description, you
can buy it and guys this is our 11th
product, let's open it also and
see what we get to see in it, so
this is another ear buds which we had bought brother.
But brother, I did not say goodbye to this.
I had bought the other ones. I will
put the screenshot here. But it is a
good thing that these people sent another product
and it is right for me, it will be useful for use
brother. The things on the boat are fine anyway. Let's see what we
find inside.
Okay, so here we have got the Boat Airdrops
91 Prime, brother. And
these ear buds are perfect for those whose ears do not get stuck with the rubber.
Well, I have tried them before
also and you get the quality of them just fine. I
think if you look for these on Amazon etc. then you can
probably get them for ₹600-₹700.
And the amount we had bought was around ₹500.
Brother,
I have got this in its place. So this is a very
interesting thing. He does it sometimes.
Meesho Bhai also does the blender. You
ask for something and you get something else.
And the good thing is we got a little bit of great
product. I will use it a little bit
and then tell you.
So yes audio as I told you because
I have used it. The audio is quite decent
considering its budget and is
suitable for those who want earbuds like these.
Ok guys, this is our 12th product and it is
very light weight. But
brother, you must be seeing its dominance in the market these days. I
mean, wherever you look,
songs are being made on this.
And this is Mahindra Thar, that is, the small
Mahindra Thar which runs on battery. I
think solar lights work. This is a car with solar lights.
It looks like a Mahindra Thar.
Meaning a little bit is not too big.
And it's smaller than my thumb. I
mean, if I keep it on the table then look at it. It looks
something like this. And it runs on
solar light. Meaning or you can say that it
runs on the rays of the sun.
And guys, this is our 13 product
unboxing. This is a slightly unusual
product. There is a speaker and it is inside the tyre shape.
This was a very different thing. So I
thought why not say bye brother. By the way,
we have another product which is
from Xiaomi. Xiaomi not Xiaomi. There is a photo of Arbaaz Khan on it
brother. I don't know
brother, how will you become a brand ambassador?
And its name is 666 Disco with RGB
Light. Wheel speakers speak. There is Bluetooth,
USB and card slot also provided inside it.
And you will see the shape, right? This is a
speaker in the shape of a car tyre. If
you look here, brother, the
grooves are made like this. And here steel's brother alloy
is installed. And it doesn't just rotate. And
here are the controls, brother. You will see here that there are
controls at the back. So it turned
on automatically from here. So let's try it once and see
how the speaker sounds and
also turn it on.
Music speaker Bluetooth mode brother, I do
n't know how many watts it is. Oh, this is also 10 watts.
But brother, I am finding his conversation to be intense.
Now let me connect it one more time.
It also has lights. Oh,
you also get RGB lights here. I had
forgotten to tell you this thing. It is burning now, so
brother, it will feel right. Meaning, if you
keep them somewhere as show puppies. Connected
Kachariya
Kuch Bada Kuch
Afghan So brother, as per 10 W, the
last speaker that we tested is giving me a
very good sound, I mean the bass is
also good, it is very good, it is not at a high level,
but as per 10 W, the bass that we are
getting, brother,
I found it very interesting and look, I do
n't know its price exactly, I will put it here,
but if its price is below ₹600 ₹700, then
definitely brother you can buy it, the
audio is good, the build is also good and the look,
brother, the price is for the look, all the audio is also good, you
can buy it, the link is in the description
and this is our 14th product, probably many
people buy it from Meesho because brother,
these things come within the budget, by the way,
we have bought shoes, last time also we had
bought shoes and there is demand from the audience, that is why
we showcase shoes, brother, they are available at
cheap rates, many people cannot afford
everything, brother, you
get some cheap shoes on Meesho Are. Look at the quality,
only OK type is available. It does
n't get very fantastic. If we open this also
, then this card is
available everywhere. And brother, our shoes are high
ankle. Let me open it first.
Where will it open? Ok. So this
is some kind of copy brother. I don't have much knowledge about the shoes that come from NKI,
maybe I think the Air Jordan model.
But yes, some of it is a copy of his. Or if
you go to Baka Bookie, they also copy. There
is some such shape
of high angle here. And if I talk about the quality, then
this one is a bit light weight, brother, the
quality of the tongue is not good. I
mean, it's okay and this lining, there is
no cushioning here either. There
is no soft cushioning inside either. But the
pricing is around ₹450 or ₹500.
So their quality is similar to the shoes available on the tracks. It
is okay to wear them once or twice but if you use them for a long time then they
might get damaged a little.
So my job is just to show you brother what kind of
things you get to see. If you
buy from Meesho, your money will
not be wasted. I have put the rest of the pricing here. The
link is in the description. If
you want to say goodbye, you can say goodbye. And
what do you feel? Is the video over
? No, bro. Our 15th product has arrived. It's a
great thing when we're shooting this video. Our time was not wasted.
Let's open this one too. And this
brother was a very cool product. That's why
I was waiting for it and the good thing is
that this product has arrived just now. Later
I would have to shoot it again and
show it to you guys. I don't enjoy it.
Meaning that thing does not remain rhythmic. So
look here, this is an air cooler. Summer has arrived.
And this brother, this is a slightly interesting
product. That's why
I have bid it goodbye.
And I have bought this product because brother, you must have
seen many reels.
This product was trending. Meaning, very big
creators have made videos.
Put ice in it, it gives out cool air. So we
thought why not we also test whether
after adding ice it really gives cool air, air like AC.
Brother, you opened up as soon as you came.
Motor-voter everything opened. You
get a belt like this. All this was
found open, friend. A Type C cable is available. There
is a user manual guide inside it. These
nets are found open. So let me
set this up. Then I'll show you
how it works. Ok guys, look
I have added water. I brought it in ice and
brother, I am putting the ice inside the base
because the cold air will come from there only.
So brother, we put this ice inside it and the
shape of the ice was very nice. The water is a little
cold. After that let's try it.
So there are three modes in it. This mode is coming.
Second mode Third mode. The rest of it is a
miss from here. If you do one for him,
brother, one will do. Then it will start with two or three.
Now everyone will do it. Meaning,
Miss will emerge from all of this. But I can see
that a little less is coming out of the two.
And more is coming out in two or three. And
you can also rotate it in this way brother.
If you want air on your face then
brother, it rotates like this. But one
thing I would like to say is that if the
speed of their motor is increased a little more then
you will get very good air. And if
I talk about its coolness, let me see it myself once.
Look, you are living in a very hot place, so I would
definitely say that this is a very useful thing. It will
give you cool air but not for a long distance but only
nearby. Now brother, the AC is already running in this room. It
is a cold atmosphere. So
we won't be able to tell that much. But when I go
near it, I can feel
that it is giving me coolness. You
can use it in the kitchen etc. or if there is no light somewhere and
you need it on the roof, then
yes you can use it there.
Rest of the pricing I think is around ₹650
and you can run it directly from power bank as well as
electricity. So these were our 15
products which we bought from Meesho and were
very crazy. Which one did you like the best
? Please write in the comment box.
And I have given links to all of them in the description. Do
go and check it out. I am
ending this video here. If you
want more videos like this then subscribe. Please
like the video.
