Kuya Mit, you can do it even a little bit, Kuya Mit, you can do it even a little bit, Kuya Mit, you can do it even a little bit, he said, trying to focus, while he reached out, he said he said, trying to focus, while he reached out, he said he said, trying to focus, while he reached out, he said he was like this with you, he he was like this with you, he he was like this with you, he said he finished [laughs], it's said he finished [laughs], it's said he finished [laughs], it's not the water, it's not like I'm a not the water, it's not like I'm a not the water, it's not like I'm a working student, I'll working student, I'll working student, I'll let you finish first, put some let you finish first, put some let you finish first, put some water in, maybe there's still a lot to do before the water in, maybe there's still a lot to do before the water in, maybe there's still a lot to do before the water runs out, water runs out, water runs out, pull out, pull out, pull out, welcome to my page, hi, those who are talking [music], welcome to my page, hi, those who are talking [music], mixt already knows that I don't have my intro yet. mixt already knows that I don't have my intro yet. mixt already knows that I don't have my intro yet. Hey team shas. Hey team shas. Hey team shas. Just a little bit of [singing] little bit. 1 2 3 go. 1 2 3 go. 1 2 3 go. Hi guys.  We are f and today we Hi guys.  We are f and today we Hi guys.  We are f and today we present. present. present. Wait, we're not together.  There Wait, we're not together.  There Wait, we're not together.  There really is nothing.  One more thing. really is nothing.  One more thing. really is nothing.  One more thing. Nothing new.   There's Nothing new.   There's Nothing new.   There's really nothing new [laughter]. really nothing new [laughter]. really nothing new [laughter]. 1 2 3 go. 1 2 3 go. 1 2 3 go. Hi guys.  We are the group of five.  Today Hi guys.  We are the group of five.  Today Hi guys.  We are the group of five.  Today we present to you the second we present to you the second we present to you the second vlog. vlog. vlog. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. This second vlog was not really planned. This second vlog was not really planned. This second vlog was not really planned. But because you requested a request, But because you requested a request, But because you requested a request, Mm. Mm. Mm. Yes, that's it. Yes, that's it. Yes, that's it. You are stronger than us. You are stronger than us. You are stronger than us. Our second vlog is actually about eating.   Let's Our second vlog is actually about eating.   Let's Our second vlog is actually about eating.   Let's eat.  I want chopsticks. eat.  I want chopsticks. eat.  I want chopsticks. You have.  You didn't request it?  No. You have.  You didn't request it?  No. You have.  You didn't request it?  No. There you go.  'You don't have chopsticks?  Okay. There you go.  'You don't have chopsticks?  Okay. There you go.  'You don't have chopsticks?  Okay. Oh, that's it.  This is up to you.  That's it.   It's Oh, that's it.  This is up to you.  That's it.   It's Oh, that's it.  This is up to you.  That's it.   It's not okay.  It's okay.  Crazy. not okay.  It's okay.  Crazy. not okay.  It's okay.  Crazy. Turn off the camera first and then pick it up Turn off the camera first and then pick it up Turn off the camera first and then pick it up .  There are chopsticks.  Yes, .  There are chopsticks.  Yes, .  There are chopsticks.  Yes, we have something to share, we have something to share, we have something to share, guys.  We have a big table and guys.  We have a big table and guys.  We have a big table and we work hard at it.  Introduce we work hard at it.  Introduce we work hard at it.  Introduce yourself.   It's up to you yourself.   It's up to you yourself.   It's up to you what you want to what you want to what you want to say.  Then your message to your say.  Then your message to your say.  Then your message to your future self. future self. future self. Okay? Okay? Okay? Hi guys.  I'm Menny Boy and you can Hi guys.  I'm Menny Boy and you can Hi guys.  I'm Menny Boy and you can follow and see me on all social follow and see me on all social follow and see me on all social media platforms.  Cenny Boy and then Chen media platforms.  Cenny Boy and then Chen media platforms.  Cenny Boy and then Chen Malaluan.  That's it.  Maybe you've already promoted Malaluan.  That's it.  Maybe you've already promoted Malaluan.  That's it.  Maybe you've already promoted the account.  That's why I'm going to the account.  That's why I'm going to the account.  That's why I'm going to introduce myself.  Yes.  Why are you introduce myself.  Yes.  Why are you introduce myself.  Yes.  Why are you curious?  I'm not Chen. curious?  I'm not Chen. curious?  I'm not Chen. That's just a joke. That's just a joke. That's just a joke. That's not the toll.  There are social media That's not the toll.  There are social media That's not the toll.  There are social media platforms.  You can follow me platforms.  You can follow me platforms.  You can follow me on my social media platforms Boy and on my social media platforms Boy and on my social media platforms Boy and Chen Malaluan.  I started Chen Malaluan.  I started Chen Malaluan.  I started by covering a song. by covering a song. by covering a song. I'll cover for a [ __ ].  I will cover a song.   After all, I'll cover for a [ __ ].  I will cover a song.   After all, I'll cover for a [ __ ].  I will cover a song.   After all, I don't really have anything special I don't really have anything special I don't really have anything special .  There are so many people watching .  There are so many people watching .  There are so many people watching me, about 200, 200, what's all this? me, about 200, 200, what's all this? me, about 200, 200, what's all this? I'm just posting videos, I'm just posting videos, I'm just posting videos, pictures, videos, videos, and then pictures, videos, videos, and then pictures, videos, videos, and then your idol stopped, when you were just like that, your idol stopped, when you were just like that, your idol stopped, when you were just like that, then you didn't know who it was that then you didn't know who it was that then you didn't know who it was that you said thank you to, you said thank you to, you said thank you to, you beat me up, I was just watching you [laughs] you beat me up, I was just watching you [laughs] before, but you don't remember the chat, before, but you don't remember the chat, before, but you don't remember the chat, you saw me on tiktok, that's where we you saw me on tiktok, that's where we you saw me on tiktok, that's where we started talking, so started talking, so started talking, so your idol is RC, I deleted him, your idol is RC, I deleted him, your idol is RC, I deleted him, Mm.  So his name is Pan.  Mm. Mm.  So his name is Pan.  Mm. Mm.  So his name is Pan.  Mm. Papansy. Papansy. Papansy. Hey, he didn't follow me. Hey, he didn't follow me. Hey, he didn't follow me. Did I beat you?  Was I beaten?  Thank you for the Did I beat you?  Was I beaten?  Thank you for the Did I beat you?  Was I beaten?  Thank you for the support.  Why?  You want to get together support.  Why?  You want to get together support.  Why?  You want to get together so I sent Chaong here.  It's not so I sent Chaong here.  It's not so I sent Chaong here.  It's not 2020, 2021, let's collaborate.  2021, 2020, 2021, let's collaborate.  2021, 2020, 2021, let's collaborate.  2021, it's not 2021 yet.  We've been talking about it's not 2021 yet.  We've been talking about it's not 2021 yet.  We've been talking about 2020 for a while now, 2020 for a while now, 2020 for a while now, what else is it called?  There's always something what else is it called?  There's always something what else is it called?  There's always something wrong with his life. wrong with his life. wrong with his life. He calls me. He calls me. He calls me. Mm.  It's like he's become something, Mm.  It's like he's become something, Mm.  It's like he's become something, my guardian angel.  If my guardian angel.  If my guardian angel.  If my TikTok, Facebook, IG my TikTok, Facebook, IG my TikTok, Facebook, IG page gets hacked, then so be it.  What?  What? page gets hacked, then so be it.  What?  What? page gets hacked, then so be it.  What?  What? There's dirt there, There's dirt there, There's dirt there, but that's it. but that's it. but that's it. I don't know where what is. I don't know where what is. I don't know where what is. I started 2020. I'll I started 2020. I'll I started 2020. I'll take it.  It has dirt [smells] take it.  It has dirt [smells] take it.  It has dirt [smells] .  Mm. .  Mm. .  Mm. I'm the one who's going to get your stuff dirty. Oh, that's really dirty I'm the one who's going to get your stuff dirty. Oh, that's really dirty I'm the one who's going to get your stuff dirty. Oh, that's really dirty .   I .   I .   I dropped my cell phone.  Baby, dropped my cell phone.  Baby, dropped my cell phone.  Baby, thank you teacher.  Sh.  That's it.  You will replace it thank you teacher.  Sh.  That's it.  You will replace it thank you teacher.  Sh.  That's it.  You will replace it with a max fully paid with a max fully paid with a max fully paid Php.  Okay, let's go back to Chen, guys.   Let's go Php.  Okay, let's go back to Chen, guys.   Let's go Php.  Okay, let's go back to Chen, guys.   Let's go back to Chen, guys. back to Chen, guys. back to Chen, guys. That's how That's how That's how I started 2020. I started 2020. I started 2020. Mm. Mm. Mm. Then Then Then as of now, nothing.  I don't really know yet. as of now, nothing.  I don't really know yet. as of now, nothing.  I don't really know yet. I don't know what a I don't know what a I don't know what a content creator is yet. content creator is yet. content creator is yet. Mm. Mm. Mm. Because those who are still following the LS are Because those who are still following the LS are Because those who are still following the LS are just like me, they're still happy, happy just like me, they're still happy, happy just like me, they're still happy, happy 100 followers.  That's as in 100 followers.  That's as in 100 followers.  That's as in So you really like to celebrate So you really like to celebrate So you really like to celebrate wins.  I like to make videos, wins.  I like to make videos, wins.  I like to make videos, not celebrate wins because not celebrate wins because not celebrate wins because I haven't accepted that I haven't accepted that I haven't accepted that I'm a content creator myself.  I guess I started making I'm a content creator myself.  I guess I started making I'm a content creator myself.  I guess I started making videos when I was really broken videos when I was really broken videos when I was really broken when I first when I first when I first got into TikTok, which is something got into TikTok, which is something got into TikTok, which is something I really shouldn't be doing.  But that's I really shouldn't be doing.  But that's I really shouldn't be doing.  But that's when random people were chatting with me and said when random people were chatting with me and said your videos were funny.  He kept going, but your videos were funny.  He kept going, but your videos were funny.  He kept going, but I couldn't figure out how to be a content creator. I couldn't figure out how to be a content creator. I couldn't figure out how to be a content creator. How did the high start, you guys? How did the high start, you guys? How did the high start, you guys? I have no one to talk to. I have no one to talk to. I have no one to talk to. Literally, T's seems like what happened was Literally, T's seems like what happened was Literally, T's seems like what happened was interacting with the video itself. T's interacting with the video itself. T's interacting with the video itself. T's continued until we got to this point. That was continued until we got to this point. That was continued until we got to this point. That was great at Okada at Okada great at Okada at Okada great at Okada at Okada because his idol is a content creator. Guys, it's because his idol is a content creator. Guys, it's because his idol is a content creator. Guys, it's not enough. [laughter] not enough. [laughter] not enough. [laughter] okay, but I'll watch it. It's enough. That's why okay, but I'll watch it. It's enough. That's why okay, but I'll watch it. It's enough. That's why the person who the person who the person who collabed with his idol collabed with his idol collabed with his idol and then he was wearing and then he was wearing and then he was wearing his favorite polo, the his favorite polo, the his favorite polo, the green. green. green. He said, "Why were you like that when He said, "Why were you like that when He said, "Why were you like that when you saw him? You're fine. When you always you saw him? You're fine. When you always you saw him? You're fine. When you always went there, then he saw me. went there, then he saw me. went there, then he saw me. [laughter] " [laughter] " [laughter] " Star Truck Star Truck" he said, " Star Truck Star Truck" he said, " Star Truck Star Truck" he said, " I'm starstruck by you." There's nothing like that. I'm starstruck by you." There's nothing like that. I'm starstruck by you." There's nothing like that. My cousin is not star-struck by you. You're My cousin is not star-struck by you. You're My cousin is not star-struck by you. You're not denying me now. not denying me now. not denying me now. I'm not starstruck by you. Yes, I'm not starstruck by you. Yes, I'm not starstruck by you. Yes, yes, not yet because only one person yes, not yet because only one person yes, not yet because only one person has finished this. Oh, go read it. has finished this. Oh, go read it. has finished this. Oh, go read it. What's your message to your future self What's your message to your future self What's your message to your future self ? ? ? To my future self, I promise you I To my future self, I promise you I To my future self, I promise you I won't let you down.  You will have a won't let you down.  You will have a won't let you down.  You will have a Honda City, you will drive here in Honda City, you will drive here in Honda City, you will drive here in Manila, you will no longer be afraid. Manila, you will no longer be afraid. Manila, you will no longer be afraid. You are always late. You are always late. You are always late. No more No more No more you're always late, future self, so how can you're always late, future self, so how can you're always late, future self, so how can I have more? You have a car but I have more? You have a car but I have more? You have a car but you're always getting tickets. you're always getting tickets. you're always getting tickets. Choy's future self.  I hope you have a lot of money. I Choy's future self.  I hope you have a lot of money. I Choy's future self.  I hope you have a lot of money. I hope the car you're looking at has insurance hope the car you're looking at has insurance hope the car you're looking at has insurance .  Let's see.  This is it. .  Let's see.  This is it. .  Let's see.  This is it. You'll eat the cooking first.  That's it. You'll eat the cooking first.  That's it. You'll eat the cooking first.  That's it. What?  Dali said, "You will be happily What?  Dali said, "You will be happily What?  Dali said, "You will be happily surprised by a new discovery." surprised by a new discovery." surprised by a new discovery." Next, next, next.  Mitch.  You are the Next, next, next.  Mitch.  You are the Next, next, next.  Mitch.  You are the page. page. page. Hey, that's Team Shaan.  I started with Hey, that's Team Shaan.  I started with Hey, that's Team Shaan.  I started with Nayim, I ordered it, I tasted the Nayim, I ordered it, I tasted the Nayim, I ordered it, I tasted the tofu, it said it had it.  Okay.  I started tofu, it said it had it.  Okay.  I started tofu, it said it had it.  Okay.  I started creating content in 2020. I'll creating content in 2020. I'll creating content in 2020. I'll dance like that until dance like that until dance like that until Mit and May start gossiping. Mit and May start gossiping. Mit and May start gossiping. The first one, yes. The first one, yes. The first one, yes. My very first video trended right My very first video trended right My very first video trended right away. away. away. Mm.  That's what my brother Kon and I danced for, that's what it was Mm.  That's what my brother Kon and I danced for, that's what it was Mm.  That's what my brother Kon and I danced for, that's what it was . . . Yes.  Is that a TV, is that a TV, is that a TV Yes.  Is that a TV, is that a TV, is that a TV Yes.  Is that a TV, is that a TV, is that a TV ?  Mm.  He doesn't like TV.  Ah, but this isn't ?  Mm.  He doesn't like TV.  Ah, but this isn't ?  Mm.  He doesn't like TV.  Ah, but this isn't you when you were a girl.  Not Chen. you when you were a girl.  Not Chen. you when you were a girl.  Not Chen. That's Chen.  That's my first video. That's Chen.  That's my first video. That's Chen.  That's my first video. What was the first video What was the first video What was the first video you uploaded for the sole purpose of keeping up with the you uploaded for the sole purpose of keeping up with the you uploaded for the sole purpose of keeping up with the trend?  Because the ones I had before were trend?  Because the ones I had before were trend?  Because the ones I had before were thirsty for food. thirsty for food. thirsty for food. How did you even think of making a video? How did you even think of making a video? How did you even think of making a video? I miss dancing noun. I miss dancing noun. I miss dancing noun. So your only purpose is So your only purpose is So your only purpose is to dance.  That's what my brother said to dance.  That's what my brother said to dance.  That's what my brother said on tiktok, let's post it because on tiktok, let's post it because on tiktok, let's post it because tiktok is trending now.  That's it.  So that's why I started TikTok tiktok is trending now.  That's it.  So that's why I started TikTok tiktok is trending now.  That's it.  So that's why I started TikTok . . . So you don't have a page yet. So you don't have a page yet. So you don't have a page yet. No TikTok yet.  Welcome.  I learned No TikTok yet.  Welcome.  I learned No TikTok yet.  Welcome.  I learned all that stuff when all that stuff when all that stuff when I went into management there before.  The main I went into management there before.  The main I went into management there before.  The main reason I reason I reason I like content creation is because like content creation is because like content creation is because I feel like I feel like I feel like content creators are like instant content creators are like instant content creators are like instant artists artists artists .  That was my frustration too when .  That was my frustration too when .  That was my frustration too when I was a child.  Did you know, guys, I used to have a I was a child.  Did you know, guys, I used to have a I was a child.  Did you know, guys, I used to have a video of me crying when I was a child?  I'm video of me crying when I was a child?  I'm video of me crying when I was a child?  I'm your childhood story.  [laughter] your childhood story.  [laughter] your childhood story.  [laughter] You're a child.  Oh, You're a child.  Oh, You're a child.  Oh, I'm crying.  I took a camera and it I'm crying.  I took a camera and it I'm crying.  I took a camera and it was sent [sighing] by my aunt was sent [sighing] by my aunt was sent [sighing] by my aunt from the US.  I'm crying because from the US.  I'm crying because from the US.  I'm crying because I said please help me.  I I said please help me.  I I said please help me.  I really want to be an artist.  How did you really want to be an artist.  How did you really want to be an artist.  How did you know I have so many?  I have so many know I have so many?  I have so many know I have so many?  I have so many followers.  You'd be surprised how followers.  You'd be surprised how followers.  You'd be surprised how many people like many people like many people like that.  I really learned all the that.  I really learned all the that.  I really learned all the ins and outs when I entered ins and outs when I entered ins and outs when I entered management and saw that management and saw that management and saw that I could make I could make I could make money like this.  So I've improved money like this.  So I've improved money like this.  So I've improved them all so far.  Guys, I really combine them all so far.  Guys, I really combine them all so far.  Guys, I really combine teaching and content creating teaching and content creating teaching and content creating because I really can't separate myself from because I really can't separate myself from because I really can't separate myself from teaching.   That's teaching.   That's teaching.   That's really cool. really cool. really cool. So what can you say about your future self? So what can you say about your future self? So what can you say about your future self? What I would say to my future self is, What I would say to my future self is, What I would say to my future self is, "How's it going? How many countries have "How's it going? How many countries have "How's it going? How many countries have you and your family been to?" you and your family been to?" you and your family been to?" What the hell, just wait.  There is more.  What does it What the hell, just wait.  There is more.  What does it What the hell, just wait.  There is more.  What does it feel like to be married to [laughter] feel like to be married to [laughter] feel like to be married to [laughter] Oh my God!  Guys, we're still babies.  Do you see Oh my God!  Guys, we're still babies.  Do you see Oh my God!  Guys, we're still babies.  Do you see ?  Are you participating?  Or are you just going to eat ?  Are you participating?  Or are you just going to eat ?  Are you participating?  Or are you just going to eat ?  This is delicious, guys. ?  This is delicious, guys. ?  This is delicious, guys. What? You will be a superstar. You will be a superstar. You will be a superstar. You will be the grand winner. You will be the grand winner. You will be the grand winner. You are a great singer. You are a great singer. You are a great singer. The Bluetooth device connected The Bluetooth device connected The Bluetooth device connected successfully. successfully. successfully. Your next triumph will be one through Your next triumph will be one through Your next triumph will be one through kindness. kindness. kindness. I'm supposed to be kind.  Yes, because you are rude. I'm supposed to be kind.  Yes, because you are rude. I'm supposed to be kind.  Yes, because you are rude. Kindness is not through giving money. Kindness is not through giving money. Kindness is not through giving money. Oh, giving money is kindness. Oh, giving money is kindness. Oh, giving money is kindness. It's just a kindness, but don't be It's just a kindness, but don't be It's just a kindness, but don't be too harsh lately because he's always got a too harsh lately because he's always got a too harsh lately because he's always got a bad temper in the group.  Mm.  Especially bad temper in the group.  Mm.  Especially bad temper in the group.  Mm.  Especially me. me. me. Yes, especially.  So be kind.  That's Yes, especially.  So be kind.  That's Yes, especially.  So be kind.  That's the sign to be kind to us, the sign to be kind to us, the sign to be kind to us, especially to especially to especially to K. But don't tell me not to K. But don't tell me not to K. But don't tell me not to fight.  We are fighting. fight.  We are fighting. fight.  We are fighting. We fought.  We are fighting. We fought.  We are fighting. We fought.  We are fighting. I even sent a long message to the GC because I even sent a long message to the GC because I even sent a long message to the GC because he thought someone else was taking leave from the GC.  Or someone is he thought someone else was taking leave from the GC.  Or someone is he thought someone else was taking leave from the GC.  Or someone is fighting, especially if you saw fighting, especially if you saw fighting, especially if you saw the first vlog about who is the first vlog about who is the first vlog about who is fighting.  There are still two of them. fighting.  There are still two of them. fighting.  There are still two of them. You can usually just wait and see. You can usually just wait and see. You can usually just wait and see. You can leave that alone.  I'm leaving.  Said. You can leave that alone.  I'm leaving.  Said. You can leave that alone.  I'm leaving.  Said. Seriously.  What? Seriously.  What? Seriously.  What? Why do I feel like I'm the one? Yes, of course.  There is a Why do I feel like I'm the one? Yes, of course.  There is a Why do I feel like I'm the one? Yes, of course.  There is a fault.  Why is it like when fault.  Why is it like when fault.  Why is it like when I just said [laughter] it I just said [laughter] it I just said [laughter] it should be so much? It should be so much. should be so much? It should be so much. should be so much? It should be so much. If you can do that, If you can do that, If you can do that, you can leave here now, whatever you want? you can leave here now, whatever you want? you can leave here now, whatever you want? Oh, you want to say that when I get better, Oh, you want to say that when I get better, Oh, you want to say that when I get better, maybe I'll be the only one. maybe I'll be the only one. maybe I'll be the only one. Okay, next babe.  Go. Okay, next babe.  Go. Okay, next babe.  Go. Hi guys.  This is our welcome to our Hi guys.  This is our welcome to our Hi guys.  This is our welcome to our first. first. first. I started to feel content.   It's I started to feel content.   It's I started to feel content.   It's still 2013, what's that on Facebook? It's still 2013, what's that on Facebook? It's still 2013, what's that on Facebook? It's all a lot on Facebook, it's not going to be 2020, it's 20, all a lot on Facebook, it's not going to be 2020, it's 20, all a lot on Facebook, it's not going to be 2020, it's 20, I already have a 2013 Facebook account. I already have a 2013 Facebook account. I already have a 2013 Facebook account. Because I love to sing, right?  Ah, Because I love to sing, right?  Ah, Because I love to sing, right?  Ah, the cover or I'm covering the the cover or I'm covering the the cover or I'm covering the koss.  I'm so happy even though koss.  I'm so happy even though koss.  I'm so happy even though it only got five likes.  10 likes like that. it only got five likes.  10 likes like that. it only got five likes.  10 likes like that. My classmates are commenting.  After all, My classmates are commenting.  After all, My classmates are commenting.  After all, you used to be famous when you had 100 you used to be famous when you had 100 you used to be famous when you had 100 likes.  'Aren't likes.  'Aren't likes.  'Aren't you famous when you get 100 likes?  I can achieve you famous when you get 100 likes?  I can achieve you famous when you get 100 likes?  I can achieve things like that no matter what I am, things like that no matter what I am, things like that no matter what I am, I'm only in grade 7.  I keep dripping. I'm only in grade 7.  I keep dripping. I'm only in grade 7.  I keep dripping. I just sing songs like that. I just sing songs like that. I just sing songs like that. Until you know my Until you know my Until you know my statue cover where I'm wearing an orange shirt and statue cover where I'm wearing an orange shirt and statue cover where I'm wearing an orange shirt and Messib. Messib. Messib. That's the statue I covered in 2018 That's the statue I covered in 2018 That's the statue I covered in 2018 .  Mm.  He went boom and at that time .  Mm.  He went boom and at that time .  Mm.  He went boom and at that time he had 200,000 views.  ' on Facebook it was he had 200,000 views.  ' on Facebook it was he had 200,000 views.  ' on Facebook it was so hard to have that many so hard to have that many so hard to have that many views at that time ah at views at that time ah at views at that time ah at that time I had RC spam wow I got it that time I had RC spam wow I got it that time I had RC spam wow I got it because my family was not well because my family was not well because my family was not well but guys it didn't continue what's but guys it didn't continue what's but guys it didn't continue what's the plastic with the tissue the plastic with the tissue the plastic with the tissue sorry dear sorry dear sorry dear okay it didn't continue what's okay it didn't continue what's okay it didn't continue what's the RC spam that I the RC spam that I the RC spam that I started with Ah the pandemic is almost over around started with Ah the pandemic is almost over around started with Ah the pandemic is almost over around 2021 because in 2020 2021 because in 2020 2021 because in 2020 my classmates were still tiktok-tiktok. my classmates were still tiktok-tiktok. my classmates were still tiktok-tiktok. I'm still annoyed, what is I'm still annoyed, what is I'm still annoyed, what is that?  Very judgmental.  Is it that?  Very judgmental.  Is it that?  Very judgmental.  Is it still musical in 2020? Musically was still musical in 2020? Musically was still musical in 2020? Musically was called called called musical before.  I see my classes, I said, what are you doing? what are you doing? what are you doing? I make fun of them for I make fun of them for I make fun of them for dancing like that.  Then when the dancing like that.  Then when the dancing like that.  Then when the lockdown came, I had nothing lockdown came, I had nothing lockdown came, I had nothing to do, I just drank my coffee, to do, I just drank my coffee, to do, I just drank my coffee, we were always drinking dalgona, what abs we were always drinking dalgona, what abs we were always drinking dalgona, what abs workout, even though my god, workout, even though my god, workout, even though my god, when I got tired of doing abs workouts when I got tired of doing abs workouts when I got tired of doing abs workouts and drinking dalgona coffee, I started TikToking and drinking dalgona coffee, I started TikToking and drinking dalgona coffee, I started TikToking .  I'm tired.  You [laughter] are the .  I'm tired.  You [laughter] are the .  I'm tired.  You [laughter] are the one who made my very first video that got 50k my very first video that got 50k my very first video that got 50k views, you are the one who made it views, you are the one who made it views, you are the one who made it on TikTok.  Yes, at that time, on TikTok.  Yes, at that time, on TikTok.  Yes, at that time, he continued until he continued until he continued until I was boycotting him because I was boycotting him because I was boycotting him because I donated hair to alopecia patients. I donated hair to alopecia patients. I donated hair to alopecia patients. That's the real story, guys.  Why did I That's the real story, guys.  Why did I That's the real story, guys.  Why did I go to bed?  Because even when go to bed?  Because even when go to bed?  Because even when my hair was long, I was already a lesbian, my hair was long, I was already a lesbian, my hair was long, I was already a lesbian, my hair was long, but I could only my hair was long, but I could only my hair was long, but I could only cut it because I donated it cut it because I donated it cut it because I donated it to alopecia, which is why to alopecia, which is why to alopecia, which is why when it grows long, it makes awkward when it grows long, it makes awkward when it grows long, it makes awkward faces.  So I'm having a hard time getting faces.  So I'm having a hard time getting faces.  So I'm having a hard time getting him to last longer.  So I have to him to last longer.  So I have to him to last longer.  So I have to keep it short until keep it short until keep it short until I can enjoy it.  I enjoy having I can enjoy it.  I enjoy having I can enjoy it.  I enjoy having my hair like this.  Then I gained more my hair like this.  Then I gained more my hair like this.  Then I gained more followers when I posted about followers when I posted about followers when I posted about my transformation.  It got 300,000 my transformation.  It got 300,000 my transformation.  It got 300,000 views.  Then the views.  Then the views.  Then the famous tiktokers commented, "Sister Side Dating famous tiktokers commented, "Sister Side Dating famous tiktokers commented, "Sister Side Dating Sir, they beat me up."  Maymay Sir, they beat me up."  Maymay Sir, they beat me up."  Maymay Intrata.  That's where Intrata.  That's where Intrata.  That's where he started.  Until he started.  Until he started.  Until RC spam came back to life, guys.  It's so bad RC spam came back to life, guys.  It's so bad RC spam came back to life, guys.  It's so bad because it used to be so popular. because it used to be so popular. because it used to be so popular. Yes, GCGCs, are those who do GCGCs Yes, GCGCs, are those who do GCGCs Yes, GCGCs, are those who do GCGCs in GC that on messenger in GC that on messenger in GC that on messenger only have a maximum capacity of 150. Mm. only have a maximum capacity of 150. Mm. only have a maximum capacity of 150. Mm. I reach GC1 to GC7.  What are you I reach GC1 to GC7.  What are you I reach GC1 to GC7.  What are you doing?  It's like you're already advisory.  Yes. doing?  It's like you're already advisory.  Yes. doing?  It's like you're already advisory.  Yes. You didn't call what?  Hi guys. You didn't call what?  Hi guys. You didn't call what?  Hi guys. Who wants to be in the group chat?  I'm here, I'm Who wants to be in the group chat?  I'm here, I'm Who wants to be in the group chat?  I'm here, I'm joining.  I need a cure joining.  I need a cure joining.  I need a cure . . . There you go.  Then all those GCs became seven There you go.  Then all those GCs became seven There you go.  Then all those GCs became seven GCs.  There are admins on the right. GCs.  There are admins on the right. GCs.  There are admins on the right. You know, I'm so thankful for what I had You know, I'm so thankful for what I had You know, I'm so thankful for what I had before because they were the ones who gave me before because they were the ones who gave me before because they were the ones who gave me hope for life.  Did you know that I have a hope for life.  Did you know that I have a hope for life.  Did you know that I have a fan there who gave me Php7,000 so fan there who gave me Php7,000 so fan there who gave me Php7,000 so I could start my closing line?  That's what I could start my closing line?  That's what I could start my closing line?  That's what brought my closing line to life. brought my closing line to life. brought my closing line to life. I'm making five digits because I'm making five digits because I'm making five digits because I was able to get merch right away even though I was able to get merch right away even though I was able to get merch right away even though I wasn't very famous yet because what am I, I wasn't very famous yet because what am I, I wasn't very famous yet because what am I, I'm a loser.  [laughter] At least when I'm a loser.  [laughter] At least when I'm a loser.  [laughter] At least when I was confused, I realized that I was confused, I realized that I was confused, I realized that he had something, and I was making money he had something, and I was making money he had something, and I was making money somehow, so he was there until I stopped somehow, so he was there until I stopped somehow, so he was there until I stopped it because I was confused, because that's what it because I was confused, because that's what it because I was confused, because that's what happened.  But then, happened.  But then, happened.  But then, my first manager, Conon Felix, arrived. my first manager, Conon Felix, arrived. my first manager, Conon Felix, arrived. He was actually my first manager, guys. He was actually my first manager, guys. He was actually my first manager, guys. Con. Con. Con. My Con was the one who pushed My Con was the one who pushed My Con was the one who pushed me to do a cover again like that like that me to do a cover again like that like that me to do a cover again like that like that .  So he managed .  So he managed .  So he managed me for about 3 months.  Until me for about 3 months.  Until me for about 3 months.  Until I met Ali.  I met Ali on I met Ali.  I met Ali on I met Ali.  I met Ali on TikTok. TikTok. TikTok. When I met Ali, When I met Ali, When I met Ali, he only had 300k followers. he only had 300k followers. he only had 300k followers. I only have 300k followers, guys.  Then I only have 300k followers, guys.  Then I only have 300k followers, guys.  Then we had a shark. we had a shark. we had a shark. Our fandom.  The teacher is already undressed Our fandom.  The teacher is already undressed Our fandom.  The teacher is already undressed .  No, .  No, .  No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no [laughter] no [laughter] no [laughter] you were the one who said earlier that there was a child you were the one who said earlier that there was a child you were the one who said earlier that there was a child watching. watching. watching. Mm.  Then you became silent like that. Mm.  Then you became silent like that. Mm.  Then you became silent like that. You're welcome. You're welcome. You're welcome. So that's where I started until So that's where I started until So that's where I started until I ended up in our management I ended up in our management I ended up in our management where I met them.  They are May and where I met them.  They are May and where I met them.  They are May and Mitch. Mitch. Mitch. I knew my husband because that was I knew my husband because that was I knew my husband because that was before the management before the management before the management .  Since too. .  Since too. .  Since too. Mm.  Then we were just content Mm.  Then we were just content Mm.  Then we were just content .  I didn't give up because, you .  I didn't give up because, you .  I didn't give up because, you guys, it's so hard to find a guys, it's so hard to find a guys, it's so hard to find a niche in content creating.  That's what niche in content creating.  That's what niche in content creating.  That's what we're talking about.  That's my finocus. we're talking about.  That's my finocus. we're talking about.  That's my finocus. I need to find a place to stay until I need to find a place to stay until I need to find a place to stay until Palimos arrives.  Palimos has Palimos arrives.  Palimos has Palimos arrives.  Palimos has opened so many doors for opened so many doors for opened so many doors for me throughout my life, guys.  Begging me throughout my life, guys.  Begging me throughout my life, guys.  Begging is what really lifted me up is what really lifted me up is what really lifted me up in the morning.  On the in the morning.  On the in the morning.  On the lift life party list. lift life party list. lift life party list. Yes.  Then the part numbers started to increase Yes.  Then the part numbers started to increase Yes.  Then the part numbers started to increase [clears throat] a lot [clears throat] a lot [clears throat] a lot . . . My brands have grown so much that My brands have grown so much that My brands have grown so much that I have So how much does I have So how much does I have So how much does RC Sylvestre earn?  That can't be RC Sylvestre earn?  That can't be RC Sylvestre earn?  That can't be said anymore.   That's what said anymore.   That's what said anymore.   That's what happened to me.  So happened to me.  So happened to me.  So my message to my future self is, I hope my message to my future self is, I hope my message to my future self is, I hope you clean your Miata properly you clean your Miata properly you clean your Miata properly and I hope you still have a lot of money and I hope you still have a lot of money and I hope you still have a lot of money because you paid for the wedding. because you paid for the wedding. because you paid for the wedding. I hope you still have a long patience. I hope you still have a long patience. I hope you still have a long patience. Just a fish.  Just have fun with Just a fish.  Just have fun with Just a fish.  Just have fun with Teacher Shaz and Justin Ann Hinanaya. Teacher Shaz and Justin Ann Hinanaya. Teacher Shaz and Justin Ann Hinanaya. Justin anh Hinanaya Silvestre Justin anh Hinanaya Silvestre Justin anh Hinanaya Silvestre [whispering] Joan is Joan, she can't [whispering] Joan is Joan, she can't [whispering] Joan is Joan, she can't speak when we say Joan, Johan, speak when we say Joan, Johan, speak when we say Joan, Johan, I don't say anything about that, and then I don't say anything about that, and then I don't say anything about that, and then you did a great job at your concert, RC you did a great job at your concert, RC you did a great job at your concert, RC I feel like your future is this I feel like your future is this I feel like your future is this year or early next year, maybe year or early next year, maybe year or early next year, maybe the concert, I hope you and the concert, I hope you and the concert, I hope you and Shas have rehearsed because you don't rehearse Shas have rehearsed because you don't rehearse Shas have rehearsed because you don't rehearse when there are concerts on the same when there are concerts on the same when there are concerts on the same day, Same day.  Same day as [laughter] day, Same day.  Same day as [laughter] day, Same day.  Same day as [laughter] the hour before.  I hope the hour before.  I hope the hour before.  I hope you're getting back on track. you're getting back on track. you're getting back on track. Love fortune cookies. Love fortune cookies. Love fortune cookies. Okay.  They said it's ready.  That's a nice thing to say Okay.  They said it's ready.  That's a nice thing to say Okay.  They said it's ready.  That's a nice thing to say .  Hey hey, there's nothing to eat.  If you want to .  Hey hey, there's nothing to eat.  If you want to .  Hey hey, there's nothing to eat.  If you want to be lucky, don't forget to be lucky, don't forget to be lucky, don't forget to smile, fortune smile, fortune smile, fortune knows that. knows that. knows that. Congratulations because group 5 will buy you Congratulations because group 5 will buy you Congratulations because group 5 will buy you an iPhone 18 Pro Max. an iPhone 18 Pro Max. an iPhone 18 Pro Max. No.  Oh, No.  Oh, No.  Oh, the letter is so serious.  Who is that?  [laughter] the letter is so serious.  Who is that?  [laughter] the letter is so serious.  Who is that?  [laughter] Give it.  The teacher was so rude that Give it.  The teacher was so rude that Give it.  The teacher was so rude that he just used what we had. he just used what we had. he just used what we had. I'm just trying to patch things up because I'm just trying to patch things up because I'm just trying to patch things up because teacher Shas is supposed to be nice. teacher Shas is supposed to be nice. teacher Shas is supposed to be nice. Mm.  So what teacher Shas wrote down Mm.  So what teacher Shas wrote down Mm.  So what teacher Shas wrote down in Fortune Cookie is what I read because in Fortune Cookie is what I read because in Fortune Cookie is what I read because you need to be kind. you need to be kind. you need to be kind. Your road, huh.  Your way, your way.  No, no Your road, huh.  Your way, your way.  No, no Your road, huh.  Your way, your way.  No, no .  That's nice.  [laughter] You're ruining You're ruining You're ruining your [laughter] road, your road. You guys know this should be a good You guys know this should be a good You guys know this should be a good vlog.  It's okay.  This is how we really are, the vlog.  It's okay.  This is how we really are, the vlog.  It's okay.  This is how we really are, the road to heaven, road to heaven, road to heaven, your road, your road, your road, your road to glory will be rocky but your road to glory will be rocky but your road to glory will be rocky but fulfilling, fulfilling, fulfilling, Mark is quiet, as if there is someone Mark is quiet, as if there is someone Mark is quiet, as if there is someone next, May, Manay started, next, May, Manay started, next, May, Manay started, yes, of course, okay, let's start, yes, of course, okay, let's start, yes, of course, okay, let's start, guys, Manay started, Manay, look for guys, Manay started, Manay, look for guys, Manay started, Manay, look for the group chat in GC, Puy [laughter] the group chat in GC, Puy [laughter] the group chat in GC, Puy [laughter] good evening, so I'm going to make a good evening, so I'm going to make a good evening, so I'm going to make a group chat in GC, group chat in GC, group chat in GC, I'm going to make a drip, I'm going to make a I'm going to make a drip, I'm going to make a I'm going to make a drip, I'm going to make a hundred, my manager, what is he, the hundred, my manager, what is he, the hundred, my manager, what is he, the first manager, is he arrogant towards first manager, is he arrogant towards first manager, is he arrogant towards us, oh why is he like that on SIMCH, I don't have anything like that, us, oh why is he like that on SIMCH, I don't have anything like that, us, oh why is he like that on SIMCH, I don't have anything like that, and then and then and then my good morning, what are you really saying, you didn't my good morning, what are you really saying, you didn't make me a GC in GC, good chat, please be make me a GC in GC, good chat, please be make me a GC in GC, good chat, please be nice to me for first aid, tell them about the tell them about the tell them about the first aid, he's first aid, he's first aid, he's so deep, he's so deep, he's so deep, he's so poetic, then we're so poetic, then we're so poetic, then we're talking about something, he said we need to be prepared, talking about something, he said we need to be prepared, talking about something, he said we need to be prepared, because he said we need a lot of because he said we need a lot of because he said we need a lot of first aid, [laughter] which is first first aid, [laughter] which is first first aid, [laughter] which is first aid, aid, aid, that's what he calls it, that's what he calls it, that's what he calls it, but first aid should be done but first aid should be done but first aid should be done because [laughter] the [laughter] the [laughter] the depth is so deep, depth is so deep, depth is so deep, he's the one who's really right  to be he's the one who's really right  to be he's the one who's really right  to be straight to the straight to the straight to the point as a young lady point as a young lady point as a young lady you need to say what is you need to say what is you need to say what is really needed there is [laughter] really needed there is [laughter] really needed there is [laughter] to the to the to the beautiful ones because that's because it's beautiful ones because that's because it's beautiful ones because that's because it's not just because not just because not just because we're used to it we're not really used to it because of course we're used to it we're not really used to it because of course we're used to it we're not really used to it because of course our generation is established in our generation is established in our generation is established in life so as a term life so as a term life so as a term may's first aid may's first aid may's first aid but if you guys watch what may's but if you guys watch what may's but if you guys watch what may's vlogs are he really deep in vlogs are he really deep in vlogs are he really deep in Tagalog Tagalog especially when he's in Bicol toos especially when he's in Bicol toos especially when he's in Bicol toos he steps up tos cooking in he steps up tos cooking in he steps up tos cooking in big pans big pans big pans show them how you hit it show them how you hit it show them how you hit it because guys how recently because guys how recently because guys how recently we filmed this it's only the first day of we filmed this it's only the first day of we filmed this it's only the first day of mit in kan it's only the second day of mit in kan it's only the second day of mit in kan it's only the second day of him because it was only him because it was only him because it was only half a day yesterday half a day yesterday half a day yesterday so the first aid was just put on so the first aid was just put on so the first aid was just put on him it's him it's him it's just the first aid that your rank is to just the first aid that your rank is to just the first aid that your rank is to your fans if there is no later you're teasing your fans if there is no later you're teasing your fans if there is no later you're teasing the guys aren't you not the guys aren't you not the guys aren't you not teasing the guys in these recipes teasing the guys in these recipes teasing the guys in these recipes moms because this has been moms because this has been moms because this has been going on for a long time it's from my grandfather [laughter] disrespectfully planted that disrespectfully planted that disrespectfully planted that It was planted by my grandfather who really It was planted by my grandfather who really It was planted by my grandfather who really benefited us after a few years as a kind of benefited us after a few years as a kind of benefited us after a few years as a kind of investment in the investment in the investment in the so everything was just used with the foot that so everything was just used with the foot that so everything was just used with the foot that should come from should come from should come from you know brother mit he doesn't love you know brother mit he doesn't love you know brother mit he doesn't love you give him the first aid you give him the first aid you give him the first aid give him you don't just laugh at mit give him you don't just laugh at mit give him you don't just laugh at mit tell him the first aid what are tell him the first aid what are tell him the first aid what are we talking about I don't know it's we talking about I don't know it's we talking about I don't know it's like about first aid it's like they're like about first aid it's like they're like about first aid it's like they're fighting I think fighting I think fighting I think he's still holding back the joy he's still holding back the joy he's still holding back the joy you know you know his batterb I heard you know you know his batterb I heard you know you know his batterb I heard he's not the butterbag he's not the butterbag he's not the butterbag we're talking about that drowning he did we're talking about that drowning he did we're talking about that drowning he did n't give him the first aid n't give him the first aid n't give him the first aid he died [laughter] he died [laughter] he died [laughter] you remember that you you remember that you you remember that you can talk about because he said can talk about because he said can talk about because he said yes stop stop because the one who yes stop stop because the one who yes stop stop because the one who stopped him because the one who did the gccpr so stopped him because the one who did the gccpr so stopped him because the one who did the gccpr so he wasn't given the right first he wasn't given the right first he wasn't given the right first aid so just [laughter] aid so just [laughter] aid so just [laughter] you're not us we we what what what but at the time we weren't in the but at the time we weren't in the but at the time we weren't in the first aid we were gone when I was already in the first aid first aid we were gone when I was already in the first aid first aid we were gone when I was already in the first aid I already remembered the first aid I already remembered the first aid I already remembered the first aid because they all remembered because there's something because they all remembered because there's something because they all remembered because there's something great  The first aid because when I got it, great  The first aid because when I got it, great  The first aid because when I got it, it was like a plant in my brain, it was it was like a plant in my brain, it was it was like a plant in my brain, it was first aid, what is first aid? First first aid, what is first aid? First first aid, what is first aid? First aid, first [sighs] aid, okay, it's been a while since I got aid, first [sighs] aid, okay, it's been a while since I got aid, first [sighs] aid, okay, it's been a while since I got it, oh, there's so much more, there's so much more, it, oh, there's so much more, there's so much more, it, oh, there's so much more, there's so much more, right away, side comment, right away, side comment, right away, side comment, I'm not even starting, I'm not even starting, I'm not even starting, welcome to my pag, welcome to my pag, welcome to my pag, it's me guys, it's your manay, it's me guys, it's your manay, it's me guys, it's your manay, Tim [laughs], I'm manay, I just sipped the soup, I'm manay, I just sipped the soup, I'm manay, I just sipped the soup, you're teaching me again [laughs], you're being silly, I won't give you first aid, won't give you first aid, won't give you first aid, I won't call to give you I won't call to give you I won't call to give you first aid, so you can try me. [laughter] It's really different, the pain is relieved, really different, the pain is relieved, really different, the pain is relieved, are you okay? I shouldn't laugh, that's why are you okay? I shouldn't laugh, that's why are you okay? I shouldn't laugh, that's why I'm holding it back, because it hurts, guys, it I'm holding it back, because it hurts, guys, it I'm holding it back, because it hurts, guys, it hurts when he laughs hurts when he laughs hurts when he laughs [laughter] When he laughs, he's thinking about his [laughter] When he laughs, he's thinking about his [laughter] When he laughs, he's thinking about his mom, guys, these are the things mom, guys, these are the things mom, guys, these are the things we drink [laughter] Are the things we drink [laughter] Are the things we drink [laughter] Are the things we drink the same? That's just a first aid, there's we drink the same? That's just a first aid, there's we drink the same? That's just a first aid, there's no alcohol, what is this?  This is our normal state, no alcohol, what is this?  This is our normal state, no alcohol, what is this?  This is our normal state, guys.  Okay, that's normal.  Umm, so guys.  Okay, that's normal.  Umm, so guys.  Okay, that's normal.  Umm, so I'm in high school, like grade 12 I'm in high school, like grade 12 I'm in high school, like grade 12 .  I see my classmates .  I see my classmates .  I see my classmates with cellphones and someone is with cellphones and someone is with cellphones and someone is TikToking, it seems like there are only three of them TikToking, it seems like there are only three of them TikToking, it seems like there are only three of them or maybe two of them, or maybe two of them, or maybe two of them, but I don't know what the but I don't know what the but I don't know what the TikTok noun is yet.  There was one time they told TikTok noun is yet.  There was one time they told TikTok noun is yet.  There was one time they told me what I was doing me what I was doing me what I was doing because we were laughing, especially the because we were laughing, especially the because we were laughing, especially the boys, at what they were doing.  I didn't even boys, at what they were doing.  I didn't even boys, at what they were doing.  I didn't even know it was TikTok.  They said, " know it was TikTok.  They said, " know it was TikTok.  They said, " What's up, dance this, see What's up, dance this, see What's up, dance this, see if you can do it, like that, like that, if you can do it, like that, like that, if you can do it, like that, like that, they know I really dance." they know I really dance." they know I really dance." When I got him, When I got him, When I got him, my friend did something on his account that made me my friend did something on his account that made me my friend did something on his account that made me TikTok but I don't know if TikTok but I don't know if TikTok but I don't know if he uploaded it. He only explained he uploaded it. He only explained he uploaded it. He only explained to my brother what TikTok was. He said there were to my brother what TikTok was. He said there were to my brother what TikTok was. He said there were dances on it, like that's what I'm talking about. So dances on it, like that's what I'm talking about. So dances on it, like that's what I'm talking about. So I really thought TikTok was I really thought TikTok was I really thought TikTok was like he uploaded videos and like he uploaded videos and like he uploaded videos and then it was like YT with then it was like YT with then it was like YT with dance tutorials like that, so dance tutorials like that, so dance tutorials like that, so I downloaded it, but at first I scrolled and scrolled I downloaded it, but at first I scrolled and scrolled I downloaded it, but at first I scrolled and scrolled until the 2019 pandemic came. until the 2019 pandemic came. until the 2019 pandemic came. I don't know if it's 2021 or 2020, it I don't know if it's 2021 or 2020, it I don't know if it's 2021 or 2020, it started at the end of 2020, I guess.   There's a started at the end of 2020, I guess.   There's a started at the end of 2020, I guess.   There's a pandemic that makes it impossible to go out.  There is no pandemic that makes it impossible to go out.  There is no pandemic that makes it impossible to go out.  There is no problem.  I've been doing this for problem.  I've been doing this for problem.  I've been doing this for 2 weeks too.  No, I didn't.  I did a 2 2 weeks too.  No, I didn't.  I did a 2 2 weeks too.  No, I didn't.  I did a 2 week workout challenge for 2 weeks week workout challenge for 2 weeks week workout challenge for 2 weeks .  So what did I do? I skipped .  So what did I do? I skipped .  So what did I do? I skipped my classes and went to the my classes and went to the my classes and went to the swimming pool because we were really good at swimming pool because we were really good at swimming pool because we were really good at swimming.  Hey, swimming.  Hey, swimming.  Hey, guys, I'm really going to get abs.  That's right.  Not yet. guys, I'm really going to get abs.  That's right.  Not yet. guys, I'm really going to get abs.  That's right.  Not yet. College hasn't started yet because College hasn't started yet because College hasn't started yet because I'm going to college.  Then I don't I'm going to college.  Then I don't I'm going to college.  Then I don't know who pushed me or if no one know who pushed me or if no one know who pushed me or if no one pushed me. pushed me. pushed me. Well, no one pushed.  [laughter] Well, no one pushed.  [laughter] Well, no one pushed.  [laughter] No one pushed.  I don't know about No one pushed.  I don't know about No one pushed.  I don't know about my classmates who my classmates who my classmates who showed me TikTok, they said, " showed me TikTok, they said, " showed me TikTok, they said, " Make an account, that's the first Make an account, that's the first Make an account, that's the first time I said yes, but I didn't time I said yes, but I didn't time I said yes, but I didn't really consider it, but they told really consider it, but they told really consider it, but they told me to do it, you're dancing like that, me to do it, you're dancing like that, me to do it, you're dancing like that, and you're beautiful like that, and you're beautiful like that, and you're beautiful like that, because I can see that there are because I can see that there are because I can see that there are filters, are there any filters, until it filters, are there any filters, until it filters, are there any filters, until it becomes a bit looser, that's when I becomes a bit looser, that's when I becomes a bit looser, that's when I started doing TikTok, it's looser, what's started doing TikTok, it's looser, what's started doing TikTok, it's looser, what's going out, we can go to the going out, we can go to the going out, we can go to the beach without having to beach without having to beach without having to wear masks or anything, if it's just you wear masks or anything, if it's just you wear masks or anything, if it's just you there, that's why there, that's why there, that's why my first video at the Sea was like that.  I'm still wearing the my first video at the Sea was like that.  I'm still wearing the my first video at the Sea was like that.  I'm still wearing the t-shirt you promoted to me, t-shirt you promoted to me, t-shirt you promoted to me, ex.  I saw that.  I'm wearing a ex.  I saw that.  I'm wearing a ex.  I saw that.  I'm wearing a red hat.  Yes.  Yes.  There is a colab.  You red hat.  Yes.  Yes.  There is a colab.  You started collaborating with the crab gags, but then it must be just a way started collaborating with the crab gags, but then it must be just a way started collaborating with the crab gags, but then it must be just a way to pass the time, because what are to pass the time, because what are to pass the time, because what are you doing?  [laughter] I you doing?  [laughter] I you doing?  [laughter] I enjoyed my food, enjoyed my food, enjoyed my food, I talked to you, we were still here, I talked to you, we were still here, I talked to you, we were still here, you were still being paid.  It's hanging, hanging you were still being paid.  It's hanging, hanging you were still being paid.  It's hanging, hanging because it feels like it.  [laughter] Hello to Hello to Hello to who are you talking to? who are you talking to? who are you talking to? He's trying to hide like He's trying to hide like He's trying to hide like [laughter] I can't see him there, he said he's your [laughter] I can't see him there, he said he's your [laughter] I can't see him there, he said he's your baby, [laughter] baby, [laughter] baby, [laughter] I'm sorry, he said it hurts, but I I'm sorry, he said it hurts, but I I'm sorry, he said it hurts, but I stayed away until I went to college.  I think I'm 20 now, stayed away until I went to college.  I think I'm 20 now, stayed away until I went to college.  I think I'm 20 now, I'm not 20 anymore, I'm going to be 21, I'm I'm not 20 anymore, I'm going to be 21, I'm I'm not 20 anymore, I'm going to be 21, I'm going to be 21, I'm leaving because going to be 21, I'm leaving because going to be 21, I'm leaving because it's really my dream to go to college, you know it's really my dream to go to college, you know it's really my dream to go to college, you know my fantasy, you're still a working student, yes, my fantasy, you're still a working student, yes, my fantasy, you're still a working student, yes, that's why I went to college.  It's my fantasy to be that's why I went to college.  It's my fantasy to be that's why I went to college.  It's my fantasy to be like a working student. like a working student. like a working student. I am isolated.  You're making it happen I am isolated.  You're making it happen I am isolated.  You're making it happen .  [laughter] Oh, then Oh, then Oh, then what? what? what? It's like I used to be doing something, listening, and I It's like I used to be doing something, listening, and I It's like I used to be doing something, listening, and I feel like I can focus on something.  Why did feel like I can focus on something.  Why did feel like I can focus on something.  Why did you think of doing that big ginig you think of doing that big ginig you think of doing that big ginig with a kulangot promise you didn't with a kulangot promise you didn't with a kulangot promise you didn't see it you shouldn't have taken it choy see it you shouldn't have taken it choy see it you shouldn't have taken it choy later hopefully after we eat it later hopefully after we eat it later hopefully after we eat it because it seems tough [laughter] sorry game no no no I won't give it to you with sorry game no no no I won't give it to you with sorry game no no no I won't give it to you with this pain you're giving me a lot I this pain you're giving me a lot I this pain you're giving me a lot I really won't give it to you I won't really won't give it to you I won't really won't give it to you I won't call anything or call anything or call anything or game game I'll try not to I'm game game I'll try not to I'm game game I'll try not to I'm sorry I gave you sorry I gave you sorry I gave you my life because I was given first aid I my life because I was given first aid I my life because I was given first aid I won't call anything.  Or won't call anything.  Or won't call anything.  Or game after game, we'll try, but if not, I'm game after game, we'll try, but if not, I'm game after game, we'll try, but if not, I'm sorry that you lost your life. sorry that you lost your life. sorry that you lost your life. I was not given first I was not given first I was not given first aid.  [laughter] That's it.  [laughter] Besides, That's it.  [laughter] Besides, That's it.  [laughter] Besides, we don't have any cure for this.  Laugh, we don't have any cure for this.  Laugh, we don't have any cure for this.  Laugh, you've seen so many facts about RC. you've seen so many facts about RC. you've seen so many facts about RC. Just go ahead.  There you go.   It's Just go ahead.  There you go.   It's Just go ahead.  There you go.   It's scary. Oh [laughter] it Oh [laughter] it Oh [laughter] it was put on because his hair was was put on because his hair was was put on because his hair was dirty [laughter] he dirty [laughter] he dirty [laughter] he said it wasn't even 5 minutes ago, said it wasn't even 5 minutes ago, said it wasn't even 5 minutes ago, just seconds because the hair on the ends of his hair is just seconds because the hair on the ends of his hair is just seconds because the hair on the ends of his hair is turning white, oh sorry, you're turning white, oh sorry, you're turning white, oh sorry, you're so dirty, you're so dirty, you're so dirty, you're scary, but it's legit, that's why I don't like what but it's legit, that's why I don't like what but it's legit, that's why I don't like what Mit does to him [laughter] Mit does to him [laughter] Mit does to him [laughter] he said it's like when you wrap your hair around, you're playing a game or after that you don't want to listen, game or after that you don't want to listen, game or after that you don't want to listen, I'm fine, you're flirting, you're flirting with I'm fine, you're flirting, you're flirting with I'm fine, you're flirting, you're flirting with the one that the one that the one that comes out, I'm putting it in your mouth, you comes out, I'm putting it in your mouth, you comes out, I'm putting it in your mouth, you didn't let me taste the anoel, did didn't let me taste the anoel, did didn't let me taste the anoel, did you want me to you want me to you want me to taste it [laughter] taste it [laughter] taste it [laughter] just know you all have adh Then just know you all have adh Then just know you all have adh Then you're here [snorting] you're here [snorting] you're here [snorting] while earlier he was eating [laughter] while earlier he was eating [laughter] while earlier he was eating [laughter] because we don't have anything to drink when because we don't have anything to drink when because we don't have anything to drink when he's being tempted by food, he needs to he's being tempted by food, he needs to he's being tempted by food, he needs to stop, he's stop, he's stop, he's saying a lot, saying a lot, saying a lot, baby, suddenly, baby, baby, suddenly, baby, baby, suddenly, baby, there's something because I'm a working student, but what's this, there's something because I'm a working student, but what's this, there's something because I'm a working student, but what's this, I got the I got the I got the courage to say goodbye to mom, courage to say goodbye to mom, courage to say goodbye to mom, you're injecting a chystick, brother Mit, you can focus on brother Mit, you can focus on brother Mit, you can focus on you, he said while  He said you, he said while  He said you, he said while  He said he was like this to you after he was like this to you after he was like this to you after like like like you're listening to yellow you're listening to yellow you're listening to yellow because it's not the water because it's not the water because it's not the water game or tap, I'm a working game or tap, I'm a working game or tap, I'm a working student, I'll finish you first, student, I'll finish you first, student, I'll finish you first, put water in, maybe there's more to put water in, maybe there's more to put water in, maybe there's more to do before water pull out pull out do before water pull out pull out do before water pull out pull out [laughter] just pull it [laughter] just pull it [laughter] just pull it here, just here, that's it, here, just here, that's it, here, just here, that's it, because you know it's annoying, you're you know it's annoying, you're you know it's annoying, you're hurting me, that's the cloth, that's wrong, hurting me, that's the cloth, that's wrong, hurting me, that's the cloth, that's wrong, Chu is always like that, it's always a mess Chu is always like that, it's always a mess Chu is always like that, it's always a mess because mit is mitung, there's a problem, it's because mit is mitung, there's a problem, it's because mit is mitung, there's a problem, it's really a case [laughter] that's why I got the courage to that's why I got the courage to that's why I got the courage to really separate myself from my family as a really separate myself from my family as a really separate myself from my family as a working student because when I was doing working student because when I was doing working student because when I was doing tiktok, tiktok, I had a lot of money, it was tiktok, tiktok, I had a lot of money, it was tiktok, tiktok, I had a lot of money, it was my first time earning like that my first time earning like that my first time earning like that just because of just because of just because of what social media, when I was doing content, when I was what social media, when I was doing content, when I was what social media, when I was doing content, when I was dancing, that's what I was given the dancing, that's what I was given the dancing, that's what I was given the amount of 7,000 for that video, like that, do amount of 7,000 for that video, like that, do amount of 7,000 for that video, like that, do you know, ph,000 is too big for me, you know, ph,000 is too big for me, you know, ph,000 is too big for me, not to the point that I decided I can do it not to the point that I decided I can do it not to the point that I decided I can do it now, I'll take now, I'll take now, I'll take care of what I do 7,000, go away, go away care of what I do 7,000, go away, go away care of what I do 7,000, go away, go away house [laughter] house [laughter] house [laughter] I can afford this, I'm very rich. How much are you? How much are you? How much are you? No.  They still gave me a stipend, No.  They still gave me a stipend, No.  They still gave me a stipend, but by the time I received the but by the time I received the but by the time I received the 7K, it wasn't immediately because 7K, it wasn't immediately because 7K, it wasn't immediately because he didn't have to make a video he didn't have to make a video he didn't have to make a video like that.  So I finished that and started like that.  So I finished that and started like that.  So I finished that and started college. When I went to college, college. When I went to college, college. When I went to college, guys, what did I do? I became a scholar and then a guys, what did I do? I became a scholar and then a guys, what did I do? I became a scholar and then a working student.  I felt like working student.  I felt like working student.  I felt like I was in-house at school.   It's I was in-house at school.   It's I was in-house at school.   It's like an apartment. like an apartment. like an apartment. We shared an apartment with the We shared an apartment with the We shared an apartment with the ambassadors when I was in college ambassadors when I was in college ambassadors when I was in college .  So that's why I got a scholarship .  So that's why I got a scholarship .  So that's why I got a scholarship because of that.  And then because of that.  And then because of that.  And then I became a working student.  I am on duty at the I became a working student.  I am on duty at the I became a working student.  I am on duty at the hotel's front desk.  That's right.  Choy and I are my babies hotel's front desk.  That's right.  Choy and I are my babies hotel's front desk.  That's right.  Choy and I are my babies .  This is what he .  This is what he .  This is what he and Mitch are doing.  Look at Mitte, and Mitch are doing.  Look at Mitte, and Mitch are doing.  Look at Mitte, I'm stopping him.  I said, [ __ ].  Oh I'm stopping him.  I said, [ __ ].  Oh I'm stopping him.  I said, [ __ ].  Oh [laughter] the [laughter] the [laughter] the guys are so beautiful. Maybe you don't have focus. Maybe you don't have focus. Maybe you don't have focus. How quickly How quickly How quickly you can get into you can get into you can get into jeeps. jeeps. jeeps. Ali, how many times have you watched that? Ali, how many times have you watched that? Ali, how many times have you watched that? Maybe there needs to be a ser Maybe there needs to be a ser Maybe there needs to be a ser [clears throat] there so [clears throat] there so [clears throat] there so we can focus. we can focus. we can focus. Look at me, brother. Look at me, brother. Look at me, brother. Because I'm distracting.  Just stand there. Because I'm distracting.  Just stand there. Because I'm distracting.  Just stand there. May is not finished yet.  Where am I May is not finished yet.  Where am I May is not finished yet.  Where am I ?  You are now a wing student.  Hotel. ?  You are now a wing student.  Hotel. ?  You are now a wing student.  Hotel. You are staying at a hotel. You are staying at a hotel. You are staying at a hotel. That's it, I'm carrying the 7k.  [laughter] That's it, I'm carrying the 7k.  [laughter] That's it, I'm carrying the 7k.  [laughter] He said to his classes, "I can buy you this."  I guess I knew at "I can buy you this."  I guess I knew at "I can buy you this."  I guess I knew at that time that I could save it that time that I could save it that time that I could save it until the next few months because I could only until the next few months because I could only afford Php,000 a month.  Because you afford Php,000 a month.  Because you afford Php,000 a month.  Because you guys know, I'm buying something for guys know, I'm buying something for guys know, I'm buying something for Php,000 Php,000 Php,000 now, Php,5,000, which is just a verst. now, Php,5,000, which is just a verst. now, Php,5,000, which is just a verst. Thank you Lord.  Um what am I doing Thank you Lord.  Um what am I doing Thank you Lord.  Um what am I doing because I'm buying something, what do you know about because I'm buying something, what do you know about because I'm buying something, what do you know about the 552 that he's not sponsored guys, the 552 that he's not sponsored guys, the 552 that he's not sponsored guys, what am I going to do there because we just know that what am I going to do there because we just know that what am I going to do there because we just know that 552 is three five to two, that's it 552 is three five to two, that's it 552 is three five to two, that's it [sighs] okay, I'm not [sighs] okay, I'm not [sighs] okay, I'm not doing anything, then doing anything, then doing anything, then I'll feed him three times a day, I'll feed him three times a day, I'll feed him three times a day, that's what I do.  Manay is so pathetic, are that's what I do.  Manay is so pathetic, are n't you just another person? I'm just a fool.   It's n't you just another person? I'm just a fool.   It's n't you just another person? I'm just a fool.   It's really sour, isn't it? Yes, it's sour, how quickly really sour, isn't it? Yes, it's sour, how quickly really sour, isn't it? Yes, it's sour, how quickly you get distracted you're so sour, there's something here that really got you're so sour, there's something here that really got you're so sour, there's something here that really got me focused, me focused, me focused, I was just focusing on my sister, my sister, I was just focusing on my sister, my sister, I was just focusing on my sister, my sister, it's still going on because I got that it's still going on because I got that it's still going on because I got that scholarship because of scholarship because of scholarship because of TikTok, when the biggest TikTok, when the biggest TikTok, when the biggest management that held me, management that held me, management that held me, I really prayed, I got I really prayed, I got I really prayed, I got my apartment, not for myself, my apartment, not for myself, my apartment, not for myself, in Naga City, Bicol, in Naga City, Bicol, in Naga City, Bicol, guys, you guys kept going guys, you guys kept going guys, you guys kept going until I got an offer until I got an offer until I got an offer to live stream like that, like that, there was a monit, to live stream like that, like that, there was a monit, to live stream like that, like that, there was a monit, you got 7k, get an apartment, not there, there was you got 7k, get an apartment, not there, there was you got 7k, get an apartment, not there, there was something, yeah, I did the something, yeah, I did the something, yeah, I did the 7k for about three 7k for about three 7k for about three months, then within months, then within months, then within those three months, because the 7k hadn't been used up yet, those three months, because the 7k hadn't been used up yet, those three months, because the 7k hadn't been used up yet, there were people coming in with 2k, there were people coming in with 2k, there were people coming in with 2k, and they and they and they said you were still good, I was just latent, my TF said you were still good, I was just latent, my TF said you were still good, I was just latent, my TF from the first time, I also had a deal, from the first time, I also had a deal, from the first time, I also had a deal, I also agreed, because I didn't I also agreed, because I didn't I also agreed, because I didn't know how long it would be, know how long it would be, know how long it would be, and the content creator had already run out before, and the content creator had already run out before, and the content creator had already run out before, so that's it.  When so that's it.  When so that's it.  When I prayed that I was in Naga City, I said that I prayed that I was in Naga City, I said that I prayed that I was in Naga City, I said that Naga City was still so small that I felt like Naga City was still so small that I felt like Naga City was still so small that I felt like I was being underestimated.  I I was being underestimated.  I I was being underestimated.  I really hesitated, I said, Lord, just give me an really hesitated, I said, Lord, just give me an really hesitated, I said, Lord, just give me an opportunity in Manila, no matter what, opportunity in Manila, no matter what, opportunity in Manila, no matter what, I'll grab it, I'll leave everything like that. I'll grab it, I'll leave everything like that. I'll grab it, I'll leave everything like that. Until then, yes. Until then, yes. Until then, yes. This management called.  And then I traveled This management called.  And then I traveled This management called.  And then I traveled alone. alone. alone. My mother didn't want me to go on a trip because you know, guys, My mother didn't want me to go on a trip because you know, guys, My mother didn't want me to go on a trip because you know, guys, the color the color the color pool pool pool car pool was still in fashion, car pool was still in fashion, car pool was still in fashion, as long as it was like that, guys, colors, but my as long as it was like that, guys, colors, but my as long as it was like that, guys, colors, but my mother still doesn't want me to go on a trip because mother still doesn't want me to go on a trip because mother still doesn't want me to go on a trip because you know, my trip was you know, my trip was you know, my trip was just me, I'm a girl, I'm still young, because just me, I'm a girl, I'm still young, because just me, I'm a girl, I'm still young, because I'm really young, 20 years I'm really young, 20 years I'm really young, 20 years old, I'm going to be 21, it seems like you're too young, are old, I'm going to be 21, it seems like you're too young, are old, I'm going to be 21, it seems like you're too young, are you kidding me, you kidding me, you kidding me, I'm not too young for that, because I'm not too young for that, because I'm not too young for that, because I come from an isolated place, I come from an isolated place, I come from an isolated place, not a provincial town, not a provincial town, not a provincial town, I'm really a provincial town, because you know, when I'm really a provincial town, because you know, when I'm really a provincial town, because you know, when I go to college, I'll just have to take care of I go to college, I'll just have to take care of I go to college, I'll just have to take care of Naon. Naon. Naon. I didn't learn how to open a car until I was in college. I didn't learn how to open a car until I was in college. I didn't learn how to open a car until I was in college. Yes, I am.  Yes, I don't know. Yes, I am.  Yes, I don't know. Yes, I am.  Yes, I don't know. I was locked out one time when I was locked out one time when I was locked out one time when my partner was looking for me. my partner was looking for me. my partner was looking for me. I just looked at him inside the car.  Maybe I just looked at him inside the car.  Maybe I just looked at him inside the car.  Maybe you've forgotten about them [laughter]. you've forgotten about them [laughter]. you've forgotten about them [laughter]. Take the elevator. Take the elevator. Take the elevator. That's when management told me That's when management told me That's when management told me I didn't know how to use an I didn't know how to use an I didn't know how to use an elevator.  I was beautiful from elevator.  I was beautiful from elevator.  I was beautiful from 7 to what time so I said what is it that I said what is it that I said what is it that sir JB said what is my favorite story sir JB said what is my favorite story sir JB said what is my favorite story he said because he knew that he said because he knew that he said because he knew that he picked me up from the hotel he saw he picked me up from the hotel he saw he picked me up from the hotel he saw me walking outside going in what me walking outside going in what me walking outside going in what because what stairs did I go out because what stairs did I go out because what stairs did I go out [laughter] I went in and the [laughter] I went in and the [laughter] I went in and the kicky card was checking up I'll just be kicky card was checking up I'll just be kicky card was checking up I'll just be there I promise.   They say there I promise.   They say there I promise.   They say your pandemic workout was really bad your pandemic workout was really bad your pandemic workout was really bad .  I'm not really awake yet. .  I'm not really awake yet. .  I'm not really awake yet. I'm not the only one.   It I'm not the only one.   It I'm not the only one.   It 's after management that many 's after management that many 's after management that many opportunities came.  Well, then opportunities came.  Well, then opportunities came.  Well, then the guy who was into all the the guy who was into all the the guy who was into all the brands that were coming in, I thought it was brands that were coming in, I thought it was brands that were coming in, I thought it was possible, like that.   It's possible, like that.   It's possible, like that.   It's like I've already bought a condo like I've already bought a condo like I've already bought a condo in Manila, and I can't afford to in Manila, and I can't afford to in Manila, and I can't afford to buy one.  It's not 7 anymore, how can you say it's buy one.  It's not 7 anymore, how can you say it's buy one.  It's not 7 anymore, how can you say it's not 7,600 anymore. What's going on? It's not 7,600 anymore. What's going on? It's not 7,600 anymore. What's going on? It's really easy to get paid monthly at that time really easy to get paid monthly at that time really easy to get paid monthly at that time . . . T's all right um until it was like what's up T's all right um until it was like what's up T's all right um until it was like what's up I wasn't young when I wasn't young when I wasn't young when I got a condo but I didn't know that's what I got a condo but I didn't know that's what I got a condo but I didn't know that's what I would encounter every day as what I would encounter every day as what I would encounter every day as what living alone at that time was prone like living alone at that time was prone like living alone at that time was prone like what I was scared because it was like what I was scared because it was like what I was scared because it was like this what Manila is prone to this what Manila is prone to this what Manila is prone to bad habits I have no relatives I don't have anything bad habits I have no relatives I don't have anything bad habits I have no relatives I don't have anything I only have mit I only have mit I only have mit really the type when someone has bad really the type when someone has bad really the type when someone has bad habits I've had an encounter with something habits I've had an encounter with something habits I've had an encounter with something just 9 a I'm crying I'm going back I just 9 a I'm crying I'm going back I just 9 a I'm crying I'm going back I won't go out anymore won't go out anymore won't go out anymore Because I noticed that I said why am Because I noticed that I said why am Because I noticed that I said why am I so prone to that I so prone to that I so prone to that my approach is always okay where is my approach is always okay where is my approach is always okay where is the ride here or where is that then it's like the ride here or where is that then it's like the ride here or where is that then it's like what I'm getting annoyed with you guys they what I'm getting annoyed with you guys they what I'm getting annoyed with you guys they treat me like a child you'll take treat me like a child you'll take treat me like a child you'll take care of that they said they were looking for someone that's how care of that they said they were looking for someone that's how care of that they said they were looking for someone that's how I was at the edge of the hotel at I was at the edge of the hotel at I was at the edge of the hotel at our edge of the condo they were like that our edge of the condo they were like that our edge of the condo they were like that so when I let go of so when I let go of so when I let go of the condo the condo the condo that condo we'll buy that condo we'll buy that condo we'll buy um what is it what is that um what is it what is that um what is it what is that cross condom not cross condom not cross condom not what condominium Don't do it my way what condominium Don't do it my way what condominium Don't do it my way .  [laughter] .  [laughter] .  [laughter] What is that?  Okay, but he's not allowed to laugh anymore. but he's not allowed to laugh anymore. but he's not allowed to laugh anymore. He still loves because he is about to be destroyed. He still loves because he is about to be destroyed. He still loves because he is about to be destroyed. What part of your story is it?  It's easy to What part of your story is it?  It's easy to What part of your story is it?  It's easy to get too long because get too long because get too long because we have so many commercials. we have so many commercials. we have so many commercials. I left that condominium because I left that condominium because I left that condominium because I said I really couldn't handle I said I really couldn't handle I said I really couldn't handle life like that in Manila.  Because life like that in Manila.  Because life like that in Manila.  Because I feel like because I started to I feel like because I started to I feel like because I started to wake up in the city 22 23 22 wake up in the city 22 23 22 wake up in the city 22 23 22 I don't know if I have myself I ask I don't know if I have myself I ask I don't know if I have myself I ask myself 22 that's 22 so it's like that's all I just myself 22 that's 22 so it's like that's all I just myself 22 that's 22 so it's like that's all I just went home I just went home to Bicol that's went home I just went home to Bicol that's went home I just went home to Bicol that's where I experienced what where I experienced what where I experienced what my comfort zone was like I left Bicol my comfort zone was like I left Bicol my comfort zone was like I left Bicol the people you were with there are the people you were with there are the people you were with there are your relatives I'll just have family with your relatives I'll just have family with your relatives I'll just have family with our barangays our barangays our barangays our zone is just barangays so our zone is just barangays so our zone is just barangays so that's the comfort zone that's the comfort zone that's the comfort zone [clears throat] barangay zone it's [clears throat] barangay zone it's [clears throat] barangay zone it's like how am I there too like how am I there too like how am I there too Mitch and I went for it.  Mitch is my mom, Mitch and I went for it.  Mitch is my mom, Mitch and I went for it.  Mitch is my mom, guys.  And then guys.  And then guys.  And then we left again because we had cleaned up we left again because we had cleaned up we left again because we had cleaned up our car.  Yes.  There were opportunities our car.  Yes.  There were opportunities our car.  Yes.  There were opportunities that came here that we said yes, that came here that we said yes, that came here that we said yes, we were so isolated again that we were so isolated again that we were so isolated again that I became comfortable.  It's my fault I became comfortable.  It's my fault I became comfortable.  It's my fault that I brought Mitch there, who was content with what he that I brought Mitch there, who was content with what he that I brought Mitch there, who was content with what he had, had, had, because I was content with what because I was content with what because I was content with what I had grown up with, and I had grown up with, and I had grown up with, and this is really what I'm here for. this is really what I'm here for. this is really what I'm here for. I'm not really up for the shoot.  That's what I'm not really up for the shoot.  That's what I'm not really up for the shoot.  That's what I thought, really my god, I thought, really my god, I thought, really my god, we didn't close this we didn't close this we didn't close this thing but it's like a city like a siad no thing but it's like a city like a siad no thing but it's like a city like a siad no you didn't close the ice oh so you didn't close the ice oh so you didn't close the ice oh so I closed it okay yeah I'm just going to enjoy it I closed it okay yeah I'm just going to enjoy it I closed it okay yeah I'm just going to enjoy it okay that's why okay that's why okay that's why my message to my future self my message to my future self my message to my future self is to beat up everyone who says is to beat up everyone who says is to beat up everyone who says you can't do it in your future self you don't have much confidence in the picture in the picture in the picture you're 1 2 3 each other [ you're 1 2 3 each other [ you're 1 2 3 each other [ laughter] laughter] laughter] for the picture what [laughter] what [laughter] what [laughter] what no maybe he's grumbling because he hasn't gotten what's missing what no maybe he's grumbling because he hasn't gotten what's missing just charot so that's um what are you just charot so that's um what are you because you're too much what are you a star because you're too much what are you a star because you yourself because you yourself because you yourself tell yourself you can't do it because I can't do it because that's tell yourself you can't do it because I can't do it because that's You haven't changed, which You haven't changed, which You haven't changed, which means that the contents of means that the contents of means that the contents of your bank account, your habits, are still the same as before, and your bank account, your habits, are still the same as before, and your bank account, your habits, are still the same as before, and it's only right that it's only right that it's only right that you just live like that.  Also, don't lock you just live like that.  Also, don't lock you just live like that.  Also, don't lock yourself in your comfort zone when yourself in your comfort zone when yourself in your comfort zone when you're tired.  Don't be like that because that's all you're tired.  Don't be like that because that's all you do and then whatever else you do, you don't you do and then whatever else you do, you don't you do and then whatever else you do, you don't get any opportunities because they're get any opportunities because they're get any opportunities because they're too small.  Right.  And then too small.  Right.  And then too small.  Right.  And then you get out, get out of there.  It's okay for you get out, get out of there.  It's okay for you get out, get out of there.  It's okay for you to cry there.  You you to cry there.  You you to cry there.  You might be a little grumpy if I give you 24 hours because that's might be a little grumpy if I give you 24 hours because that's might be a little grumpy if I give you 24 hours because that's how you are.  No bath, no how you are.  No bath, no how you are.  No bath, no toothbrush, no food when you're hungry. toothbrush, no food when you're hungry. toothbrush, no food when you're hungry. That's okay.  Then after 24 hours, That's okay.  Then after 24 hours, That's okay.  Then after 24 hours, romanticize your life again. romanticize your life again. romanticize your life again. Read the book again. Read the book again. Read the book again. You know how to draw.  Fantasize about what You know how to draw.  Fantasize about what You know how to draw.  Fantasize about what you read on What.  That's what happens you read on What.  That's what happens you read on What.  That's what happens when you're bored.  Fantasize about when you're bored.  Fantasize about when you're bored.  Fantasize about life.  Okay?  And I hope life.  Okay?  And I hope life.  Okay?  And I hope if ever you and if ever you and if ever you and Mitch get engaged.  I don't know if Mitch get engaged.  I don't know if Mitch get engaged.  I don't know if you've decided to have a baby or if you've decided to have a baby or if you've decided to have a baby or if you've decided not to. you've decided not to. you've decided not to. I'm happy with your life choices there. I'm happy with your life choices there. I'm happy with your life choices there. Okay.  I just hope it's always for the Okay.  I just hope it's always for the Okay.  I just hope it's always for the better future.  Okay. You are so picky.  That's it.  2 hours to You are so picky.  That's it.  2 hours to You are so picky.  That's it.  2 hours to achieve this.  It's been 2 hours.  There are so achieve this.  It's been 2 hours.  There are so achieve this.  It's been 2 hours.  There are so many of you.  The many of you.  The many of you.  The food is delicious.  [laughter] food is delicious.  [laughter] food is delicious.  [laughter] Oh, it took a long time, guys. Oh, it took a long time, guys. Oh, it took a long time, guys. How long has he been talking? How How long has he been talking? How How long has he been talking? How long has he been talking?  Mm. long has he been talking?  Mm. long has he been talking?  Mm. What the hell [clears throat] It's What the hell [clears throat] It's What the hell [clears throat] It's just a thorn [laughter] just a thorn [laughter] just a thorn [laughter] honey, someone is talking. honey, someone is talking. honey, someone is talking. Yes, it really feels like I have some Yes, it really feels like I have some Yes, it really feels like I have some kind friends here, kind friends here, kind friends here, okay, stir it up okay, stir it up okay, stir it up .  [laughter] Don't Don't Don't have a go.  You are out on bail.  Don't have a go.  You are out on bail.  Don't have a go.  You are out on bail.  Don't worry. worry. worry. Congratulations.  You have a syndicate leader, Congratulations.  You have a syndicate leader, Congratulations.  You have a syndicate leader, baby. baby. baby. Because I am.  Readable.  This is it.  I'll read it Because I am.  Readable.  This is it.  I'll read it Because I am.  Readable.  This is it.  I'll read it .  A charitable gift.  Woo! .  A charitable gift.  Woo! .  A charitable gift.  Woo! Hey, the noise. The sourness. The sourness. The sourness. There you go.  A charitable gift goes a long way. There you go.  A charitable gift goes a long way. There you go.  A charitable gift goes a long way. Or what does it mean?  Please explain. Or what does it mean?  Please explain. Or what does it mean?  Please explain. No.  I didn't draw it.  You No.  I didn't draw it.  You No.  I didn't draw it.  You explain. explain. explain. So I'm going to sponsor the charity. So I'm going to sponsor the charity. So I'm going to sponsor the charity. I'm going to mix.  They say if you give I'm going to mix.  They say if you give I'm going to mix.  They say if you give your heart a lump, it goes a long way.  Yes. your heart a lump, it goes a long way.  Yes. your heart a lump, it goes a long way.  Yes. Mitch.  I'll be in the next episode because it's already 1 Mitch.  I'll be in the next episode because it's already 1 Mitch.  I'll be in the next episode because it's already 1 hour long. hour long. hour long. Just 10 minutes. Just 10 minutes. Just 10 minutes. Because the number of 10s is 30, 10, 5, 10, 30. Because the number of 10s is 30, 10, 5, 10, 30. Because the number of 10s is 30, 10, 5, 10, 30. You need to make the kald your trademark. You need to make the kald your trademark. You need to make the kald your trademark. hi guys, I'm Mit, I don't have an intro yet, hi guys, I'm Mit, I don't have an intro yet, hi guys, I'm Mit, I don't have an intro yet, so [laughter], so I'm just so [laughter], so I'm just so [laughter], so I'm just doing random things, sorry, sorry, doing random things, sorry, sorry, doing random things, sorry, sorry, so how did I start? so how did I start? so how did I start? I'm an opportunist, I'm still really young, I promise, I'm an opportunist, I'm still really young, I promise, I'm an opportunist, I'm still really young, I promise, how did I start when I was young, how did I start when I was young, how did I start when I was young, because I really look like money.  When because I really look like money.  When because I really look like money.  When I want to do something, my friends know that I want to do something, my friends know that I want to do something, my friends know that I'm just a kid and I feel like I'm just a kid and I feel like I'm just a kid and I feel like I have money.  I will sell I have money.  I will sell I have money.  I will sell household items.  That's the electric one that's still household items.  That's the electric one that's still household items.  That's the electric one that's still being sold because it's already heated up, where else would I sell it if it was being sold because it's already heated up, where else would I sell it if it was being sold because it's already heated up, where else would I sell it if it was electric [laughs] just electric [laughs] just electric [laughs] just so we could play basketball, huh? so we could play basketball, huh? so we could play basketball, huh? Those things that are no longer used Those things that are no longer used Those things that are no longer used by them are like that.  Yes, those things. by them are like that.  Yes, those things. by them are like that.  Yes, those things. Then there were papers because Then there were papers because Then there were papers because we used to have a business, papers, papers, we used to have a business, papers, papers, we used to have a business, papers, papers, basketball jump basketball jump basketball jump shop, we had a fee in shop, we had a fee in shop, we had a fee in Mandaluyong when Mandaluyong when Mandaluyong when we played basketball, we played basketball, we played basketball, you had to pay for the you had to pay for the you had to pay for the court, court, court, my friends when we were kids my friends when we were kids my friends when we were kids at Cristian Caseo, my friends, at Cristian Caseo, my friends, at Cristian Caseo, my friends, we didn't have any money, how much was we didn't have any money, how much was we didn't have any money, how much was it, like 150 for an hour to it, like 150 for an hour to it, like 150 for an hour to play basketball, I sold play basketball, I sold play basketball, I sold whatever equipment I could find at home, whatever equipment I could find at home, whatever equipment I could find at home, but for our basketball, but for our basketball, but for our basketball, we bought food like this and that we bought food like this and that we bought food like this and that until I got used to it. until I got used to it. until I got used to it. Then as I was growing up, Then as I was growing up, Then as I was growing up, I thought about becoming an actor because I thought about becoming an actor because I thought about becoming an actor because life is easy when you're an actor, you have a lot of life is easy when you're an actor, you have a lot of life is easy when you're an actor, you have a lot of money like that.  I haven't been able to achieve it money like that.  I haven't been able to achieve it money like that.  I haven't been able to achieve it since the pandemic, so since the pandemic, so since the pandemic, so I just studied. I just studied. I just studied. I am in high school.  I'm a dancer I am in high school.  I'm a dancer I am in high school.  I'm a dancer because of my uncle, who is a choreographer because of my uncle, who is a choreographer because of my uncle, who is a choreographer .  I didn't go to .  I didn't go to .  I didn't go to high school, so all I know is dance high school, so all I know is dance high school, so all I know is dance .  I studied IT in college.  I really focused .  I studied IT in college.  I really focused .  I studied IT in college.  I really focused on becoming an IT professional because on becoming an IT professional because on becoming an IT professional because that's what my parents gave me when that's what my parents gave me when that's what my parents gave me when I graduated.  So I did that. I graduated.  So I did that. I graduated.  So I did that. I tried to be a working student. I tried to be a working student. I tried to be a working student. I danced a lot in college. I danced a lot in college. I danced a lot in college. I really can't afford IT.  So I really can't afford IT.  So I really can't afford IT.  So what my parents did was enroll what my parents did was enroll what my parents did was enroll me as a working student so me as a working student so me as a working student so I could have my own money I could have my own money I could have my own money while I studied.  So while I studied.  So while I studied.  So my body got used to studying while my body got used to studying while my body got used to studying while working but still managed.  So working but still managed.  So working but still managed.  So I asked my parents to I asked my parents to I asked my parents to just study.  I finished the whole just study.  I finished the whole just study.  I finished the whole IT.  Then after IT, I worked for 4 years IT.  Then after IT, I worked for 4 years IT.  Then after IT, I worked for 4 years as an account manager at an IT as an account manager at an IT as an account manager at an IT company where all I could think about was work.   That's where company where all I could think about was work.   That's where company where all I could think about was work.   That's where I'm used to not being stressed, I'm used to not being stressed, I'm used to not being stressed, vaping, and vaping, and vaping, and hanging out. hanging out. hanging out. That's not there yet.  It's like I'm That's not there yet.  It's like I'm That's not there yet.  It's like I'm really just thinking about money.  Then, when really just thinking about money.  Then, when really just thinking about money.  Then, when I had been working for 4 years, I repeatedly felt I had been working for 4 years, I repeatedly felt I had been working for 4 years, I repeatedly felt like my previous passion, which was like my previous passion, which was like my previous passion, which was dancing, was just something I wanted to pursue dancing, was just something I wanted to pursue dancing, was just something I wanted to pursue .  I can't do it.  Suddenly, a .  I can't do it.  Suddenly, a .  I can't do it.  Suddenly, a pandemic broke out.  That's where pandemic broke out.  That's where pandemic broke out.  That's where we were together, how we we were together, how we we were together, how we started as content creators and started as content creators and started as content creators and influencers, they called us 2020, influencers, they called us 2020, influencers, they called us 2020, you're ahead, 2020, we were together you're ahead, 2020, we were together you're ahead, 2020, we were together [clearing throat] 2021, I'm here, [clearing throat] 2021, I'm here, [clearing throat] 2021, I'm here, your pandemic is coming to an end.  That's your pandemic is coming to an end.  That's your pandemic is coming to an end.  That's the board in the house.  Board the board in the house.  Board the board in the house.  Board the house.  That board is the first thing the house.  That board is the first thing the house.  That board is the first thing I remember. I remember. I remember. That happened one after the other and then I just went to the gym. That happened one after the other and then I just went to the gym. That happened one after the other and then I just went to the gym. My management is my business, and My management is my business, and My management is my business, and I have a lot of other things to do.  I don't know if I have a lot of other things to do.  I don't know if I have a lot of other things to do.  I don't know if they even know Buknoy.  Yes.  That was they even know Buknoy.  Yes.  That was they even know Buknoy.  Yes.  That was my management before. my management before. my management before. Until I self-aged.  I earned Until I self-aged.  I earned Until I self-aged.  I earned 10k.  I thought 10k was too much 10k.  I thought 10k was too much 10k.  I thought 10k was too much for my first brand.  Mm. for my first brand.  Mm. for my first brand.  Mm. What is my first aid?  I was there while What is my first aid?  I was there while What is my first aid?  I was there while I was working, and I was always working out and then I was working, and I was always working out and then I was working, and I was always working out and then I was always at the gym.  The gym was my stress reliever I was always at the gym.  The gym was my stress reliever I was always at the gym.  The gym was my stress reliever because I used to get teased on because I used to get teased on because I used to get teased on Facebook for being so skinny. Facebook for being so skinny. Facebook for being so skinny. Who told you that just told Who told you that just told Who told you that just told me who is that just so I could be interviewed who is that just so I could be interviewed who is that just so I could be interviewed on a radio station like they said yes on a radio station like they said yes on a radio station like they said yes you are the one in the pot like that we are your son you are the one in the pot like that we are your son you are the one in the pot like that we are your son kald king like that so it's like kald king like that so it's like kald king like that so it's like I'm a fool I told myself okay okay I'm a fool I told myself okay okay I'm a fool I told myself okay okay kaldakin me like that kaldakin me like that kaldakin me like that I'm a kald but that was before because I'm a kald but that was before because I'm a kald but that was before because when I was a kid you believed in the when I was a kid you believed in the when I was a kid you believed in the kalgking yes I believed then because kalgking yes I believed then because kalgking yes I believed then because when I was a kid until when I was a kid until when I was a kid until I was a teenager what because I was so skinny I was a teenager what because I was so skinny I was a teenager what because I was so skinny because I really didn't care about because I really didn't care about because I really didn't care about my body all I knew about myself was my body all I knew about myself was my body all I knew about myself was I looked wow but when I went I looked wow but when I went I looked wow but when I went to work what my friends said to work what my friends said to work what my friends said you're not really skinny like that you're not really skinny like that you're not really skinny like that try going to the gym we tried going to the try going to the gym we tried going to the try going to the gym we tried going to the gym but I didn't really take it seriously gym but I didn't really take it seriously gym but I didn't really take it seriously but during the pandemic since I couldn't do anything but during the pandemic since I couldn't do anything but during the pandemic since I couldn't do anything seriously seriously seriously I just took it seriously I just had I just took it seriously I just had I just took it seriously I just had my stage my confidence was so high my stage my confidence was so high my stage my confidence was so high [clears throat] from what [clears throat] from what [clears throat] from what I earned because I was so skinny I earned because I was so skinny I earned because I was so skinny I had that kind of muscle that I had that kind of muscle that I had that kind of muscle that I did it without thinking about I did it without thinking about I did it without thinking about what my goal was it's not actually what my goal was it's not actually what my goal was it's not actually muscle what is it muscle ah yes muscle muscle what is it muscle ah yes muscle muscle what is it muscle ah yes muscle really but my face and my body also got bigger it's really but my face and my body also got bigger it's really but my face and my body also got bigger it's like like like I became really confident so much that I became really confident so much that I became really confident so much that I'm already dancing and dancing I'm already dancing and dancing I'm already dancing and dancing [clears throat] like what are you guys [clears throat] like what are you guys [clears throat] like what are you guys making me do with those stitches and then there's a lot that making me do with those stitches and then there's a lot that happened so I got used happened so I got used happened so I got used to things I've also been through to things I've also been through to things I've also been through bashing I've been through the lowest part bashing I've been through the lowest part bashing I've been through the lowest part of my life and I've been through the of my life and I've been through the of my life and I've been through the AP I wanted to reach before a boy band on AP I wanted to reach before a boy band on AP I wanted to reach before a boy band on a TV show on a network that did a TV show on a network that did a TV show on a network that did something to me that seemed something to me that seemed something to me that seemed [clears throat] to push [clears throat] to push [clears throat] to push my dreams away.  If you don't my dreams away.  If you don't my dreams away.  If you don't ask anymore guys, Mish should be ask anymore guys, Mish should be ask anymore guys, Mish should be part of SB19. part of SB19. part of SB19. No, no.  But when SB90 started, no.  But when SB90 started, no.  But when SB90 started, I idolized them, so that's when I I idolized them, so that's when I I idolized them, so that's when I dreamed of being in a boy band.  When dreamed of being in a boy band.  When dreamed of being in a boy band.  When I saw that, hey, it's possible, possible, possible that I saw that, hey, it's possible, possible, possible that I saw that, hey, it's possible, possible, possible that the boy band will become famous in the Philippines. the boy band will become famous in the Philippines. the boy band will become famous in the Philippines. So I thought I'd just say goodbye, So I thought I'd just say goodbye, So I thought I'd just say goodbye, but it didn't work out because so much but it didn't work out because so much but it didn't work out because so much happened.  I was bashed that time. happened.  I was bashed that time. happened.  I was bashed that time. I had a lot of downfalls that year, I had a lot of downfalls that year, I had a lot of downfalls that year, around 2023 or something like that.  Then around 2023 or something like that.  Then around 2023 or something like that.  Then he couldn't get up.  Mm.  But I was caught up in the he couldn't get up.  Mm.  But I was caught up in the he couldn't get up.  Mm.  But I was caught up in the talk so [clears throat] talk so [clears throat] talk so [clears throat] I'm also very grateful and I'm also very grateful and I'm also very grateful and I'm very thankful to my management because I'm very thankful to my management because I'm very thankful to my management because they really gave me an they really gave me an they really gave me an opportunity even though I went back to work opportunity even though I went back to work opportunity even though I went back to work and they hired me in 2 weeks and they hired me in 2 weeks and they hired me in 2 weeks to be a lead at work and then to be a lead at work and then to be a lead at work and then they were the ones who really helped me they were the ones who really helped me they were the ones who really helped me get back on social media no matter get back on social media no matter get back on social media no matter how the dog was going through it. how the dog was going through it. how the dog was going through it. They gave me the opportunity They gave me the opportunity They gave me the opportunity [clears throat] to be known again on [clears throat] to be known again on [clears throat] to be known again on social media and at the same social media and at the same social media and at the same time I was blessed with the journey time I was blessed with the journey time I was blessed with the journey that was given to me in the talk because that's where I that was given to me in the talk because that's where I that was given to me in the talk because that's where I met May and that's where met May and that's where met May and that's where everything beautiful was formed. That's where I everything beautiful was formed. That's where I everything beautiful was formed. That's where I appreciated appreciated appreciated that there are people who can accept you that there are people who can accept you that there are people who can accept you and at the same time who can get to know and at the same time who can get to know and at the same time who can get to know you for who you are, especially the you for who you are, especially the you for who you are, especially the two of us because the group two of us because the group two of us because the group that formed before us knew that formed before us knew that formed before us knew my story and it seemed like it was Chinese to me too my story and it seemed like it was Chinese to me too my story and it seemed like it was Chinese to me too at some point T's.  Well, it's at some point T's.  Well, it's at some point T's.  Well, it's so random that you know so random that you know so random that you know Teachers, they're RC, they're not in our Teachers, they're RC, they're not in our Teachers, they're RC, they're not in our group, but that's as times goes group, but that's as times goes group, but that's as times goes by Mm.  They were the ones who were with us in Hong by Mm.  They were the ones who were with us in Hong by Mm.  They were the ones who were with us in Hong Kong to make these Kong to make these Kong to make these things happen and who we are today.  It things happen and who we are today.  It things happen and who we are today.  It all started in Hong Kong.  Actually, guys, all started in Hong Kong.  Actually, guys, all started in Hong Kong.  Actually, guys, at that time we were seeing at that time we were seeing at that time we were seeing Mit.  Mit is really, honestly, struggling a lot Mit.  Mit is really, honestly, struggling a lot Mit.  Mit is really, honestly, struggling a lot with his content because with his content because with his content because we can see [clears throat] we can see [clears throat] we can see [clears throat] what his content is.  That's not him what his content is.  That's not him what his content is.  That's not him .  We just saw each other because I always .  We just saw each other because I always .  We just saw each other because I always watch their content, they're in Bicol, watch their content, they're in Bicol, watch their content, they're in Bicol, what is Mitbrang? I know why what is Mitbrang? I know why what is Mitbrang? I know why he's like that, he's so different in his he's like that, he's so different in his he's like that, he's so different in his content, that's why his viewers are content, that's why his viewers are content, that's why his viewers are gone, like he's really fallen off, and gone, like he's really fallen off, and gone, like he's really fallen off, and he's never been like that in content, who he's never been like that in content, who he's never been like that in content, who knows? He's like that knows? He's like that knows? He's like that now in his content now, we're like that, now in his content now, we're like that, now in his content now, we're like that, because even before, wasn't this the case? because even before, wasn't this the case? because even before, wasn't this the case? We were with We were with We were with Mitch when we were with Mitch, when Mitch when we were with Mitch, when Mitch when we were with Mitch, when we were doing content with us, it's different from we were doing content with us, it's different from we were doing content with us, it's different from how he does content in Bicol because we're really how he does content in Bicol because we're really how he does content in Bicol because we're really funny, we're funny, we're funny, we're really funny, Jetro and Race are with us, what are really funny, Jetro and Race are with us, what are really funny, Jetro and Race are with us, what are we doing, we doing, we doing, he's really funny?  His vibe is different. he's really funny?  His vibe is different. he's really funny?  His vibe is different. I never showed it on camera.  It turns out that T's is what I never showed it on camera.  It turns out that T's is what I never showed it on camera.  It turns out that T's is what comes into comes into comes into my being an opportunist because guys, what am I, oh my being an opportunist because guys, what am I, oh my being an opportunist because guys, what am I, oh no, what kind of person am I, where there's no, what kind of person am I, where there's no, what kind of person am I, where there's money, money, money, there I am, I don't there I am, I don't there I am, I don't care about my image before, but care about my image before, but care about my image before, but when there's money there, I'll put when there's money there, I'll put when there's money there, I'll put myself in there so I can earn money.  You remember myself in there so I can earn money.  You remember myself in there so I can earn money.  You remember we talked about going there 3 we talked about going there 3 we talked about going there 3 years ago, 3 years ago years ago, 3 years ago years ago, 3 years ago we went to RSC, to teacher Shas. we went to RSC, to teacher Shas. we went to RSC, to teacher Shas. We were talking about not We were talking about not We were talking about not traveling yet because we didn't have enough traveling yet because we didn't have enough traveling yet because we didn't have enough fans yet.  I feel like fans yet.  I feel like fans yet.  I feel like we don't have anything, I don't know, do you? we don't have anything, I don't know, do you? we don't have anything, I don't know, do you? Yes.  We didn't just visit them. Yes.  We didn't just visit them. Yes.  We didn't just visit them. Yes.  We are both nothing. Yes.  We are both nothing. Yes.  We are both nothing. We visited them.   We're We visited them.   We're We visited them.   We're still doing business, aren't we? still doing business, aren't we? still doing business, aren't we? We also have a business, a shared business We also have a business, a shared business We also have a business, a shared business with a content creator.  Yes.  That's it. with a content creator.  Yes.  That's it. with a content creator.  Yes.  That's it. Then RC and I were able to talk, but Then RC and I were able to talk, but Then RC and I were able to talk, but I was already starting to become an I was already starting to become an I was already starting to become an affiliate.  Yes.  That's where I was inspired affiliate.  Yes.  That's where I was inspired affiliate.  Yes.  That's where I was inspired when RC said, "Can when RC said, "Can when RC said, "Can I tell you the numbers? He makes 50k I tell you the numbers? He makes 50k I tell you the numbers? He makes 50k a month."  Then a month."  Then a month."  Then I was really surprised because I was probably around 10, I was really surprised because I was probably around 10, I was really surprised because I was probably around 10, right?  You don't feel like you're 20, that's how it is right?  You don't feel like you're 20, that's how it is right?  You don't feel like you're 20, that's how it is .  But not yet .  But not yet .  But not yet 50. But you were surprised that it was so big 50. But you were surprised that it was so big 50. But you were surprised that it was so big because for 50k it seemed like it was only a little bit, because for 50k it seemed like it was only a little bit, because for 50k it seemed like it was only a little bit, but 50k was but 50k was but 50k was what I got from him, inspired me to want to what I got from him, inspired me to want to what I got from him, inspired me to want to affiliate, then when affiliate, then when affiliate, then when I affiliated I said we'll look into it, I affiliated I said we'll look into it, I affiliated I said we'll look into it, I can reach the one I'm affiliated with, I can reach the one I'm affiliated with, I can reach the one I'm affiliated with, this kind of thing, if there's something like that, this kind of thing, if there's something like that, this kind of thing, if there's something like that, we liked the apartment because it's we liked the apartment because it's we liked the apartment because it's my first time living alone with someone my first time living alone with someone my first time living alone with someone but we're together.  So it used to be that but we're together.  So it used to be that but we're together.  So it used to be that whenever there was an opportunity whenever there was an opportunity whenever there was an opportunity with money, the conversation seemed like I needed to with money, the conversation seemed like I needed to with money, the conversation seemed like I needed to study, so he studied too, so he's study, so he studied too, so he's study, so he studied too, so he's letting me in here now, guys.  As long as it's letting me in here now, guys.  As long as it's letting me in here now, guys.  As long as it's just a dog, there are really many opportunities just a dog, there are really many opportunities just a dog, there are really many opportunities here.  Yes.  As long as there is money, here.  Yes.  As long as there is money, here.  Yes.  As long as there is money, I will put I will put I will put my personality aside.  Now, it's like my personality aside.  Now, it's like my personality aside.  Now, it's like he doesn't have the opportunity, it's like he doesn't have what he has, he doesn't have the opportunity, it's like he doesn't have what he has, he doesn't have the opportunity, it's like he doesn't have what he has, he doesn't have enough time he doesn't have enough time he doesn't have enough time to even fully realize his niche.  Yes. to even fully realize his niche.  Yes. to even fully realize his niche.  Yes. As long as there is money or someone to go to work, As long as there is money or someone to go to work, As long as there is money or someone to go to work, let him prioritize.  Mm.  That's also where I let him prioritize.  Mm.  That's also where I let him prioritize.  Mm.  That's also where I met Chenny Boy, which is why I met Chenny Boy, which is why I met Chenny Boy, which is why I returned to the talk show for season 8.  We returned to the talk show for season 8.  We returned to the talk show for season 8.  We met there because there was an opportunity that met there because there was an opportunity that met there because there was an opportunity that I thought I could win.  That's not I thought I could win.  That's not I thought I could win.  That's not true.  So that's where Chenny Boy and I became close true.  So that's where Chenny Boy and I became close true.  So that's where Chenny Boy and I became close .  Until the very .  Until the very .  Until the very random Hong Kong forced me to random Hong Kong forced me to random Hong Kong forced me to work.  Before going to Hong Kong work.  Before going to Hong Kong work.  Before going to Hong Kong , the four of us were actually making video calls , the four of us were actually making video calls , the four of us were actually making video calls .  We actually talked about a few .  We actually talked about a few .  We actually talked about a few birthdays, even going to Hong Kong birthdays, even going to Hong Kong birthdays, even going to Hong Kong because I had somehow managed to save up because I had somehow managed to save up because I had somehow managed to save up .  Thank you, Lord.  Yes.  There's something wrong with her, .  Thank you, Lord.  Yes.  There's something wrong with her, .  Thank you, Lord.  Yes.  There's something wrong with her, guys, guys, guys, because if RC and I hadn't actually talked because if RC and I hadn't actually talked because if RC and I hadn't actually talked on February 14 about surprising on February 14 about surprising on February 14 about surprising May in Hong Kong, my bank might have been surprised too May in Hong Kong, my bank might have been surprised too May in Hong Kong, my bank might have been surprised too .  Because I .  Because I .  Because I really planned it, I said that May and I should have enough funds really planned it, I said that May and I should have enough funds really planned it, I said that May and I should have enough funds as much as possible, when as much as possible, when as much as possible, when we go to Hong Kong, I will fulfill we go to Hong Kong, I will fulfill we go to Hong Kong, I will fulfill May's wish that they be teachers, May's wish that they be teachers, May's wish that they be teachers, because it's our first time going because it's our first time going because it's our first time going internationally, because the first thing internationally, because the first thing internationally, because the first thing May and I talked about was that we didn't know, May and I talked about was that we didn't know, May and I talked about was that we didn't know, we had no idea where you were, where are you we had no idea where you were, where are you we had no idea where you were, where are you going, you guys are also like that, going, you guys are also like that, going, you guys are also like that, what are you, I'm comfortable with what are you, I'm comfortable with what are you, I'm comfortable with you, I've been with you on the show, and then there's you, I've been with you on the show, and then there's you, I've been with you on the show, and then there's your parenting, because your parenting, because your parenting, because I'm very comfortable with you guys, my I'm very comfortable with you guys, my I'm very comfortable with you guys, my parents are like that, I parents are like that, I parents are like that, I drank a lot [laughter] or so, because since season 4, or so, because since season 4, or so, because since season 4, I told you that I really I told you that I really I told you that I really looked up to you when I told looked up to you when I told looked up to you when I told you that I really looked up to you, because you that I really looked up to you, because you that I really looked up to you, because it's serious because it's serious because it's serious because you didn't say anything else when you didn't say anything else when you didn't say anything else when you exited, but you were happy, because you exited, but you were happy, because you exited, but you were happy, because of me, it's not like we don't have a of me, it's not like we don't have a of me, it's not like we don't have a good conversation, we don't have a conversation, we do good conversation, we don't have a conversation, we do good conversation, we don't have a conversation, we do n't have a company, n't have a company, n't have a company, but we don't have a serious conversation, but we don't have a serious conversation, but we don't have a serious conversation, mm, that's what it is, especially with you, I'm afraid that mm, that's what it is, especially with you, I'm afraid that mm, that's what it is, especially with you, I'm afraid that you've arrived at this age, you've arrived at this age, you've arrived at this age, you always  Remember, you you always  Remember, you you always  Remember, you will meet many people and will meet many people and will meet many people and hear many stories that you can hear many stories that you can hear many stories that you can tell to those around you, stories like that, tell to those around you, stories like that, tell to those around you, stories like that, but you should always give them the but you should always give them the but you should always give them the benefit of the doubt.  There are always benefit of the doubt.  There are always benefit of the doubt.  There are always two sides of the queen, besides, at the two sides of the queen, besides, at the two sides of the queen, besides, at the end of the day we are all human beings. end of the day we are all human beings. end of the day we are all human beings. We are designed to commit mistakes to be We are designed to commit mistakes to be We are designed to commit mistakes to be accountable accountable accountable to be accountable and to be accountable and to be accountable and to have a chance to do better.  Yes. to have a chance to do better.  Yes. to have a chance to do better.  Yes. Be where I am comfortable. Be where I am comfortable. Be where I am comfortable. I was also telling Ma that's why I was also telling Ma that's why I was also telling Ma that's why she told me that you guys wanted to be the ones she told me that you guys wanted to be the ones she told me that you guys wanted to be the ones to be with me.  There's no problem with to be with me.  There's no problem with to be with me.  There's no problem with me because I feel relieved me because I feel relieved me because I feel relieved that first of all, you that first of all, you that first of all, you immediately let May and I stay in your mansion, which is immediately let May and I stay in your mansion, which is immediately let May and I stay in your mansion, which is not true, you don't, not true, you don't, not true, you don't, you don't, you don't have any you don't, you don't have any you don't, you don't have any attraction for us, especially me, but I attraction for us, especially me, but I attraction for us, especially me, but I see.  Yes.  But see.  Yes.  But see.  Yes.  But I used to have high regard for teacher SH. I used to have high regard for teacher SH. I used to have high regard for teacher SH. Get down.   Come down Get down.   Come down Get down.   Come down .  It's not respect that .  It's not respect that .  It's not respect that he's just comfortable.  I'm just a portable he's just comfortable.  I'm just a portable he's just comfortable.  I'm just a portable teacher but that's where I'm teacher but that's where I'm teacher but that's where I'm so thankful to you, that's what so thankful to you, that's what so thankful to you, that's what I'm saying, that's what impressed me about you, that's what we did together, that's I'm saying, that's what impressed me about you, that's what we did together, that's why I want to go why I want to go why I want to go out of the country out of the country out of the country with Chenny Boy, Cenny Boy and I are happy with Chenny Boy, Cenny Boy and I are happy with Chenny Boy, Cenny Boy and I are happy when we're together inside, because that's how when we're together inside, because that's how when we're together inside, because that's how he is, he swallows whole iced he is, he swallows whole iced he is, he swallows whole iced tea, we started, the four of tea, we started, the four of tea, we started, the four of us in Hong Kong, that was the plan, the us in Hong Kong, that was the plan, the us in Hong Kong, that was the plan, the four of us would start vlogging, that's what four of us would start vlogging, that's what four of us would start vlogging, that's what you were like when we came home.  Yes. you were like when we came home.  Yes. you were like when we came home.  Yes. I said, "Oh, I'll send I said, "Oh, I'll send I said, "Oh, I'll send Choy over now so we can be Choy over now so we can be Choy over now so we can be here together."  Then I'm still nervous here together."  Then I'm still nervous here together."  Then I'm still nervous about May.  That's because he's angry at the homosexual who's so about May.  That's because he's angry at the homosexual who's so about May.  That's because he's angry at the homosexual who's so arrogant.  I told Chin, "It's not like arrogant.  I told Chin, "It's not like arrogant.  I told Chin, "It's not like that."  I said, "Right, Mitch, that."  I said, "Right, Mitch, that."  I said, "Right, Mitch, you've met Choy? He's nice. He's different you've met Choy? He's nice. He's different you've met Choy? He's nice. He's different , he's different. He's the one they're building for , he's different. He's the one they're building for , he's different. He's the one they're building for me."  Yes, I'm building Choy. me."  Yes, I'm building Choy. me."  Yes, I'm building Choy. He replied, "Oh, homosexuality is not forbidden in the He replied, "Oh, homosexuality is not forbidden in the He replied, "Oh, homosexuality is not forbidden in the house. You are the only homosexual in my life." house. You are the only homosexual in my life." house. You are the only homosexual in my life." I didn't say anything beautiful.  We I didn't say anything beautiful.  We I didn't say anything beautiful.  We said, "Yes, I was close to said, "Yes, I was close to said, "Yes, I was close to Chenny before." Chenny before." Chenny before." But I ended up in Hong Kong.  Yes, because But I ended up in Hong Kong.  Yes, because But I ended up in Hong Kong.  Yes, because I want to meet Mayenny, I want to meet Mayenny, I want to meet Mayenny, and then she's still on the show, and then she's still on the show, and then she's still on the show, she always tells me stories about that, what's that, she always tells me stories about that, what's that, she always tells me stories about that, what's that, mam, that's funny, Sienny, no, that's mam, that's funny, Sienny, no, that's mam, that's funny, Sienny, no, that's okay, she's like that, Chenny is like that, okay, she's like that, Chenny is like that, okay, she's like that, Chenny is like that, yes, she always tells me that yes, she always tells me that yes, she always tells me that she's kind, that's why I trust her, because she's kind, that's why I trust her, because she's kind, that's why I trust her, because she knows what I don't like, she knows what I don't like, she knows what I don't like, I'm not like a tomboy hater, guys, okay, I'm not like a tomboy hater, guys, okay, I'm not like a tomboy hater, guys, okay, I've only had bad experiences, I've only had bad experiences, I've only had bad experiences, several times, several times, several times, I was a high school girl, I was I was a high school girl, I was I was a high school girl, I was really cornered, she really misled me, it's like she's really cornered, she really misled me, it's like she's really cornered, she really misled me, it's like she's trying to force me to not be like the trying to force me to not be like the trying to force me to not be like the same sex, like that, like that. same sex, like that, like that. same sex, like that, like that. I said no.  Mm.  I just ate it I said no.  Mm.  I just ate it I said no.  Mm.  I just ate it because I'm a cleaner, so that's where because I'm a cleaner, so that's where because I'm a cleaner, so that's where my fear started, my fear started, my fear started, like maybe at that time they wouldn't like maybe at that time they wouldn't like maybe at that time they wouldn't hesitate to do that because it's just a girl to hesitate to do that because it's just a girl to hesitate to do that because it's just a girl to girl thing, just in case. girl thing, just in case. girl thing, just in case. That's what I overthought at that time, and That's what I overthought at that time, and That's what I overthought at that time, and besides that, I had other besides that, I had other besides that, I had other experiences.  So there were times when experiences.  So there were times when experiences.  So there were times when I felt like I had a friend who I felt like I had a friend who I felt like I had a friend who spread the word around school, saying, "What's wrong with me?" It was just the spread the word around school, saying, "What's wrong with me?" It was just the spread the word around school, saying, "What's wrong with me?" It was just the two of us.  So I have some things that two of us.  So I have some things that two of us.  So I have some things that he's bragging about.  Yes.  So it's been he's bragging about.  Yes.  So it's been he's bragging about.  Yes.  So it's been added.  It's been layered added.  It's been layered added.  It's been layered .  Not all of them, but that's it.  So .  Not all of them, but that's it.  So .  Not all of them, but that's it.  So when I got Choy, yes. when I got Choy, yes. when I got Choy, yes. You know, you know, Choy, when you're not You know, you know, Choy, when you're not You know, you know, Choy, when you're not around the area, I said, are around the area, I said, are around the area, I said, are you okay with Choy, Chen, you okay with Choy, Chen, you okay with Choy, Chen, how are you?  It's okay, how are you?  It's okay, how are you?  It's okay, Jen is okay.  He said he was kind. Jen is okay.  He said he was kind. Jen is okay.  He said he was kind. Besides, you can't hide May, neither she nor Besides, you can't hide May, neither she nor Besides, you can't hide May, neither she nor May can hide when she gets irritated and goes to the May can hide when she gets irritated and goes to the May can hide when she gets irritated and goes to the side.  There you go.  Yes.  That will look at side.  There you go.  Yes.  That will look at side.  There you go.  Yes.  That will look at me. me. me. That's one of the facts about me, guys That's one of the facts about me, guys That's one of the facts about me, guys .  There's something wrong with his face. .  There's something wrong with his face. .  There's something wrong with his face. The face has a subtitle, subtitle, title The face has a subtitle, subtitle, title The face has a subtitle, subtitle, title . . . We are the same in that part.  No, I really can't do We are the same in that part.  No, I really can't do that.  Where are you now? that.  Where are you now? that.  Where are you now? That's why we were formed and dreams were formed That's why we were formed and dreams were formed That's why we were formed and dreams were formed while we talked, that's why while we talked, that's why while we talked, that's why we are facing you guys we are facing you guys we are facing you guys .  How are we doing? When we started, .  How are we doing? When we started, .  How are we doing? When we started, I was the one who started posting.  The very I was the one who started posting.  The very I was the one who started posting.  The very first thing I posted about us was the first thing I posted about us was the first thing I posted about us was the acting challenge acting challenge acting challenge at Okada. at Okada. at Okada. No, but we're in Hong Kong, let's go No, but we're in Hong Kong, let's go No, but we're in Hong Kong, let's go . . . Yes.  It's not like Yes.  It's not like Yes.  It's not like our videos were delayed engagements when our videos were delayed engagements when our videos were delayed engagements when we got here to Okada and they we got here to Okada and they we got here to Okada and they watched the ones we had in Hong Kong, watched the ones we had in Hong Kong, watched the ones we had in Hong Kong, but but but Mitung and Mitch were just kidding about what was going on.  But Mitung and Mitch were just kidding about what was going on.  But Mitung and Mitch were just kidding about what was going on.  But because it's a trend, it's a trend, but because it's a trend, it's a trend, but because it's a trend, it's a trend, but he hit it, but the hope group is the hope group he hit it, but the hope group is the hope group he hit it, but the hope group is the hope group .  Yes, wow.  What happened that .  Yes, wow.  What happened that .  Yes, wow.  What happened that night when we left the hotel night when we left the hotel night when we left the hotel in Oo?  We're having a in Oo?  We're having a in Oo?  We're having a strawberry party.  You said it was strawberry party.  You said it was strawberry party.  You said it was self-defense.  Yes, please come to Hong self-defense.  Yes, please come to Hong self-defense.  Yes, please come to Hong Kong.  But for me at Okada, the Kong.  But for me at Okada, the Kong.  But for me at Okada, the guest singer is up until now, guest singer is up until now, guest singer is up until now, we've been streaming live content for four years, and we've been streaming live content for four years, and we've been streaming live content for four years, and after your birthday, after your birthday, after your birthday, M, Ger will give us.  He's running M, Ger will give us.  He's running M, Ger will give us.  He's running around, he's lost in the scene, so around, he's lost in the scene, so around, he's lost in the scene, so sometimes when he's with her, sometimes when he's with her, sometimes when he's with her, you send him away because you said there's only four of us, you you send him away because you said there's only four of us, you you send him away because you said there's only four of us, you really should be, we're really should be, we're really should be, we're not really going with him, running around, not really going with him, running around, not really going with him, running around, where is that really, that's why where is that really, that's why where is that really, that's why dreams are also realized dreams are also realized dreams are also realized again and the opportunity is here, again and the opportunity is here, again and the opportunity is here, so you know me, the opportunity is so you know me, the opportunity is so you know me, the opportunity is chasing, I'm chasing, I'm chasing because chasing, I'm chasing, I'm chasing because chasing, I'm chasing, I'm chasing because before, that's why we were stocked up even if there was an before, that's why we were stocked up even if there was an before, that's why we were stocked up even if there was an opportunity, I'm afraid to go back opportunity, I'm afraid to go back opportunity, I'm afraid to go back because there's so much because there's so much because there's so much we always talk about we always talk about we always talk about these things, even if there's a day like this.  So, these things, even if there's a day like this.  So, these things, even if there's a day like this.  So, okay, okay, and this is what we have okay, okay, and this is what we have okay, okay, and this is what we have because you have so many comments, I hope because you have so many comments, I hope because you have so many comments, I hope you don't get disunited like that. you don't get disunited like that. you don't get disunited like that. You know, in all the circles we've been in, You know, in all the circles we've been in, You know, in all the circles we've been in, I think my edge is where Ali is because I think my edge is where Ali is because I think my edge is where Ali is because we've also worked with many content we've also worked with many content we've also worked with many content creators, the edge is there, four of us, creators, the edge is there, four of us, creators, the edge is there, four of us, five of us.  Sorry [laughter] because 1 2 3 five of us.  Sorry [laughter] because 1 2 3 five of us.  Sorry [laughter] because 1 2 3 4 I was with five people.  You get it, so the 4 I was with five people.  You get it, so the 4 I was with five people.  You get it, so the five of us have the edge, the five of us have the edge, the five of us have the edge, the five of us.  We five of us.  We five of us.  We all know our weakest points.  We are not afraid all know our weakest points.  We are not afraid all know our weakest points.  We are not afraid to be vulnerable to someone, to be vulnerable to someone, to be vulnerable to someone, to be vulnerable in our minds.  But to be vulnerable in our minds.  But to be vulnerable in our minds.  But I was afraid of that before.  Mm.  Until I was afraid of that before.  Mm.  Until I was afraid of that before.  Mm.  Until it just broke down. it just broke down. it just broke down. He's taking a break on his own.  Mm.  That's what's He's taking a break on his own.  Mm.  That's what's He's taking a break on his own.  Mm.  That's what's needed.  The true friendship needed.  The true friendship needed.  The true friendship to talk about.  You can to talk about.  You can to talk about.  You can communicate with that friend. communicate with that friend. communicate with that friend. Our father cried and they told Our father cried and they told Our father cried and they told him it was normal, so they didn't him it was normal, so they didn't him it was normal, so they didn't talk about crying anymore, they just cried for talk about crying anymore, they just cried for talk about crying anymore, they just cried for us.  There is no such thing. us.  There is no such thing. us.  There is no such thing. And that's not being teased. And that's not being teased. And that's not being teased. That's different.  Maybe it's because we've That's different.  Maybe it's because we've That's different.  Maybe it's because we've all matured.  Yes, it's a all matured.  Yes, it's a all matured.  Yes, it's a different level because different level because different level because we guys are also teasing we guys are also teasing we guys are also teasing our content on other platforms.  You'll our content on other platforms.  You'll our content on other platforms.  You'll really see how we're really see how we're really see how we're being treated.  On and off the cam. being treated.  On and off the cam. being treated.  On and off the cam. That's really who we are.  We don't have a That's really who we are.  We don't have a That's really who we are.  We don't have a camera, you guys.  Repeat that, that, that, camera, you guys.  Repeat that, that, that, camera, you guys.  Repeat that, that, that, that.  It's like that.  It's like that.  It's like that's really us, sometimes we just that's really us, sometimes we just that's really us, sometimes we just repeat it, sometimes repeat it, sometimes repeat it, sometimes we forget, but what you see in the we forget, but what you see in the we forget, but what you see in the oncome is really us, as in, this is really oncome is really us, as in, this is really oncome is really us, as in, this is really me, this is really my attitude, I really me, this is really my attitude, I really me, this is really my attitude, I really scold Mit, that's really me, I really scold Mit, that's really me, I really scold Mit, that's really me, I really joke, the fight between me and my sister in the joke, the fight between me and my sister in the joke, the fight between me and my sister in the first vlog is really like that, first vlog is really like that, first vlog is really like that, but we're not enemies, yes, it's but we're not enemies, yes, it's but we're not enemies, yes, it's not because we're fighting, guys, not because we're fighting, guys, not because we're fighting, guys, I'm just quiet because I'm scared of him, he I'm just quiet because I'm scared of him, he I'm just quiet because I'm scared of him, he says [laughter] says [laughter] says [laughter] you talk outside the vlog, you talk outside the vlog, you talk outside the vlog, yes, that's the fight we really have, just yes, that's the fight we really have, just yes, that's the fight we really have, just answer it because it's like answer it because it's like answer it because it's like I'm just fighting for my team, I'm just fighting for my team, I'm just fighting for my team, he's fighting for his team, it's like that in the he's fighting for his team, it's like that in the he's fighting for his team, it's like that in the game, but if we fight in real game, but if we fight in real game, but if we fight in real life, we're not like that, life, we're not like that, life, we're not like that, no, but after that, we'll go out, no, but after that, we'll go out, yeah, we're yeah, we're yeah, we're not like that, right? The outro, not like that, right? The outro, not like that, right? The outro, I love him, it's like a I love him, it's like a I love him, it's like a fight, maybe because he's matured, fight, maybe because he's matured, fight, maybe because he's matured, because we're going to fight now, when we because we're going to fight now, when we because we're going to fight now, when we talked about it, okay, okay, we explained, we talked about it, okay, okay, we explained, we talked about it, okay, okay, we explained, we apologized, sorry, and apologized, sorry, and apologized, sorry, and we talked about it, and if there's a we talked about it, and if there's a we talked about it, and if there's a problem, we won't communicate, problem, we won't communicate, problem, we won't communicate, guys, we'll open a forum, because instead  There's guys, we'll open a forum, because instead  There's guys, we'll open a forum, because instead  There's no problem with the other one, maybe they heard no problem with the other one, maybe they heard no problem with the other one, maybe they heard that, maybe there's a problem, it's that, maybe there's a problem, it's that, maybe there's a problem, it's directed, not for us to joke around, directed, not for us to joke around, directed, not for us to joke around, for example, Chen and Mitch, just the for example, Chen and Mitch, just the for example, Chen and Mitch, just the two of them, they'll talk, there's two of them, they'll talk, there's two of them, they'll talk, there's no more gossiping, no more gossiping, no more gossiping, because that's what we've learned. because that's what we've learned. because that's what we've learned. Yes.  You guys are starting to have Yes.  You guys are starting to have Yes.  You guys are starting to have hidden animosity like that, so hidden animosity like that, so hidden animosity like that, so here, guys, in this group, here, guys, in this group, here, guys, in this group, we work together. we work together. we work together. Yes.   It's Yes.   It's Yes.   It's really not possible to just do nothing here, that's why really not possible to just do nothing here, that's why really not possible to just do nothing here, that's why I was motivated by I was motivated by I was motivated by how great long videos are. how great long videos are. how great long videos are. You already have a video, you've already posted something. You already have a video, you've already posted something. You already have a video, you've already posted something. You know, it's like that, there should be something like that You know, it's like that, there should be something like that You know, it's like that, there should be something like that today.  That's me, that's my job today.  That's me, that's my job today.  That's me, that's my job with them every day.  I check with them every day.  I check with them every day.  I check the contacts actually every night. the contacts actually every night. the contacts actually every night. You've already edited them. Jesus, what's wrong with me? What's wrong with you? You've already edited them. Jesus, what's wrong with me? What's wrong with you? May is productive.  They say we will be in the movie because May is productive.  They say we will be in the movie because May is productive.  They say we will be in the movie because [laughter] May [laughter] May [laughter] May madam edited it.  Because you guys know that was madam edited it.  Because you guys know that was madam edited it.  Because you guys know that was my TikTok before I came here to be a my TikTok before I came here to be a my TikTok before I came here to be a teacher, I only post there twice a month teacher, I only post there twice a month teacher, I only post there twice a month .  Although I'm active on .  Although I'm active on .  Although I'm active on Facebook, I'm not overly active. Facebook, I'm not overly active. Facebook, I'm not overly active. It's not like there's one upload every day, it's not like It's not like there's one upload every day, it's not like It's not like there's one upload every day, it's not like that.  I'm probably that.  I'm probably that.  I'm probably on Facebook four times a week, but on Facebook four times a week, but on Facebook four times a week, but I'm really going to give up on TikTok I'm really going to give up on TikTok because I'm not into that anymore, because I'm not into that anymore, because I'm not into that anymore, and I've lost my passion, and I've lost my passion, and I've lost my passion, my passion for my passion for my passion for creating content.  It's like I'm creating content.  It's like I'm creating content.  It's like I'm just creating my content on Facebook so just creating my content on Facebook so just creating my content on Facebook so I can give it to I can give it to I can give it to people around us.  It's not because people around us.  It's not because people around us.  It's not because I'm still really passionate about them, it's just because I'm still really passionate about them, it's just because I'm still really passionate about them, it's just because I have the funds for them, it's just like that I have the funds for them, it's just like that I have the funds for them, it's just like that .  Until you went to Hong Kong. .  Until you went to Hong Kong. .  Until you went to Hong Kong. I saw the beauty of the world. I saw the beauty of the world. I saw the beauty of the world. I saw that there was a Yes.  My weight has increased. I saw that there was a Yes.  My weight has increased. I saw that there was a Yes.  My weight has increased. Um, seriously, we didn't Um, seriously, we didn't Um, seriously, we didn't really try to motivate really try to motivate really try to motivate those two guys because when those two guys because when those two guys because when we were talking to them, we were talking to them, we were talking to them, we said we couldn't post like that.  Someone said, we said we couldn't post like that.  Someone said, we said we couldn't post like that.  Someone said, how many of you have been how many of you have been how many of you have been posting?  We said four to one, but posting?  We said four to one, but posting?  We said four to one, but we couldn't do that.  you that's why we couldn't do that.  you that's why we couldn't do that.  you that's why we say you can't do it we say you can't do it we say you can't do it because no because we can't do because no because we can't do because no because we can't do it now he can post that much too it now he can post that much too we really pushed them really we really pushed them really we really pushed them really hard so hard so hard so sometimes because it's not about being sometimes because it's not about being sometimes because it's not about being controlling mm because it's one of the habits that controlling mm because it's one of the habits that controlling mm because it's one of the habits that Ali and I have when we see that Ali and I have when we see that Ali and I have when we see that someone has great potential we don't someone has great potential we don't someone has great potential we don't stop like that too yeah stop like that too yeah stop like that too yeah before we really pushed it so that's just before we really pushed it so that's just before we really pushed it so that's just if you don't really trust if you don't really trust if you don't really trust yourself, you'll let go of the yourself, you'll let go of the yourself, you'll let go of the friendship that we have because we're not we're friendship that we have because we're not we're friendship that we have because we're not we're not we're just a friendship that's all about not we're just a friendship that's all about not we're just a friendship that's all about drinking and gossiping we're not like drinking and gossiping we're not like drinking and gossiping we're not like that and we also came to them that and we also came to them that and we also came to them we're not really like that anymore Mitch and we're not really like that anymore Mitch and we're not really like that anymore Mitch and I don't want to drink I don't want to drink I don't want to drink and we rarely and we rarely and we rarely socialize.  Mm.  They feel like socialize.  Mm.  They feel like socialize.  Mm.  They feel like they have no friends anymore because they are so far away they have no friends anymore because they are so far away they have no friends anymore because they are so far away .  How is that? .  How is that? .  How is that? I haven't said message to I haven't said message to I haven't said message to feature yet.  No.  Are you done there in feature yet.  No.  Are you done there in feature yet.  No.  Are you done there in Hong Kong?  No more.  You have something else to say. Hong Kong?  No more.  You have something else to say. Hong Kong?  No more.  You have something else to say. No more.  [clears throat] Be kind to yourself No more.  [clears throat] Be kind to yourself No more.  [clears throat] Be kind to yourself .  I hope .  I hope .  I hope your back is feeling better. your back is feeling better. your back is feeling better. According to.  To my future self, I'm According to.  To my future self, I'm According to.  To my future self, I'm proud of you because you've overcome everything proud of you because you've overcome everything proud of you because you've overcome everything since you were a child.  Okay.  And since you were a child.  Okay.  And since you were a child.  Okay.  And I hope you are happy with the I hope you are happy with the I hope you are happy with the dreams you are building with the group dreams you are building with the group dreams you are building with the group you have now.  And I hope you have now.  And I hope you have now.  And I hope you're just lying down to rest in the world you're just lying down to rest in the world you're just lying down to rest in the world you lived in before because you're already very you lived in before because you're already very you lived in before because you're already very tired, but tired, but tired, but of course, the passion is still there.  But as long of course, the passion is still there.  But as long of course, the passion is still there.  But as long as you've helped your family and as you've helped your family and as you've helped your family and friends, you can rest in the friends, you can rest in the friends, you can rest in the room you have.  What room did room you have.  What room did room you have.  What room did you build?  You've built a very large room for you build?  You've built a very large room for you build?  You've built a very large room for you to relax in. you to relax in. you to relax in. That's your dream.  Mm. That's your dream.  Mm. That's your dream.  Mm. It can create a room.  You can It can create a room.  You can It can create a room.  You can just pick it up when you get home. just pick it up when you get home. just pick it up when you get home. Bust bed. Bust bed. Bust bed. Master bed.  I want Master bed.  I want Master bed.  I want dream houses to be that big.  That's dream houses to be that big.  That's dream houses to be that big.  That's the dream house you dreamed of today, the dream house you dreamed of today, the dream house you dreamed of today, when you dreamed of it before, you got it, when you dreamed of it before, you got it, when you dreamed of it before, you got it, you can now relax, you can now relax, you can now relax, that's scary, that's scary, that's scary, there's something that can relax you, there's something that can relax you, there's something that can relax you, I told you, because long-term content I told you, because long-term content I told you, because long-term content wants the day to come when wants the day to come when wants the day to come when his money works for him, his money works for him, his money works for him, I'm on my way, so I need to I'm on my way, so I need to I'm on my way, so I need to talk to you for a long time, it's only been a few minutes since talk to you for a long time, it's only been a few minutes since talk to you for a long time, it's only been a few minutes since you became successful in the business you were you became successful in the business you were you became successful in the business you were thinking about, there are so many businesses you're thinking about. thinking about, there are so many businesses you're thinking about. thinking about, there are so many businesses you're thinking about. And And And there you go, I hope those there you go, I hope those there you go, I hope those around you are healthy, you are healthy, around you are healthy, you are healthy, around you are healthy, you are healthy, your family is healthy and you have many cars. your family is healthy and you have many cars. your family is healthy and you have many cars. Congrats on the sports, just for the future Congrats on the sports, just for the future Congrats on the sports, just for the future self of group 5, congratulations guys on self of group 5, congratulations guys on self of group 5, congratulations guys on financial freedom. financial freedom. financial freedom. Yes. Yes. Yes. Go. Go. Go. Oh, bye May, you'll enjoy your license. Oh, bye May, you'll enjoy your license. Oh, bye May, you'll enjoy your license. That's 10 years.  Fix That's 10 years.  Fix That's 10 years.  Fix your picture, it will be replaced in 10 years your picture, it will be replaced in 10 years your picture, it will be replaced in 10 years on the license, on the license, on the license, that's what I was photographed with, that's what I was photographed with, that's what I was photographed with, I didn't get it, that's not mine, that's what I got, I didn't get it, that's not mine, that's what I got, I didn't get it, that's not mine, that's what I got, no, but it's no, but it's no, but it's legit, look at mine, it hasn't been legit, look at mine, it hasn't been legit, look at mine, it hasn't been replaced, it hasn't been replaced, it's replaced, it hasn't been replaced, it's replaced, it hasn't been replaced, it's just a student permit, it's not just a student permit, it's not just a student permit, it's not there anymore, it's not that, it's not that, I know that, I don't know, I don't know, there anymore, it's not that, it's not that, I know that, I don't know, I don't know, there anymore, it's not that, it's not that, I know that, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, you can't get a student permit, what's you can't get a student permit, what's you can't get a student permit, what's painted on you, it's so painted on you, it's so painted on you, it's so beautiful, not just beautiful, not just beautiful, not just for me, it's for all of us, Mm, for me, it's for all of us, Mm, for me, it's for all of us, Mm, you pulled it out, so it's for But it's for you pulled it out, so it's for But it's for you pulled it out, so it's for But it's for all of us too.  For all of us too.  For all of us too.  For me, huh?  This is not just for me, me, huh?  This is not just for me, me, huh?  This is not just for me, it's for you. it's for you. it's for you. Save your money Save your money Save your money I forgot about my skin earlier.  There is a I forgot about my skin earlier.  There is a I forgot about my skin earlier.  There is a lot of life.  Why are you in the ukada? lot of life.  Why are you in the ukada? lot of life.  Why are you in the ukada? Thank you, relax.  Relax. Thank you, relax.  Relax. Thank you, relax.  Relax. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Experience the present rather than Experience the present rather than Experience the present rather than reveling in the past.  Okay.  So, they say, reveling in the past.  Okay.  So, they say, reveling in the past.  Okay.  So, they say, dwell on your past experiences dwell on your past experiences dwell on your past experiences because that's a good topic.  Yes. because that's a good topic.  Yes. because that's a good topic.  Yes. Our topic is Our topic is Our topic is content. content. content. So experience a present rather than So experience a present rather than So experience a present rather than revelling in the reveling in what revelling in the reveling in what revelling in the reveling in what we call our own we call our own we call our own youtubers guys?  [laughter] youtubers guys?  [laughter] youtubers guys?  [laughter] Because we already have 20k subscribers. Because we already have 20k subscribers. Because we already have 20k subscribers. Hey happy 20k subscribers guys.  Wait, by the way.  We're not doing this, guys.  Wait, by the way.  We're not doing this, guys.  Wait, by the way.  We're not doing this, guys.  It was only the first day that guys.  It was only the first day that guys.  It was only the first day that we uploaded the first vlog, which is vlog we uploaded the first vlog, which is vlog we uploaded the first vlog, which is vlog one.   It one.   It one.   It just opened at 7:00 p.m.  It just opened at 7:00 p.m.  It just opened at 7:00 p.m.  It is currently 11 p.m. is currently 11 p.m. is currently 11 p.m. We've only just reached 20k subs, so in the future, We've only just reached 20k subs, so in the future, We've only just reached 20k subs, so in the future, how many play buttons will how many play buttons will how many play buttons will you display? [whispers] you display? [whispers] you display? [whispers] You guys have a play button, so in the future You guys have a play button, so in the future You guys have a play button, so in the future group, don't be too good because group, don't be too good because group, don't be too good because Mr. Beast has already passed away because of [laughter] it's not possible because not possible because not possible because Mr.  [laughter] Mr.  [laughter] Mr.  [laughter] You know, it's very confusing because You know, it's very confusing because You know, it's very confusing because our host was the one who messed up in the our host was the one who messed up in the our host was the one who messed up in the first vlog. first vlog. first vlog. Okay, so next vlog.  Who else will host the Okay, so next vlog.  Who else will host the Okay, so next vlog.  Who else will host the next vlog?  RC or good friend, next vlog?  RC or good friend, next vlog?  RC or good friend, I'm the host. I'm the host. I'm the host. Not just there.   I Not just there.   I Not just there.   I hope I'm good at that. hope I'm good at that. hope I'm good at that. Special thanks to Dentcast.  [whispering] Special thanks to Dentcast.  [whispering] Special thanks to Dentcast.  [whispering] Thank you Dentcast Thank you Dentcast Thank you Dentcast guys.  Dencast has already taken five of us. guys.  Dencast has already taken five of us. guys.  Dencast has already taken five of us. Yes.  [whispering] Why is your voice so high? Why is your voice so high? Why is your voice so high? Thank you, Lord.  Thank Thank you, Lord.  Thank Thank you, Lord.  Thank you. you. you. The Dencas family has grown. The Dencas family has grown. The Dencas family has grown. Yay! Yay! Yay! My hand is high.  Sorry. My hand is high.  Sorry. My hand is high.  Sorry. Don't forget to Don't forget to Don't forget to like, comment, share, subscribe like, comment, share, subscribe like, comment, share, subscribe to the group Bye.  [squeak]