It's 12 o'clock on a Wednesday and this is the Wizard Product Review. I'm Dave. I'm Sean. I'm Wayne. And on this week's show, first of all, we've cut Pyro Wolly, which Blevo's not too keen on. He don't like it. He knew what was coming then. It's alright, this is our second take, but at least he stayed on the sofa this time. It's alright, Blevo, it's alright. It's like when we did that balloon trick on the Wizard Product Review. So, Pyro Wollit by Illusionist. It's available from Illusionist.com and Adam Wilber. First of all, guys, Sean, what is the Pyro Wollit? It's basically, I mean, I know you've always liked it, the flames from Wollit, but with bells on, so rather than just producing flames from your wallet and you're standing there going, n-n-n-neat and sometimes it's not working, but you've got an actual very classy, well-made wallet and instead of the flames coming from it, you actually produce a business card or a bank note and that comes out on fire like Dave just showed you. It is lovely. It pops out, you blow it out and then you hand your business card out to the, to, to your customer and you've now got a souvenir that they're going to remember forever. They're going to say, oh, the magician gave this card, you don't even believe what happened. I know only that. Adam also discusses on the DVD some tricks you can do with it where the, you say that I've burned all the ink off the business card and then they look down when you put the card on the table and a few seconds later all the ink is re-appeared. That's readily available, isn't it? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That is blank and then your card actually prints, but literally, I can't stress this enough, every single time you bring out your business card, it is going to be on fire and this thing works every single time. It's brilliant. It comes with a bonus effect called the Vanish and eyebrows as well, doesn't it? It looks brilliant and you can fit sort of five or six business cards in there. We did it in there guys. I've already been using this at a gig. I was at a crypt the other day. It's underground and it's really dark in there and like literally every single time I started a crowd, I took a business card out, business card bursts into flames, leave the business card there, go straight into your pitch. It, it was like a magnet. How it drew people over. It's fire. I know. That's great to start off with fire and who wants to see it, big flash of flames. That's it. I think it's important to stress as well. This is, if you've had an old fire wallet, the mechanism is completely different. Yes. And a lot, lot better as well. None of this going on. Yeah, none of that going on. Yeah, nothing, nothing like that. It's brilliant. Yeah, it's the best ignition system that I've seen in a wallet of this kind. I know things like this have been out before and that's spoken about on the tutorial that Adam goes through, but this is far superior to anything that's ever been out before. It's a very nice wallet as well as the ignition system, which is on the right of the wallet and an area that keeps your cards, which have been pre-prepared. That only takes about a minute and a half to prepare six cards. Not even that. It's so easy. And Adam says he, he prepares them for his whole gig, puts them in his wallet and then they're there for the whole gig. He says sometimes he goes around doing it all night and you know, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're See that fascinated me that they're all prepared like that and you can walk around. I thought it was a great thing. I honestly thought you were doing one at a time. Just the fact that you can keep going in there. Yeah. And I think for me, where this is going to earn its money back is not only at gigs, it's at wedding exhibitions. Yeah. I always do a big wedding exhibition every year. And if you start a pitch and you've got three or four people there and you think, right, I'll start now and I'll go into my pitch. If you start with that and you're going to catch six or seven people's eyes, you only need one of those to come up, then listen to that pitch who would have walked past and book you for their wedding. You're going to pay for this five, six times over. It really is a lovely piece of kit. I am going to use it. I've already been out and used it along with other things on the wizard product review today. This is going to get a very good review. We are ending the year on a high. I will mention as well that I'm using kind of like laminate style business cards. I know Adam doesn't recommend that, but you look at that card. That's been on fire. You can't tell. You can't. Depending on the length of time that it is on fire with a laminate card, it'll still be okay. These ones, which are just from Vista print, they stand up and they've got the, uh, the raise spot UV on and everything. And they are not affected at all. Uh, that one's gone a bit bubbly, but you could just give another card out, but he does recommend normal sort of cardboard ones, but most of the time, very good enough shape proof of the pudding. Yeah. I'm giving this no surprise. Exactly. 100%. He's got to get it. It's got to get it. Mine's on its way as well. 100%. I can't wait. I cannot wait to be doing this. Yeah. 100% from me as well. Everyone's going to do it on the end of their day. Don't worry about it. It's always a product review. We all think it's one of the best Fire wallet type things we've ever seen. The ignition system works every single time. It's first class. And next up, we've got Unseen and Dave sent me the trailer and I watched the trailer and I thought that was great. So I watched the video and I thought I'd put the wrong video on. I thought I was watching the beginning of Taken. I'd expect him the guy to very early in his kitchen with all the like he was like a making a serial killer movie taped to ransom somebody. I expected Liam Nees to come on saying... You said he looks like a hostage. Oh yeah he looks like he's the guy that's got the hostage. He looks like you know there's somebody pulled all out of his shop tied up. That's the tutorial it's about 20 minutes and then you put the trailer on the trailer's how he actually kidnapped the girl. Yeah and you start listening to the instructions and it says for this trick you're gonna need a very specialist set of skills. A craft knife. A playing card. Yeah anyway so what is the effect? The effect is and it's very simple and it's a playing card appearing on the risk spectators hand. Obviously it's not as pure as that and the way that you... Sign card to spectators hand. That's a God miracle. It's not quite that pure you've got to give a few things away so what actually happens is you start off with the playing card box on your hand with the cards you signed it and a banknote folded in half on top of the playing card box. Right yeah. You take... I always do that don't you Wayne? All the time. Have a banknote just resting on my table. Well that's why you use your tips from the last table. Good point. Hey! You're gonna pay for itself again. Subtle. So you take your tips and you're just gonna put my tips from the last table over here. Under your hand. Yeah you take the folded banknote and you put it underneath the spectators hand over here or on top of their hands like this and we then have the card picked signed or whatever. You then use I think he uses a rubber dub to vanish. I think he definitely does. To vanish the card. I think that's what he did. And then they lift up their hand and then sandwiched in between the banknote is now a playing card. You lift up the playing card and put it on top of the pack turnover and then it is the signed playing card. And then the woman like freaks out for a full-on minute and a half going oh my god it's the best thing ever. It's like she's some kind of actress. Oh she was worried for life if she didn't react like that. She was going to end up in one of his next videos. He was in the background. Yeah. I'm gonna have you. Right so you get a gimmick card with it. The gimmick card is supplied. It tells you how to repair the gimmick card as well. Yeah. And you get taught through all the motivation behind it. It's got some clever touches. What is clever is how you can't see the card when it's in it. Let's just put out its rest position. Yeah. And it's just resting on top of the card case. You can pick up the banknote. Put it under the spectators hand. For me the thing that was lacking in this project is the justification to have this banknote. Yeah. Wait. You do. What happens is that there is like literally a banknote on the card box and you have to ask why is it there? What is it? Unless you could tie it in with something and some kind of routine but it does seem a little bit... It doesn't say anything does it? No it doesn't and it just goes off really. I can't see the point of that. And at the end they lift up their hand. There's the card. The card is very dirty at that point so you've got to pick that card up straight away and turn it over on the top of the pack. That would be the big. That scares you does it right. Yeah. Well you are quite new to magic. It's alright. Once you learn some audience management. I just need some audience management. That's all it is. You need to stand with your hands here so their hands can't ready to go. You just be like that. I'm going to try that tonight. That's going to work. How much you're going to give this? I take it you're not going to do it just yet Wayne. You're going to think about it for a while. I'm not going to be able to do this. That's what it is. I'm not going to be able to do this. You're not going to be able to do this. Keep practicing Wayne don't you Bob. The gimmick was nice. It's going to break. You are going to keep repairing it. From me 30%. Well do you know what I think. Well I'm kind of with Wayne on that one. Before you vote. Can you do this on your video. Yeah. And then it is going to look quite strong. And watching it back on a video. You can have your guy at the Goliath every year. He puts a bank note under his hand. Hey Beth. Put a letter to Beth on with me at the casino. Yeah and it appears on the video. I can see you doing this. I'm excited to see this. Am I reviewing this for me for one specific video that's going to happen once and then never happen again or am I reviewing it for the people watching the show. I have to make a difficult opinion. I think for my own opinion then maybe that could be quite a good idea. I don't think I'm going to do it though. So I'm going to get a little bit higher than Wayne because I think it will work. It will work for somebody that wants to make a social media video. So I'm going to give it 52%. Right I think you just need to get Doc Eason's card under glass and create the same effect in people's minds of things going from here to here. Yeah. Unbelievable conditions. Get that. Get yourself an education in magic and become a better magician in the long run rather than getting gimmicks to do everything for you. You know if you're a young boy or girl getting into magic wake up. It's not going to do everything for you. It's not going to do everything for you. No. Learn some sleight of hand. My biggest thing. We're in the middle of Christmas now. So while we're at my nice lovely barless show type audience at the minute I've got that round of Christmas audience. My staple trick all I'm doing at the minute when I'm table hopping is cards under glass. Yeah. Without that and I'm not going to change really. I don't think. Yeah. It's under their hand. That's the bit he's selling. That's the bit that's exciting. But when you watch it, it's not that exciting. Not even as good. Doc Eason's card under glass. Get it. Next up from Jeff Copeland. Tresor. Let's talk about coin magic shall we? Yeah. Let's. This is why Wayne took this one. What is it? Just look at it when you open it up. It looks just. Let's have a look. It just felt great opening that up. It felt. So it's like a collector's set with two coins in there. Are they gimmick? Am I watching QVC? I know. What's going on? These are lovely chunky heavy coins. Almost made. Almost made for doing coin magic. Come on. There it was. This is an absolute lovely refreshing look at coin magic because I've always said when I was a kid and I was learning coin magic from a book. Yeah. You'd end up going off for me to go and see Bobby Bernard sitting down in Davenport showing him that I was doing something. He'd be saying, no, you're doing it wrong. And I've been learning it wrong from the book. So to see it in film for coin magic is one thing. It's just brilliant. But this concentrates on one of the first moves you learned in coin magic, which was the French drop. Everybody sat there. We all learned the French drop to work out how it worked. This goes through so many different avenues on ways that you can switch coins in spellbound moves as well as making coins vanish and reappear from a French drop position. So it's all baked. That's like the basic ergonomics comes from the French drop. But am I right? I'm really naive when it comes to coin magic. You're far more of an expert when you have your column in vanish coin grifter info, which obviously people can go back and look at some of these techniques. They seem pretty radical and modern. When you look at the trailer, I've only looked at the trailer. There are a couple of flashy little moves in there, which I've not seen. And I consider myself as a seasoned coin maker. So new stuff. Yeah, there are some new little moves in there, which in fairness are very, very quick. You would have a little bit of an angle issue with a couple of them. So that's up to you for all the management to sit down and work it. But to actually stand there and to be doing something really refreshing, really, really quick to grab someone's order. It's like we're talking about the fire wallet. If you go up there and you do something really quick and visual, you're going to capture their imagination. So it's not a DVD. So it's a downloadable video. Downloaded with it. How long is it roughly? How long is the trailer? An hour and a half. I think we put on there. It's got some lovely bits in there. And I'll tell you what I like about it. The close ups. Right. There's not enough close ups in videos when they're doing technical stuff. So if you've got a product and they're going, right. You see this little bit here. You've got to shove that down there. You put, there's no close up with this. They're easy or shaped there. If he's coming up to do some kind of point switch as he's coming in, you have another camera angle here and you can see all the lists at any one point. So you can see what you're looking at, which is a similar thing I did with my video CGI. But this, the camera's out here and it shows you exactly where the coins going to be going. Whereas before, a lot of the videos are probably front. Who's this project for? When I know it's Jeff's really presented this project. Well, it's in a really lovely sort of collectors. Let me point out something as well. Just before I say that what I love about this is that he credits everybody. Yeah. He's got books there piled up. So as he's doing it, obviously he'll stop and go, let me just point out very quickly on another page. He's probably worried about people attacking him on the magic. Who's this for? If you're going to buy it, who's it for? I would, would you, you obviously enjoyed it. I did really enjoy it. I'm not a couple of things from it. I would, someone who wants to get into coin magic, especially, I would definitely say go for this. Go for it. Cause it really is. And the coins are very nice. Nicely milled on the edges. Cause they are, they can handle the very, they're nicely weighted. You're the only one that's watched it all the way and how much you're going to give it. And maybe 90%. 90%. So are you going to use some of the techniques in there? There are a couple of boots in there. No, I will go in there. I've given my score. It's not, but if you're going to use it, it's going to go on. Right. 91. 91%. Right. So there are a couple of moves in there where I will use. So 91% for treasure. Timeless by Jael Miranda. A lot of people been talking about this. Uh, I've had this for a while now, a couple of weeks. Used it at every single gig, every single gig, walk around, close up, parlour shows. Haven't done it in a big show yet, but I would. Cause it's brilliant. I didn't realise how I've only actually I've seen the videos of it. I've seen videos of David doing on it. I've come into the magic shop this morning and played with it for a few hours. I cannot believe how satisfying it is to do either. It's brilliant. It's not as big as it looks as well. When you see it on the video, you put your hand against it like that. It's not that big when it's in the package. Yeah. And I've just been literally going up to tables showing it. So, you know, let me just leave this over here. Amazon literally deliver everywhere these days during the course of a routine. Now, what I've been doing is coin based. So I've been bending a coin. Yeah. And then after I've bent the coin, I've been taking that bent coin after they've checked it and apparently putting it into my top pocket and just saying, I need to hang on to that because it's defacing the Queen. It's actually illegal. Then a few of the effects go by five or six minutes later. We open the package and the coin is discovered in a brilliant sort of nest of boxes style way. Now, I know a lot of people have been saying that it's been saying it's unnatural. It's unnatural to have a watch and it be in the back of a watch. But there is a lot of magic that is unnatural. It's not unnatural. Why? Why? Putting an egg in a bag is unnatural. But if you could click your fingers and you'd be doing Jeff Hobson's routine. This is where I completely disagree with this whole viewpoint of magic. That is not unnatural. Magicians can do magic with weird objects. That is what we do. Unnatural would be the egg bag, putting the egg in the bag by having to rub it on your head three times, put it on your leg and put it under there like that. And the whole movement doesn't make sense. That makes that trick. Unnatural. The egg bags would just drop the egg in the bag. That's a very natural way of doing it. So, magicians can do magic with strange and interesting props. That's what makes us enjoyable. Let's show you what this looks like by unpacking it. Look at Jeff, we're doing it on countdown. We're going to unpack this. It can be shown on all sides clearly. In the action of just going and getting it, you are then ready to unpack it. You can slice this with an X-Acto knife as I did at a gig. Every single time I've done this, I've asked the spectator to lift this out and support it with their hands. So you can do that for me. Sean, take it out. Support it with your hand. That goes down there. And they can undo the ribbon. And once again, the spectator is doing this entirely themselves. This box can be shown on all sides. Because again, I saw something else on a forum that one magic dealer had said, props, this can all be handled freely by a spectator. People had jumped on him and said, yes, but can it be examined? It shouldn't have to be examined. In the real world, you don't go, now examine that box. Make sure there's everything. It can be handled freely. I forget who put that. One magic dealer put, this can all be handled freely. And it can. It can. But people were commenting and going, yes, can it be examined? I don't know what those people were on about. But inside here, now you've got this watch. And the watch, this is the classic version. It does come in the sports watch version as well. And what I've been doing is then taking it out after showing my hands empty, putting it on somebody's hand so you can be the spectator, Sean, curl your fingers around it. I then get them to give it a shake. They then discover there's something inside. There is a time delay. They don't know what it is. In fact, the other night, the last time I performed it, I said, what? It's come loose. Something's loose in there. Like the watch was broken or something, which well, but I've only done it once. You then asked them to open their hand and you unscrew it in front of them. And in my case, with coin vexed, that bent coin is then rediscovered inside there, inside the watch. There's nothing to see here, just a black stand. And the whole thing resets in less than a minute. It's actually brilliant. And when you know how it's done, it's even more brilliant. It is incredible. It's not cheap. That goes without saying it's not a cheap piece of equipment. But what it does for me, and I think this is lacking in a lot of close up magician performances, is they lack that sort of theatre, that larger production value with their club. A lot of guys, you know, I've not criticising them, but a lot of people think it's cool to have very minimalistic props and say, yeah, I only take this pencil case along and I can do two and a half hours. I know what you're saying, because you've helped me out with my stage show. And just by you helping me, my stage show is... But I do mean for close up. That's what I'm saying. But by your thinking, the way you think when you're consulting, you bring that into the close up field. And I think that is what a lot of magicians should be doing. Well, they don't. I think when you're working, when you're performing at the table, something like this, and I flew this all the way across the world the other day to go and do one gig and I made sure I took this with me because it's so strong for me now. Because you can end an act with multiple finales if you want to. You've got a bottle through a table, whatever else. And then you've got this at the end. But an effect like this, it feels like an ending. And I think sometimes for an audience, they need to really know it's the end. And feel like an ending. And when you go through all this process of taking all this thing apart and you showed this box at the start, it adds that theatre to it and it feels very great. It feels like the end stage allusion. I think there's another way for close up magicians to think as well. And you know I'll do this. I will give the impression, not necessarily to the booker, but to the delegates at the event, that I am that guy with the pencil case. And by the end of it, that's who they think you are. And by the end of it, what they don't know is you've got all these things set up around the room. And it all starts going off. And all the big finale stuff. Boom, boom, boom, boom. And so you can still look cool like the guy with the pencil case. But have these things set all ready to just go and kill them all. It's brilliant. It's the best thing I've seen in years and years and years. Yeah, I think I'm going to go as far as saying it's one of the best things I've ever seen on the Wizard of Pride review that suits me personally, my own performance style. The price of it, not good for everybody I know, but I got it straight away. I loved it. I think it's fantastic. I think it's one of the best made. I think it's one of the best ingenious things I've ever seen. Don't spend good money on researching it and making it. I'm a huge fan of Tommy wonders and I've always loved his Nestor Boxers and to be able to do something of that level in a close up environment, but it still be good enough for cabaret stage or parlor. This product's like a dream. It's easily the best product of the year. As far as I'm concerned, I can't give it any more than 100 percent, but it's getting exactly 100 percent. But I'm going to go on record and say this is the best product of this year. And as is the last wizard product review of 2018, I can say that with confidence. Absolutely. 100 percent from me as well. Absolutely 100 percent. And it is for me as well. 100 percent. Yeah, it's good. We don't like everything that this company brings out. We haven't liked everything. We are 100 percent honest on the Wizard of Pride review. But credit where credit's due. This is something very special indeed. Now, I mentioned coinvex there. Coinvex is the routine that I do with it. If you haven't got coinvex and you're interested in taking a look at it and researching it, we're going to put a code on the bottom of the screen just now. And just for this week, we don't sell timeless at WorldMagicShop.com. We only sell our own products, which is why you can trust our reviews. They are 100 percent impartial. But if you're interested in getting coinvex, adding it to your set, maybe using it with timeless like I am already, then you can use this code. And before Friday at midnight, use this code and you will get 25 percent off coinvex for this week only. But it is in very limited supply. OK, guys, that's it this week for the Wizard of Pride review. Thank you so much for joining us. We will see you in the new year. Until then, I'm Dave. And I'm Sean. I'm Wayne. See you next time on the Wizard of Pride review. Hi, guys, I'm David Penn, and this is coinvex third generation. For coinvex third generation, the gimmick has been completely redesigned, so it now comfortably fits on both sides of the sharpie. The DVD also features my double coin bend routine. The first coin bends in the hands of the spectator and then with a couple of optical bends, they see it bending even further at your fingertips. Finally, a coin which is isolated under their own hand bends. Both coins can be kept by the spectator. I'm David Penn, and this is coinvex third generation.