Hi friends, Hi friends, Hi friends, I don't even know what to say to you, I don't even know what to say to you, I don't even know what to say to you, but Sony went to take a pregnancy test but Sony went to take a pregnancy test but Sony went to take a pregnancy test .  And when he .  And when he .  And when he comes, it comes, it comes, it becomes clear that the positive is negative. If he hasn't come yet, it's the same becomes clear that the positive is negative. If he hasn't come yet, it's the same becomes clear that the positive is negative. If he hasn't come yet, it's the same excitement, that's the garden, excitement, that's the garden, excitement, that's the garden, but I'm putting it out there. but I'm putting it out there. but I'm putting it out there. And Mommy didn't tell them and And Mommy didn't tell them and And Mommy didn't tell them and Sonny knows and in case he tests Sonny knows and in case he tests Sonny knows and in case he tests positive, let's show him and positive, let's show him and positive, let's show him and capture his reaction, capture his reaction, capture his reaction, but they haven't really but they haven't really but they haven't really told him anything yet. Wait, told him anything yet. Wait, told him anything yet. Wait, watch this whole video. And [Music] watch this whole video. And [Music] watch this whole video. And [Music] If he tests positive, we'll put up this video. I mean, I took If he tests positive, we'll put up this video. I mean, I took If he tests positive, we'll put up this video. I mean, I took this first this first this first clip. And if he tests positive, the clip. And if he tests positive, the clip. And if he tests positive, the whole video will be different. Look, look. whole video will be different. Look, look. whole video will be different. Look, look. And I can't take the video myself. Anji, let's say it And I can't take the video myself. Anji, let's say it silently. And Anji, I want only my son to know. If in case my son comes and tests positive, Anji will continue the whole video. And Anji, come here once. What is this video? Is it a video? Is it a vlog? silently. And Anji, I want only my son to know. If in case my son comes and tests positive, Anji will continue the whole video. And Anji, come here once. What is this video? Is it a video? Is it a vlog? silently. And Anji, I want only my son to know. If in case my son comes and tests positive, Anji will continue the whole video. And Anji, come here once. What is this video? Is it a video? Is it a vlog? Why can't I Why can't I Why can't I tell you? Let's tell you in this vlog. I tell you? Let's tell you in this vlog. I tell you? Let's tell you in this vlog. I mean, you show it to me and mean, you show it to me and mean, you show it to me and show the two of you. show the two of you. show the two of you. Okay, so what or what? No Okay, so what or what? No Okay, so what or what? No one of you knows what this vlog is about. one of you knows what this vlog is about. one of you knows what this vlog is about. Sonya, if you don't take a pregnancy test, if you put eight or ten drops on the ground, it will Sonya, if you don't take a pregnancy test, if you put eight or ten drops on the ground, it will shine on the earth [singing] [music] shine on the earth [singing] [music] shine on the earth [singing] [music] Is it true or not? Is it true or not? Is it true or not? Tell me, is it true? True, true, true. Eida is Tell me, is it true? True, true, true. Eida is Tell me, is it true? True, true, true. Eida is not with me. She not with me. She not with me. She went to take a pregnancy test.   I went to do it went to take a pregnancy test.   I went to do it went to take a pregnancy test.   I went to do it .  If she comes out and .  If she comes out and .  If she comes out and says she is positive, I will tell you to continue this video. If it is says she is positive, I will tell you to continue this video. If it is negative, we will negative, we will negative, we will put these videos up. But if it is positive, we put these videos up. But if it is positive, we will show this video to everyone, everyone, suddenly. Let's will show this video to everyone, everyone, suddenly. Let's will show this video to everyone, everyone, suddenly. Let's capture the expressions on everyone's faces. Let's write it capture the expressions on everyone's faces. Let's write it capture the expressions on everyone's faces. Let's write it down. down. down. First, tell me now. Once it is positive, First, tell me now. Once it is positive, First, tell me now. Once it is positive, tell me. tell me. tell me. Okay Okay Okay [laughter] I will [laughter] I will [laughter] I will catch you. catch you. catch you. Once Sony Sony Once Sony Sony Once Sony Sony says five minutes.  It will come in five minutes says five minutes.  It will come in five minutes says five minutes.  It will come in five minutes I'm getting tense, I'm getting tense, I'm getting tense, really tense, this kind of moment is really tense, this kind of moment is really tense, this kind of moment is really unexpected for me, okay, really unexpected for me, okay, really unexpected for me, okay, boy, do you think it's a loan goal, what's going on now? Boy, did you think it's a loan goal, what's going on now? boy, do you think it's a loan goal, what's going on now? Boy, did you think it's a loan goal, what's going on now? [Laughter] No one cares, I want you to be one cares, I want you to be one cares, I want you to be positive like that, do you mean positive like that, do you mean positive like that, do you mean you're a boy goal? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? Friends, positive, mom, if it's Friends, positive, mom, if it's Friends, positive, mom, if it's positive, it's coming, Gaius, positive, it's coming, Gaius, positive, it's coming, Gaius, mom, mom, mom, walk with you, [Music] It's really going to show you, is it really going to be a walk with you, [Music] It's really going to show you, is it really going to be a walk with you, [Music] It's really going to show you, is it really going to be a face shower? Let's tell you, mom, let's tell you, did you face shower? Let's tell you, mom, let's tell you, did you face shower? Let's tell you, mom, let's tell you, did you call me, mom, call me, mom, call me, mom, how should I say it, sir, I'm ashamed, I'll say it like this, how should I say it, sir, I'm ashamed, I'll say it like this, oh, how should I say it, if it makes oh, how should I say it, if it makes oh, how should I say it, if it makes me ashamed, you'll say it yourself, aunt, aunt, aunt, aunt, aunt, aunt, what's the video, what's the video, what's the video, what's wrong, say it like this Little, little [Music] Heaven is in the corner Little, little [Music] Heaven is in the corner Little, little [Music] Heaven is in the corner Mommy is crying Mommy is Mommy is crying Mommy is Mommy is crying Mommy is crying like happiness Pope that skill crying like happiness Pope that skill crying like happiness Pope that skill Unexpected Happiness Is this you too Unexpected Happiness Is this you too Unexpected Happiness Is this you too Daddy, tell me more Daddy, tell me more Daddy, tell me more Daddy, tell me Yashu Yashu Here Mommy why are you crying Mommy Mommy why are you crying Mommy Mommy why are you crying Mommy Ananda Bhashpalivi Ananda Bhashpalivi Ananda Bhashpalivi Ananda Bhashpala Loki Loki tell me Chellaku Loki tell me Ananda Bhashpala Loki Loki tell me Chellaku Loki tell me This is the way I mean, This is the way I mean, This is the way I mean, tell me the girl of the house Chenna tell Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki tell me the girl of the house Chenna tell Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki tell me the girl of the house Chenna tell Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Reaction Loki Loki Reaction Loki Loki Reaction Loki Loki Not Loki You are doing lights Loki Loki I have to Not Loki You are doing lights Loki Loki I have to Not Loki You are doing lights Loki Loki I have to say one thing Love tell me old man Loki I have a say one thing Love tell me old man Loki I have a surprise for you Aiya Kiss surprise for you Aiya Kiss Kiss [Music] How do you feel about Nichevena in words Kiss [Music] How do you feel about Nichevena in words Kiss [Music] How do you feel about Nichevena in words [Laughter] Baba Goya [Laughter] Baba Goya [Laughter] Baba Goya and this is a wonderful moment for us and this is a wonderful moment for us and this is a wonderful moment for us I didn't think I really didn't I didn't think I really didn't I didn't think I really didn't think we suddenly ended up like this think we suddenly ended up like this think we suddenly ended up like this . . . And whatever happens, we're having a And whatever happens, we're having a And whatever happens, we're having a little baby.  And I don't even know little baby.  And I don't even know little baby.  And I don't even know what to say, but tell me, tell me, tell me, I don't understand what you mean, what to say, but tell me, tell me, tell me, I don't understand what you mean, happy, everyone, happy, and happy, everyone, happy, and thank you by name to every [musician] who is supporting us, and thank you by name to every [musician] who is supporting us, and thank you by name to every [musician] who is supporting us, and we unexpectedly found out about this good news we unexpectedly found out about this good news we unexpectedly found out about this good news .  And in a few days, .  And in a few days, .  And in a few days, these videos will come, these videos will come, these videos will come, support us, and watch this vlog till the end, support us, and watch this vlog till the end, support us, and watch this vlog till the end, and we will tell everyone, and we will and we will tell everyone, and we will tell our grandmothers and everyone who knows how to celebrate, and watch this video till the end [ tell our grandmothers and everyone who knows how to celebrate, and watch this video till the end [ Music] Amma [Music] Is Tiger over? Mooda Tiger over? Mooda Tiger over? Mooda says, this is what she says, this is what she says, this is what she said to you too [Laughter] [Music] You are going to be like that, you are going to be like that, you are going to be like that, you are going to be like that, you you you Really shocked [Laughter] Yes, Yes, Yes, when and where did you go, when and where did you go, when and where did you go, you put your feces on, now, you put your feces on, now, you put your feces on, now, Baba, put your feces on, Yasha, Baba, put your feces on, Yasha, Baba, put your feces on, Yasha, Baba, you too, Baba, you too, Baba, you too, this is the camera pet, this is the camera pet, this is the camera pet, you too, in you too, in you too, in our house, hello [Laughter] What are you [Laughter] What are you [Laughter] What are you laughing at, what laughing at, what are you saying, are you saying, are you saying, you will become aunts [ Music] What will happen to me What will happen to me What will happen to me How does the son of a coward feel?  You [laughter] don't [laughter] don't [laughter] don't tell me you're tell me you're tell me you're nice and happy [laughter] nice and happy [laughter] how do you feel when I tell you? how do you feel when I tell you? how do you feel when I tell you? Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, this and that Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, this and that [laughter] It doesn't matter what kind of child you are, what kind of child you are, what kind of child you are, mommy, you thought it would be a boy, but mommy, you thought it would be a boy, but I don't understand. I don't care if anyone thinks I don't understand. I don't care if anyone thinks I don't understand. I don't care if anyone thinks it's beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. You it's beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. You it's beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. You think so think so think so because until next year, my son because until next year, my son because until next year, my son prayed for a son, so I think it's a boy. prayed for a son, so I think it's a boy. Okay, now, big brother, let's tell you. I thought it would Okay, now, big brother, let's tell you. I thought it would Okay, now, big brother, let's tell you. I thought it would be a boy because be a boy because be a boy because we have more girls, so I we have more girls, so I we have more girls, so I want it. want it. want it. Okay, brother, what can't you say now? Tell me what's wrong, tell me what's wrong, tell me what's wrong, tell me what's wrong, tell me what you like, I do Okay, brother, what can't you say now? Tell me what's wrong, tell me what's wrong, tell me what's wrong, tell me what's wrong, tell me what you like, I do n't need it, what do you think, something, why do I think all n't need it, what do you think, something, why do I think all n't need it, what do you think, something, why do I think all these people are boys? these people are boys? these people are boys? My girl friend is My girl friend is My girl friend is 100% okay with a girl friend, 100% okay with a girl friend, 100% okay with a girl friend, but I but I but I think she'll think it's a boy friend.   There is no such thing think she'll think it's a boy friend.   There is no such thing think she'll think it's a boy friend.   There is no such thing as a boy. I want a boy even if it is a girl. as a boy. I want a boy even if it is a girl. as a boy. I want a boy even if it is a girl. Okay, now you tell me. I don't care Okay, now you tell me. I don't care Okay, now you tell me. I don't care who it is, but I don't have any money. I want a who it is, but I don't have any money. I want a who it is, but I don't have any money. I want a boy. Okay, boy. Okay, boy. Okay, Shail, you tell me, Sai, Shail, you tell me, Sai, Shail, you tell me, Sai, I also want a boy. But no matter I also want a boy. But no matter I also want a boy. But no matter who it is, it doesn't matter. who it is, it doesn't matter. who it is, it doesn't matter. Okay, the boy you tell me will Okay, the boy you tell me will Okay, the boy you tell me will be born. 100% be born. 100% be born. 100% boy. Tell me boy. Tell me boy. Tell me boy. Even if it is a girl, it is a boy. What do you think? I think it is a boy. Okay, Gaius. I think it is a boy. Even if it is a girl, it is a boy. What do you think? I think it is a boy. Okay, Gaius. I think it is a goal. I think it is a goal. goal. I think it is a goal. goal. I think it is a goal. I also think it is a goal. [Laughter] Let's see. Let's I also think it is a goal. [Laughter] Let's see. Let's see who it is. I like goal. It is good if it is a goal. [Laughter] Grandpa Manmadu [Laughter] Sonny, Sonny, mother, son, son, son, that is uncle's language. Hello Gaius. Now, if you go to the hospital, you should take me. There are reports there. Something is wrong. Now, if I stay with my mother, I will come. Daddy can't come because he has see who it is. I like goal. It is good if it is a goal. [Laughter] Grandpa Manmadu [Laughter] Sonny, Sonny, mother, son, son, son, that is uncle's language. Hello Gaius. Now, if you go to the hospital, you should take me. There are reports there. Something is wrong. Now, if I stay with my mother, I will come. Daddy can't come because he has see who it is. I like goal. It is good if it is a goal. [Laughter] Grandpa Manmadu [Laughter] Sonny, Sonny, mother, son, son, son, that is uncle's language. Hello Gaius. Now, if you go to the hospital, you should take me. There are reports there. Something is wrong. Now, if I stay with my mother, I will come. Daddy can't come because he has some work.  Now we will go in the car. I am some work.  Now we will go in the car. I am also making a vlog while I am going there. Please explain to everyone for our grandchildren also making a vlog while I am going there. Please explain to everyone for our grandchildren where are we going. Dad, where are we going. Dad, what mommy is coming to the hospital for a checkup? Now, let's go after we what mommy is coming to the hospital for a checkup? Now, let's go after we what mommy is coming to the hospital for a checkup? Now, let's go after we wash the car. Loudly [Music ] Is it over? Dad, okay guys. Now, [Music] it is over. They won't take ] Is it over? Dad, okay guys. Now, [Music] it is over. They won't take ] Is it over? Dad, okay guys. Now, [Music] it is over. They won't take blood. Now, blood. Now, blood. Now, if there is blood, we will see if the reports come tomorrow. if there is blood, we will see if the reports come tomorrow. if there is blood, we will see if the reports come tomorrow. What's the matter? We What's the matter? We What's the matter? We are taking coconut shells. Mommy has are taking coconut shells. Mommy has are taking coconut shells. Mommy has one for me and only one for me. one for me and only one for me. one for me and only one for me. How will it be? How will it be? How will it be? [Music] I said, "Should I take it?" And [Music] I said, "Should I take it?" And [Music] I said, "Should I take it?" And what else is there to do? what else is there to do? what else is there to do? Now that the Now that the Now that the blood has been taken, she blood has been taken, she blood has been taken, she is taking pomegranates to increase blood flow. is taking pomegranates to increase blood flow. is taking pomegranates to increase blood flow. My mommy, if she drinks pomegranates, does she get blood? My mommy, if she drinks pomegranates, does she get blood? My mommy, if she drinks pomegranates, does she get blood? Comment whether she gets blood or not. What fruits do you eat that make her Comment whether she gets blood or not. What fruits do you eat that make her Comment whether she gets blood or not. What fruits do you eat that make her get more blood? get more blood? get more blood? Let's see which food brings the most blood.