Hi friends,
I don't even know what to say to you,
but Sony went to take a pregnancy test
. And when he
comes, it
becomes clear that the positive is negative. If he hasn't come yet, it's the same
excitement, that's the garden,
but I'm putting it out there.
And Mommy didn't tell them and
Sonny knows and in case he tests
positive, let's show him and
capture his reaction,
but they haven't really
told him anything yet. Wait,
watch this whole video. And [Music]
If he tests positive, we'll put up this video. I mean, I took
this first
clip. And if he tests positive, the
whole video will be different. Look, look.
And I can't take the video myself. Anji, let's say it
silently. And Anji, I want only my son to know. If in case my son comes and tests positive, Anji will continue the whole video. And Anji, come here once. What is this video? Is it a video? Is it a vlog?
Why can't I
tell you? Let's tell you in this vlog. I
mean, you show it to me and
show the two of you.
Okay, so what or what? No
one of you knows what this vlog is about.
Sonya, if you don't take a pregnancy test, if you put eight or ten drops on the ground, it will
shine on the earth [singing] [music]
Is it true or not?
Tell me, is it true? True, true, true. Eida is
not with me. She
went to take a pregnancy test. I went to do it
. If she comes out and
says she is positive, I will tell you to continue this video. If it is
negative, we will
put these videos up. But if it is positive, we
will show this video to everyone, everyone, suddenly. Let's
capture the expressions on everyone's faces. Let's write it
down.
First, tell me now. Once it is positive,
tell me.
Okay
[laughter] I will
catch you.
Once Sony Sony
says five minutes. It will come in five minutes
I'm getting tense,
really tense, this kind of moment is
really unexpected for me, okay,
boy, do you think it's a loan goal, what's going on now? Boy, did you think it's a loan goal, what's going on now?
[Laughter] No
one cares, I want you to be
positive like that, do you mean
you're a boy goal?
What's going on?
Friends, positive, mom, if it's
positive, it's coming, Gaius,
mom,
walk with you, [Music] It's really going to show you, is it really going to be a
face shower? Let's tell you, mom, let's tell you, did you
call me, mom,
how should I say it, sir, I'm ashamed, I'll say it like this,
oh, how should I say it, if it makes
me ashamed, you'll say it yourself,
aunt,
what's the video,
what's wrong, say it like this
Little, little [Music] Heaven is in the corner
Mommy is crying Mommy is
crying like happiness Pope that skill
Unexpected Happiness Is this you too
Daddy, tell me more
Daddy, tell me Yashu Yashu Here
Mommy why are you crying Mommy
Ananda Bhashpalivi
Ananda Bhashpala Loki Loki tell me Chellaku Loki tell me
This is the way I mean,
tell me the girl of the house Chenna tell Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki Loki
Reaction Loki Loki
Not Loki You are doing lights Loki Loki I have to
say one thing Love tell me old man Loki I have a
surprise for you Aiya Kiss
Kiss [Music] How do you feel about Nichevena in words
[Laughter] Baba Goya
and this is a wonderful moment for us
I didn't think I really didn't
think we suddenly ended up like this
.
And whatever happens, we're having a
little baby. And I don't even know
what to say, but tell me, tell me, tell me, I don't understand what you mean,
happy, everyone, happy, and
thank you by name to every [musician] who is supporting us, and
we unexpectedly found out about this good news
. And in a few days,
these videos will come,
support us, and watch this vlog till the end,
and we will tell everyone, and we will
tell our grandmothers and everyone who knows how to celebrate, and watch this video till the end [
Music]
Amma
[Music] Is
Tiger over? Mooda
says, this is what she
said to you too
[Laughter] [Music] You are going to be like that,
you are going to be like that,
you
Really
shocked [Laughter]
Yes,
when and where did you go,
you put your feces on, now,
Baba, put your feces on, Yasha,
Baba, you too,
this is the camera pet,
you too, in
our house,
hello
[Laughter] What are you
laughing at, what
are you saying,
you will become aunts [
Music]
What will happen to me
How does the son of a coward feel? You
[laughter] don't
tell me you're
nice and happy [laughter]
how do you feel when I tell you?
Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, this and that
[laughter] It doesn't matter
what kind of child you are,
mommy, you thought it would be a boy, but
I don't understand. I don't care if anyone thinks
it's beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. You
think so
because until next year, my son
prayed for a son, so I think it's a boy.
Okay, now, big brother, let's tell you. I thought it would
be a boy because
we have more girls, so I
want it.
Okay, brother, what can't you say now? Tell me what's wrong, tell me what's wrong, tell me what's wrong, tell me what's wrong, tell me what you like, I do
n't need it, what do you think, something, why do I think all
these people are boys?
My girl friend is
100% okay with a girl friend,
but I
think she'll think it's a boy friend. There is no such thing
as a boy. I want a boy even if it is a girl.
Okay, now you tell me. I don't care
who it is, but I don't have any money. I want a
boy. Okay,
Shail, you tell me, Sai,
I also want a boy. But no matter
who it is, it doesn't matter.
Okay, the boy you tell me will
be born. 100%
boy. Tell me
boy. Even if it is a girl, it is a boy. What do you think? I think it is a boy. Okay, Gaius. I think it is a
goal. I think it is a goal.
I also think it is a goal. [Laughter] Let's see. Let's
see who it is. I like goal. It is good if it is a goal. [Laughter] Grandpa Manmadu [Laughter] Sonny, Sonny, mother, son, son, son, that is uncle's language. Hello Gaius. Now, if you go to the hospital, you should take me. There are reports there. Something is wrong. Now, if I stay with my mother, I will come. Daddy can't come because he has
some work. Now we will go in the car. I am
also making a vlog while I am going there. Please explain to everyone for our grandchildren
where are we going. Dad,
what mommy is coming to the hospital for a checkup? Now, let's go after we
wash the car.
Loudly
[Music
] Is it over? Dad, okay guys. Now, [Music] it is over. They won't take
blood. Now,
if there is blood, we will see if the reports come tomorrow.
What's the matter? We
are taking coconut shells. Mommy has
one for me and only one for me.
How will it be?
[Music] I said, "Should I take it?" And
what else is there to do?
Now that the
blood has been taken, she
is taking pomegranates to increase blood flow.
My mommy, if she drinks pomegranates, does she get blood?
Comment whether she gets blood or not. What fruits do you eat that make her
get more blood?
Let's see which food brings the most blood.
