Press Shift A and go to Surface NURBS Press Shift A and go to Surface NURBS Press Shift A and go to Surface NURBS Curve. If you go to Edit Mode, you see Curve. If you go to Edit Mode, you see Curve. If you go to Edit Mode, you see that the NURBS Curve has what is called that the NURBS Curve has what is called that the NURBS Curve has what is called a hull with vertices that you can a hull with vertices that you can a hull with vertices that you can manipulate. Clicking on endpoint U will manipulate. Clicking on endpoint U will manipulate. Clicking on endpoint U will make the curve endpoints the same as the make the curve endpoints the same as the make the curve endpoints the same as the hull. hull. hull. So now you can manipulate that curve in So now you can manipulate that curve in So now you can manipulate that curve in Edit Mode. Just like with a mesh, you Edit Mode. Just like with a mesh, you Edit Mode. Just like with a mesh, you can select two vertices and right click can select two vertices and right click can select two vertices and right click then choose Subdivide to add another then choose Subdivide to add another then choose Subdivide to add another vertex. You can select all and uh Shift vertex. You can select all and uh Shift vertex. You can select all and uh Shift D to duplicate. D to duplicate. D to duplicate. Then with everything selected, press F Then with everything selected, press F Then with everything selected, press F to fill the NURBS surface. to fill the NURBS surface. to fill the NURBS surface. Now you can manipulate the vertices to Now you can manipulate the vertices to Now you can manipulate the vertices to create a perfectly smooth surface. This create a perfectly smooth surface. This create a perfectly smooth surface. This is the basics of NURBS modeling. To add is the basics of NURBS modeling. To add is the basics of NURBS modeling. To add an edge loop, you can't just press Ctrl an edge loop, you can't just press Ctrl an edge loop, you can't just press Ctrl R. You will need to select all these R. You will need to select all these R. You will need to select all these vertices and then right click and choose vertices and then right click and choose vertices and then right click and choose Subdivide. Subdivide. Subdivide. NURBS surfaces are great for modeling, NURBS surfaces are great for modeling, NURBS surfaces are great for modeling, for example, the overall shape of a car. for example, the overall shape of a car. for example, the overall shape of a car. Once the main shape is finished, you can Once the main shape is finished, you can Once the main shape is finished, you can convert it to a mesh and then add more convert it to a mesh and then add more convert it to a mesh and then add more detail with normal polygonal modeling.