Hello everyone, welcome back to my channel. How
are you all? I hope you all are
well. So friends, this
unboxing video of mine is not just any video.
This is a very cool and refreshing
cream unboxing video.
This is not just any cream. Whenever you go out
in the sun, your skin gets
tanned and your hands start
appearing in two shades. So friends,
whenever you go in the sun,
apply this and there will be no tanning on your hands
and you can see that
this is Sun Switch's recommended Vitamin
C Plus E Super Brightening Sun Cream,
friends, it has SF50, PA Plus Plus
three times and it provides protection from UBA and UVB blue
light and it
also has Vitamin D. So you
can check the remaining ingredients by posting this. And
friends, you cannot even imagine its price.
This is a 60 gram package. And if you
mix all three, they become 180 grams.
And
I got its price of ₹84 only on Meesho. Amazing this.
Where can I get a cream so cheap?
Even local brand creams are
not available at such a cheap price. But it is very good and I
used it on my hands for five days and a
little light tone has also appeared on my hands and it
lasts comfortably for 24 hours. It did
not slip off my hands at all and is
not sticky at all. There is no smell. There
is no white cast in this. Friends, now
even your hands become dull. You go to the parlor to get yourself
detained. It
costs a lot. But after applying this cream, after
8 to 10 days,
you can apply some scrub on your hands.
After that apply this cream.
Guys, you get very good results. So if you guys
want more such good and interesting videos
then follow my channel. This
is a non paid video. I mean this is
not a paid promotional video. I
tried it on myself. After that I am giving you this review.
So friends, this is a very good and
smooth textured cream and is very
cheap and at a very comfortable price.
I have not applied it on my face
because it came at such a low price, so
I was afraid that something might happen to it
or something like pink spots etc. might happen on my face.
So that's why I first
used it on my hands and I used it on my hands for two to four-five
days and after that I am
telling you all that you can apply it on your face. This
is a good cream and if you do
not want to apply it on your face, it is your choice, but
if you go out in the sun, then definitely apply it on your hands
because even if your face becomes fair and your
hands look dark, you will not
look good, hence you can buy this cream, it is
very cheap, if we talk about the MRP of this cream, then it is
₹99.
But the price at which it is available on Meesho is
not even worth a cream. It
is so cheap and friends, it has
no smell and has a very smooth texture
and is a good cream. So friends, if all of you are
new to my channel then please subscribe. Please
like the video and
share it with your friend whose skin has become
tanned so that he can order this cream and
apply it and his hands become
like before. See you in the next blog.
Bye till then.
