So, I've decided to start this series So, I've decided to start this series So, I've decided to start this series where I'll be sharing my Rider Die where I'll be sharing my Rider Die where I'll be sharing my Rider Die products that I keep on repurchasing with products that I keep on repurchasing with products that I keep on repurchasing with you guys every now and then.  So today we're going to talk about this you guys every now and then.  So today we're going to talk about this you guys every now and then.  So today we're going to talk about this Moody's body mist. Moody's body mist. Moody's body mist. Whenever I take a shower, I immediately Whenever I take a shower, I immediately Whenever I take a shower, I immediately spray this body mist all over my body spray this body mist all over my body spray this body mist all over my body and I am not even exaggerating the and I am not even exaggerating the and I am not even exaggerating the moment I step my feet outside the washroom. moment I step my feet outside the washroom. moment I step my feet outside the washroom. Everybody is like, is Everybody is like, is Everybody is like, is that you?  I like that you?  I like that you?  I like or the best thing about this product is or the best thing about this product is or the best thing about this product is whenever you put it on it doesn't feel like you have put something on it feels as if you smell like this whenever you put it on it doesn't feel like you have put something on it feels as if you smell like this naturally but at the same time naturally but at the same time naturally but at the same time it's not overpowering so no you can't it's not overpowering so no you can't it's not overpowering so no you can't replace your perfumes with this miss this says just that replace your perfumes with this miss this says just that replace your perfumes with this miss this says just that you know so every day send that would make you know so every day send that would make you know so every day send that would make you feel fresh hydrated and you feel fresh hydrated and you feel fresh hydrated and mostly so in touch with your feminine side mostly so in touch with your feminine side mostly so in touch with your feminine side and this tiny little step has literally become like and this tiny little step has literally become like and this tiny little step has literally become like a major major part of my a major major part of my a major major part of my daily self care routine.  And currently I am daily self care routine.  And currently I am daily self care routine.  And currently I am about to finish my second bottle and I ca about to finish my second bottle and I ca about to finish my second bottle and I ca n't wait to repurchase it.  Was it for this n't wait to repurchase it.  Was it for this n't wait to repurchase it.  Was it for this video.  Comment below if you need video.  Comment below if you need video.  Comment below if you need links.