Our packing is done.  Adi, we are going to grandma's place. Our packing is done.  Adi, we are going to grandma's place. Our packing is done.  Adi, we are going to grandma's place. Tell your father to behave properly Tell your father to behave properly Tell your father to behave properly until we come. until we come. until we come. Kept all the stuff. Kept all the stuff. Kept all the stuff. Which goods?  It is not like he has got a necklace made for us Which goods?  It is not like he has got a necklace made for us Which goods?  It is not like he has got a necklace made for us that we can keep it.  Had asked for a Rakhi.  I have that we can keep it.  Had asked for a Rakhi.  I have that we can keep it.  Had asked for a Rakhi.  I have n't even brought that. n't even brought that. n't even brought that. What friend dad, festivals used to come once a year.  Even in that he did What friend dad, festivals used to come once a year.  Even in that he did What friend dad, festivals used to come once a year.  Even in that he did not bring Rakhi for mother.  It not bring Rakhi for mother.  It not bring Rakhi for mother.  It is wrong.  We are bringing it and giving it to you. is wrong.  We are bringing it and giving it to you. is wrong.  We are bringing it and giving it to you. They want the gold.   You have They want the gold.   You have They want the gold.   You have come to the line for gold.  Hey, Rakhi is come to the line for gold.  Hey, Rakhi is come to the line for gold.  Hey, Rakhi is tied only with silk.  Why are you tied only with silk.  Why are you tied only with silk.  Why are you insisting on sleeping?   If you pay insisting on sleeping?   If you pay insisting on sleeping?   If you pay attention then don't give.  If you don't want to bring Rakhi, attention then don't give.  If you don't want to bring Rakhi, attention then don't give.  If you don't want to bring Rakhi, refuse clearly. refuse clearly. refuse clearly. Ok, good.  One cannot go away angry. Ok, good.  One cannot go away angry. Ok, good.  One cannot go away angry. Go halfway through the store. Go halfway through the store. Go halfway through the store. Come and bring a packet of salty biscuits and keep it in mom's bag.   No. No.  There is Come and bring a packet of salty biscuits and keep it in mom's bag.   No. No.  There is no need to show favour to us by asking for salty biscuits.  No no need to show favour to us by asking for salty biscuits.  No no need to show favour to us by asking for salty biscuits.  No one remains hungry in our mother's house.  There is no one remains hungry in our mother's house.  There is no one remains hungry in our mother's house.  There is no need to keep half the amount.   Do you need to keep half the amount.   Do you need to keep half the amount.   Do you understand?  Hey mom, take it. understand?  Hey mom, take it. understand?  Hey mom, take it. Why get so angry?  I don't know whether I will get Why get so angry?  I don't know whether I will get Why get so angry?  I don't know whether I will get something to eat there on time or not, so take this out and something to eat there on time or not, so take this out and something to eat there on time or not, so take this out and eat it. eat it. eat it. Adi, please tell me one thing.  There is no need to keep anything in our bags. Adi, please tell me one thing.  There is no need to keep anything in our bags. Adi, please tell me one thing.  There is no need to keep anything in our bags. Nor bring any luggage. Nor bring any luggage. Nor bring any luggage. Your maternal uncle is capable of Your maternal uncle is capable of Your maternal uncle is capable of feeding us. feeding us. feeding us. You get so angry that you do You get so angry that you do You get so angry that you do n't understand anything in your anger.  Here n't understand anything in your anger.  Here n't understand anything in your anger.  Here Adi, please go and put this money in mom's bag. Adi, please go and put this money in mom's bag. Adimaan is refusing to go, isn't he? Adimaan is refusing to go, isn't he? Adimaan is refusing to go, isn't he? You keep it etc.  He is angry right now. You keep it etc.  He is angry right now. You keep it etc.  He is angry right now. Hey, I am saying that I don't want anything.  Don't Hey, I am saying that I don't want anything.  Don't Hey, I am saying that I don't want anything.  Don't open ours.  We will not take anything. open ours.  We will not take anything. open ours.  We will not take anything. Leave Leave Leave it, Papa [laughs] it's [laughs] it's [laughs] it's Raksha Bandhan.  I thought my brother should take Raksha Bandhan.  I thought my brother should take Raksha Bandhan.  I thought my brother should take some stuff for his nephews.