So hello guys, how are you all?  Welcome to So hello guys, how are you all?  Welcome to So hello guys, how are you all?  Welcome to our second blog.  Thank you so much for all the love you've given to Vogue. our second blog.  Thank you so much for all the love you've given to Vogue. I did I did I did not expect this much.  And with that motivation, today I am not expect this much.  And with that motivation, today I am not expect this much.  And with that motivation, today I am shooting my second vlog.  So guys, shooting my second vlog.  So guys, shooting my second vlog.  So guys, I just woke up.  I am drinking egg milk right now. I just woke up.  I am drinking egg milk right now. I just woke up.  I am drinking egg milk right now. And guys, it is my habit to read books etc. in the morning.  I And guys, it is my habit to read books etc. in the morning.  I And guys, it is my habit to read books etc. in the morning.  I mean, I am not a student, I have already mean, I am not a student, I have already mean, I am not a student, I have already completed my school studies.  Now completed my school studies.  Now completed my school studies.  Now look at this, this is Autobiography of a Yogi. look at this, this is Autobiography of a Yogi. look at this, this is Autobiography of a Yogi. So brother, I was just reading this and your So brother, I was just reading this and your So brother, I was just reading this and your sister-in-law is preparing to go to the bank. sister-in-law is preparing to go to the bank. sister-in-law is preparing to go to the bank. I even told him that let's go somewhere today.  It's the I even told him that let's go somewhere today.  It's the I even told him that let's go somewhere today.  It's the weekend but she's saying it's weekend but she's saying it's weekend but she's saying it's important to go to the bank.  Come a little important to go to the bank.  Come a little important to go to the bank.  Come a little early. early. early. Pooja, Pooja, Pooja, yes sir. yes sir. yes sir. What are you doing?  Won't you agree without going to the What are you doing?  Won't you agree without going to the What are you doing?  Won't you agree without going to the bank? bank? bank? I told you it is necessary.  There is a lot of work today, I will have to I told you it is necessary.  There is a lot of work today, I will have to I told you it is necessary.  There is a lot of work today, I will have to walk a lot. walk a lot. walk a lot. What are you preparing? What are you preparing? What are you preparing? Yes, I am just putting the stuff in. Yes, I am just putting the stuff in. Yes, I am just putting the stuff in. What kind of book is this? What kind of book is this? What kind of book is this? This is my diary. This is my diary. This is my diary. Get shut up.  So bank work Get shut up.  So bank work Get shut up.  So bank work is [ __ ] for you.  [laughs] Guys, the bank people must be watching this video too Guys, the bank people must be watching this video too Guys, the bank people must be watching this video too [laughs] So, look at Pooja and see [laughs] So, look at Pooja and see [laughs] So, look at Pooja and see how bank work looks like.   I had to how bank work looks like.   I had to how bank work looks like.   I had to show this a little.   I have show this a little.   I have show this a little.   I have shown this now.   No no, let's shown this now.   No no, let's shown this now.   No no, let's stop it.  Okay, I am not doing it. stop it.  Okay, I am not doing it. Ok.  Then you come quickly.  Do one thing. Ok.  Then you come quickly.  Do one thing. Ok.  Then you come quickly.  Do one thing. Ok.  Otherwise I will come to pick you up soon. Ok.  Otherwise I will come to pick you up soon. Ok.  Otherwise I will come to pick you up soon. Ok. Ok. Ok. Come to me early today.  I Come to me early today.  I Come to me early today.  I will try to get free soon.  I will give. will try to get free soon.  I will give. will try to get free soon.  I will give. So guys, your sister-in-law is getting ready So guys, your sister-in-law is getting ready So guys, your sister-in-law is getting ready for the bank right now.  And see you guys.  So guys, for the bank right now.  And see you guys.  So guys, for the bank right now.  And see you guys.  So guys, your sister-in-law has gone to the bank.  Now your sister-in-law has gone to the bank.  Now your sister-in-law has gone to the bank.  Now I will go downstairs and eat something, I will go downstairs and eat something, I will go downstairs and eat something, brother. brother. brother. So guys, my sister is at home. So guys, my sister is at home. So guys, my sister is at home. And look my nephew is And look my nephew is And look my nephew is doing his holiday homework. doing his holiday homework. What is Red doing here? What is Red doing here? What is Red doing here? What is Oye doing?   doing.   Are you What is Oye doing?   doing.   Are you working?   Ca working?   Ca working?   Ca n't see it. n't see it. n't see it. Show. What is this? What is this? What is this? Worksheet Worksheet Worksheet worksheet worksheet worksheet 2 plus three tell me. 2 plus three tell me. 2 plus three tell me. So guys, whoever has got such holiday homework So guys, whoever has got such holiday homework So guys, whoever has got such holiday homework during summer vacations, during summer vacations, during summer vacations, please do let us know by commenting.  So guys, this holiday please do let us know by commenting.  So guys, this holiday please do let us know by commenting.  So guys, this holiday homework is going on here.  Let's go and see homework is going on here.  Let's go and see homework is going on here.  Let's go and see what mom is doing in the kitchen, it is rainy what mom is doing in the kitchen, it is rainy what mom is doing in the kitchen, it is rainy season today.  So I think Bhaiya is season today.  So I think Bhaiya is season today.  So I think Bhaiya is making something special.  Mummy, what are you making making something special.  Mummy, what are you making making something special.  Mummy, what are you making ? ? ? Pakodas.   Are Pakodas.   Are Pakodas.   Are you making pakoras? you making pakoras? you making pakoras? So guys, look, So guys, look, we are making all types of pakodas like chilli, paneer, cabbage, onion etc. we are making all types of pakodas like chilli, paneer, cabbage, onion etc. we are making all types of pakodas like chilli, paneer, cabbage, onion etc. So guys, I was drinking tea here and So guys, I was drinking tea here and So guys, I was drinking tea here and didi found out something didi found out something didi found out something about me.  [laughter] What has brother Abhi done? about me.  [laughter] What has brother Abhi done? about me.  [laughter] What has brother Abhi done? Cheating Curry.   I have Cheating Curry.   I have Cheating Curry.   I have cheated. cheated. cheated. Where is the curry from? Why did you cheat?  It's fun. Why did you cheat?  It's fun. Why did you cheat?  It's fun. Cheating is fun.  [laughter] It's Cheating is fun.  [laughter] It's Cheating is fun.  [laughter] It's fun. fun. fun. So what Guy is saying is that cheating is So what Guy is saying is that cheating is So what Guy is saying is that cheating is fun.  Brother, don't do anything like that.  You fun.  Brother, don't do anything like that.  You fun.  Brother, don't do anything like that.  You guys will also explain to him that cheating is guys will also explain to him that cheating is guys will also explain to him that cheating is not a good thing.  Don't do it like this son, do not a good thing.  Don't do it like this son, do not a good thing.  Don't do it like this son, do n't cheat.  So guys, n't cheat.  So guys, n't cheat.  So guys, before going out for a trip, we are going to do some shopping before going out for a trip, we are going to do some shopping before going out for a trip, we are going to do some shopping in the market.  My sister was insisting that she should in the market.  My sister was insisting that she should in the market.  My sister was insisting that she should go to the market and do some shopping.  Do you want to do any go to the market and do some shopping.  Do you want to do any go to the market and do some shopping.  Do you want to do any shopping? shopping? shopping? You have crores.   You want to get You have crores.   You want to get rid of ₹1 crore, right?  I have to rid of ₹1 crore, right?  I have to rid of ₹1 crore, right?  I have to spend some money. spend some money. spend some money. Yes.  So Guys currently has Yes.  So Guys currently has Yes.  So Guys currently has ₹1 crore. ₹1 crore. ₹1 crore. Abhi has ₹1 crore.  Where are you Abhi has ₹1 crore.  Where are you Abhi has ₹1 crore.  Where are you going out in this heat? Who gave one crore? Who gave one crore? Who gave one crore? Nana did.  Nana has not given us Nana did.  Nana has not given us Nana did.  Nana has not given us one crore till date. [MUSIC] Okay.  Bye. [MUSIC] Okay.  Bye. [MUSIC] Okay.  Bye. Go and do some shopping. Go and do some shopping. Go and do some shopping. So guys, I had dropped my sister and mother to the market So guys, I had dropped my sister and mother to the market So guys, I had dropped my sister and mother to the market with me and by then your with me and by then your with me and by then your sister-in-law will also be free from the bank and sister-in-law will also be free from the bank and sister-in-law will also be free from the bank and after that brother, we will go for a walk in Delhi side, after that brother, we will go for a walk in Delhi side, after that brother, we will go for a walk in Delhi side, there sister-in-law, brother etc. are all waiting for us, so guys, just now there sister-in-law, brother etc. are all waiting for us, so guys, just now there sister-in-law, brother etc. are all waiting for us, so guys, just now I was standing here I was standing here I was standing here and my subscribers have come here, and my subscribers have come here, and my subscribers have come here, hello, hello, hello, like it brother, subscribe brother, like it brother, subscribe brother, like it brother, subscribe brother, how are you all, how are you all, how are you all, fine brother, you tell me, that's fine brother, you tell me, that's fine brother, you tell me, that's fine, okay, bye guys, fine, okay, bye guys, fine, okay, bye guys, okay [Music] So brothers, we have just come home and So brothers, we have just come home and So brothers, we have just come home and look, it is still drizzling, look, it is still drizzling, look, it is still drizzling, brother.  Now let's get ready quickly brother.  Now let's get ready quickly brother.  Now let's get ready quickly and leave from here.  So guys, I am and leave from here.  So guys, I am and leave from here.  So guys, I am ready.  Now let's go downstairs brother. ready.  Now let's go downstairs brother. ready.  Now let's go downstairs brother. Brother, your sister-in-law has come.  You have Brother, your sister-in-law has come.  You have Brother, your sister-in-law has come.  You have already come.   Yes, already come.   Yes, already come.   Yes, you are late.  Let us go. you are late.  Let us go. you are late.  Let us go. And what is this guy doing? And what is this guy doing? And what is this guy doing? You will drive the car yourself.   He is You will drive the car yourself.   He is You will drive the car yourself.   He is saying that I will drive and take you saying that I will drive and take you saying that I will drive and take you today.  Okay today.  Okay today.  Okay brother, today my nephew will drive the car himself. brother, today my nephew will drive the car himself. brother, today my nephew will drive the car himself. [laughs] I have [laughs] I have [laughs] I have n't even got the license yet, brother. n't even got the license yet, brother. n't even got the license yet, brother. How will you manage at such a young age? How will you manage at such a young age? How will you manage at such a young age? Will drive Thar today. Will drive Thar today. Will drive Thar today. Yes Yes Yes sister, I taught him driving very quickly. sister, I taught him driving very quickly. sister, I taught him driving very quickly. And what else should I teach you in childhood?  [laughter] And what else should I teach you in childhood?  [laughter] And what else should I teach you in childhood?  [laughter] Okay, brother.  Now move aside.  It was a lot of Okay, brother.  Now move aside.  It was a lot of Okay, brother.  Now move aside.  It was a lot of fun.  Ambulatory.  So guys, now we have fun.  Ambulatory.  So guys, now we have fun.  Ambulatory.  So guys, now we have left for Delhi side.  Where will left for Delhi side.  Where will left for Delhi side.  Where will we go today? we go today? we go today? Delhi.   To Delhi.   To Delhi.   To do what?   To have do what?   To have do what?   To have fun.  Tell me what fun you will have? fun.  Tell me what fun you will have? fun.  Tell me what fun you will have? Go to the trampoline. Go to the trampoline. Go to the trampoline. I will not take you to the trampoline.   Don't I will not take you to the trampoline.   Don't I will not take you to the trampoline.   Don't lie, don't lie too much in the vlog. lie, don't lie too much in the vlog. lie, don't lie too much in the vlog. Dude, he's saying don't lie too much on Vlog. Dude, he's saying don't lie too much on Vlog. So guys, I've just challenged Abhi to be So guys, I've just challenged Abhi to be So guys, I've just challenged Abhi to be absolutely silent for 5 minutes. absolutely silent for 5 minutes. absolutely silent for 5 minutes. This has been said since then.  Otherwise the trampline will not be This has been said since then.  Otherwise the trampline will not be This has been said since then.  Otherwise the trampline will not be taken.  So now look how he is taken.  So now look how he is taken.  So now look how he is sitting with his hand on his mouth.  Yes brother, sitting with his hand on his mouth.  Yes brother, sitting with his hand on his mouth.  Yes brother, now he will not ask me to buy this trampoline equipment. now he will not ask me to buy this trampoline equipment. now he will not ask me to buy this trampoline equipment. So the guys are home.  The luggage etc. has been So the guys are home.  The luggage etc. has been So the guys are home.  The luggage etc. has been unloaded here.  I have to unloaded here.  I have to unloaded here.  I have to park the car and come back now.  There is no space here ahead park the car and come back now.  There is no space here ahead park the car and come back now.  There is no space here ahead brother.  So guys, this is the problem in Delhi, brother.  So guys, this is the problem in Delhi, brother.  So guys, this is the problem in Delhi, brother, of parking.  Parking is very difficult to find. brother, of parking.  Parking is very difficult to find. brother, of parking.  Parking is very difficult to find. So brother, I will So brother, I will So brother, I will look for some space ahead and park there. look for some space ahead and park there. look for some space ahead and park there. So guys, I couldn't find space anywhere else, so I had to So guys, I couldn't find space anywhere else, so I had to So guys, I couldn't find space anywhere else, so I had to park my car here.  And look, this had to be applied with great care park my car here.  And look, this had to be applied with great care park my car here.  And look, this had to be applied with great care so that the car could pass through there. so that the car could pass through there. so that the car could pass through there. So the guys are home and let's see So the guys are home and let's see So the guys are home and let's see what brother and sister-in-law are cooking.  Hey, what brother and sister-in-law are cooking.  Hey, what brother and sister-in-law are cooking.  Hey, both of them are talking here. both of them are talking here. both of them are talking here. Hello sister-in-law, how are you? Hello sister-in-law, how are you? Hello sister-in-law, how are you? Good.  How are you? Good.  How are you? Good.  How are you? I'm absolutely fine.  So you have invited us today, so are you I'm absolutely fine.  So you have invited us today, so are you I'm absolutely fine.  So you have invited us today, so are you feeding us something feeding us something feeding us something today? today? today? This is white sauce pasta. This is white sauce pasta. This is white sauce pasta. Oh wow, show me.   It is being Oh wow, show me.   It is being Oh wow, show me.   It is being prepared now, which means the curd white sauce is ready. prepared now, which means the curd white sauce is ready. prepared now, which means the curd white sauce is ready. Yes. Yes. Yes. And this is garlic bread.  This garlic butter And this is garlic bread.  This garlic butter And this is garlic bread.  This garlic butter is ready.  Mushroom momos are being made in this. is ready.  Mushroom momos are being made in this. is ready.  Mushroom momos are being made in this. Brother and sister-in-law have prepared a complete Chinese setup. Brother and sister-in-law have prepared a complete Chinese setup. Italian sorry. Italian sorry. Italian sorry. So guys, this macaroni pasta is being prepared. So guys, this macaroni pasta is being prepared. So guys, this macaroni pasta is being prepared. You will feel hungry just by looking at it.  Oh You will feel hungry just by looking at it.  Oh You will feel hungry just by looking at it.  Oh drama, oh drama brother, he has gone mad after eating pasta, he is addicted to brother, he has gone mad after eating pasta, he is addicted to brother, he has gone mad after eating pasta, he is addicted to his pasta [laughs] So guys, the garlic bread has just arrived and So guys, the garlic bread has just arrived and So guys, the garlic bread has just arrived and Tai ji has also come [laughs] Tai ji has also come [laughs] Tai ji has also come [laughs] Hello, say hello to everyone, Hello, say hello to everyone, Hello, say hello to everyone, whom should you eat brother, she has whom should you eat brother, she has whom should you eat brother, she has come for the garlic bread, Tai ji had come for the garlic bread, Tai ji had come for the garlic bread, Tai ji had not come earlier [laughs] not come earlier [laughs] not come earlier [laughs] I will just talk to the stall owners, we will get I will just talk to the stall owners, we will get I will just talk to the stall owners, we will get your stall opened downstairs.  [laughs] your stall opened downstairs.  [laughs] your stall opened downstairs.  [laughs] Brother Pooja, your sister-in-law is also learning.   Let's Brother Pooja, your sister-in-law is also learning.   Let's Brother Pooja, your sister-in-law is also learning.   Let's see what she will make after going home. see what she will make after going home. see what she will make after going home. Brother, our brother has also come.  So brother, everyone had Brother, our brother has also come.  So brother, everyone had Brother, our brother has also come.  So brother, everyone had eaten and drank.  Now all the brothers are going to the gaming area. eaten and drank.  Now all the brothers are going to the gaming area. eaten and drank.  Now all the brothers are going to the gaming area. Where you will find trampolines and Where you will find trampolines and Where you will find trampolines and many more games.  So look many more games.  So look many more games.  So look how happy everyone is.  So the guys have how happy everyone is.  So the guys have how happy everyone is.  So the guys have left the house.  And brother, left the house.  And brother, left the house.  And brother, we will reach our destination in just 15-20 minutes. we will reach our destination in just 15-20 minutes. we will reach our destination in just 15-20 minutes. Look how everything is packed in the car. Look how everything is packed in the car. Look how everything is packed in the car. Where is Ash?  Aash here it is Where is Ash?  Aash here it is Where is Ash?  Aash here it is hey cue two hey cue two hey cue two I am also going to the play area hello I am also going to the play area hello I am also going to the play area hello what a thing wow what a thing what a thing wow what a thing what a thing wow what a thing what a thing so guys have come to the play area come to the play area come to the play area brother cartoon planet so guys have come to the play area so guys have come to the play area so guys have come to the play area our entire cartoony planet where Abhi our entire cartoony planet where Abhi our entire cartoony planet where Abhi and Nitara will go to play. and Nitara will go to play. and Nitara will go to play. Look guys, I've worn the band.  Do you also want to Look guys, I've worn the band.  Do you also want to Look guys, I've worn the band.  Do you also want to go? go? go? Yes, I will still go.  Isn't it? Yes, I will still go.  Isn't it? Yes, I will still go.  Isn't it? Okay guys, right now sister-in-law, brother, sister etc. are Okay guys, right now sister-in-law, brother, sister etc. are Okay guys, right now sister-in-law, brother, sister etc. are all waiting there.  And brother, I and all waiting there.  And brother, I and all waiting there.  And brother, I and your sister-in-law have come inside because your sister-in-law have come inside because your sister-in-law have come inside because your sister-in-law was insisting that she wanted to your sister-in-law was insisting that she wanted to your sister-in-law was insisting that she wanted to play here. play here. play here. Where do I have to go? Where do I have to go? Where do I have to go? Where do you want to go? Where do you want to go? Where do you want to go? So look at this brother. So look at this brother. So look at this brother. Both the children are playing here. Both the children are playing here. Both the children are playing here. Look here now son, I am enjoying it. Look here now son, I am enjoying it. Look here now son, I am enjoying it. Nithara Nithara Nithara oy oy oy oy oy oy they are making oy oy oy they are making oy oy oy they are making each other fall. each other fall. each other fall. Accident happened. Accident happened. Accident happened. What will you play? What will you play? What will you play? We will also jump with them.   It is not We will also jump with them.   It is not We will also jump with them.   It is not allowed like this.  So guys, I don't know allowed like this.  So guys, I don't know allowed like this.  So guys, I don't know where your sister-in-law has gone. where your sister-in-law has gone. where your sister-in-law has gone. I am searching everywhere.  Hey, she is sitting. I am searching everywhere.  Hey, she is sitting. I am searching everywhere.  Hey, she is sitting. What are you doing?   Guys, What are you doing?   Guys, your sister-in-law is playing pano here in the player. your sister-in-law is playing pano here in the player. Wow, I should Wow, I should Wow, I should play it completely for you. play it completely for you. play it completely for you. Tell me what can you play?   You are a Tell me what can you play?   You are a Tell me what can you play?   You are a hero, hero, hero, you are a hero. you are a hero. you are a hero. Let's put it. Let's put it. Let's put it. Brother, your sister-in-law hit me on the head.  What kind of Brother, your sister-in-law hit me on the head.  What kind of Brother, your sister-in-law hit me on the head.  What kind of fun are you looking for? fun are you looking for? fun are you looking for? I came and I am having a I came and I am having a I came and I am having a lot of fun. lot of fun. lot of fun. This is a place for children to play. This is a place for children to play. This is a place for children to play. Someone will interrupt.  Yes, they are children. Easy, easy.  Wow guys, there are two cars parked here.  But guys, there are two cars parked here.  But guys, there are two cars parked here.  But both of them have to fight on the same car.  Now they have been both of them have to fight on the same car.  Now they have been both of them have to fight on the same car.  Now they have been told that there are two cars.  Sit in the other one.   Lets go. told that there are two cars.  Sit in the other one.   Lets go. told that there are two cars.  Sit in the other one.   Lets go. Drive, drive. Drive, drive. Drive, drive. Hey brother, why are you falling and roaming around here? Hey brother, why are you falling and roaming around here? Hey brother, why are you falling and roaming around here? Pooja, look, he's sitting there in the back.  Brother, Pooja, look, he's sitting there in the back.  Brother, Pooja, look, he's sitting there in the back.  Brother, sister-in-law etc. all do the same work.  They sister-in-law etc. all do the same work.  They sister-in-law etc. all do the same work.  They scare them away from here. scare them away from here. scare them away from here. Trying to hide Nitara in that drum right now.  I hid it. Now brother, I will tell him to find Nitara and Now brother, I will tell him to find Nitara and Now brother, I will tell him to find Nitara and bring her. bring her. bring her. Find the now. Find the now. Find the now. Hey, did you already know this?  [laughter] Hey, did you already know this?  [laughter] Hey, did you already know this?  [laughter] So guys, look, it's going inside it. So guys, look, it's going inside it. So guys, look, it's going inside it. Y has come. Y has come. Y has come. So guys, the kids will keep playing here. So guys, the kids will keep playing here. So guys, the kids will keep playing here. Brother, I don't understand what else to do here Brother, I don't understand what else to do here Brother, I don't understand what else to do here ?  So we sit outside with our brothers and sisters.  Go out to the ?  So we sit outside with our brothers and sisters.  Go out to the ?  So we sit outside with our brothers and sisters.  Go out to the restaurant. restaurant. restaurant. Yes, let's play this here comfortably. Yes, let's play this here comfortably. Yes, let's play this here comfortably. Brother, look, we have come to the party. Brother, look, we have come to the party. Brother, look, we have come to the party. We have thrown a birthday party. We have thrown a birthday party. We have thrown a birthday party. Why are you lying to us?  Who will invite the Why are you lying to us?  Who will invite the Why are you lying to us?  Who will invite the guys to the party?  We are here to guys to the party?  We are here to guys to the party?  We are here to feed the children.  Tell me whose party it is. feed the children.  Tell me whose party it is. feed the children.  Tell me whose party it is. Tell the child's name. Tell the child's name. Tell the child's name. Aadhya and Aadhya. Aadhya and Aadhya. Aadhya and Aadhya. Adhya.  Aadhya and Aadhya [laughs] too So Abhisha Bheem is So Abhisha Bheem is So Abhisha Bheem is insisting on eating French fries. insisting on eating French fries. insisting on eating French fries. So guys, we had decided that So guys, we had decided that So guys, we had decided that brother would eat something nice outside in the evening and sister-in-law brother would eat something nice outside in the evening and sister-in-law brother would eat something nice outside in the evening and sister-in-law made rajma rice.  Someone please come guys, made rajma rice.  Someone please come guys, made rajma rice.  Someone please come guys, sister-in-law will make rajma rice. sister-in-law will make rajma rice. sister-in-law will make rajma rice. You were also saying that you You were also saying that you You were also saying that you make one and you had said that you make one and you had said that you make one and you had said that you make the best one.  She is telling me that make the best one.  She is telling me that make the best one.  She is telling me that I did not say anything, I said a I did not say anything, I said a I did not say anything, I said a lot [laughs] lot [laughs] lot [laughs] and and and brother in law both are liars brother in law both are liars brother in law both are liars and brother in law is coming at night so and brother in law is coming at night so and brother in law is coming at night so dinner has to be made for son in law, dinner has to be made for son in law, dinner has to be made for son in law, you did not say anything spicy about snacks outside, these you did not say anything spicy about snacks outside, these you did not say anything spicy about snacks outside, these are spicy peri peri fries guys [laughs] are spicy peri peri fries guys [laughs] are spicy peri peri fries guys [laughs] brother I told my sister to brother I told my sister to brother I told my sister to sprinkle this in a little synthetic way and see sprinkle this in a little synthetic way and see sprinkle this in a little synthetic way and see what she is doing, see what she is doing, see what she is doing, see guys see how she is doing it with her hands. So guys, now we have come back after playing these games So guys, now we have come back after playing these games So guys, now we have come back after playing these games in an hour.  Now look how hungry they are. in an hour.  Now look how hungry they are. in an hour.  Now look how hungry they are. Take this and Take this and Take this and feed them all fries. feed them all fries. feed them all fries. I have made this priya, guys. I have made this priya, guys. I have made this priya, guys. What happened now, sister-in-law?  [laughter] What happened now, sister-in-law?  [laughter] What happened now, sister-in-law?  [laughter] So guys, we've had our meal.  The children have So guys, we've had our meal.  The children have So guys, we've had our meal.  The children have also eaten it.  Now brother, let's go somewhere else. also eaten it.  Now brother, let's go somewhere else. also eaten it.  Now brother, let's go somewhere else. Brother will tell you where to go. Brother will tell you where to go. Brother will tell you where to go. Now we will go to Cafe Amdam.  And we Now we will go to Cafe Amdam.  And we Now we will go to Cafe Amdam.  And we will drink tea there. will drink tea there. will drink tea there. Brother, how is he saying this brother?  This [laughs] Brother, how is he saying this brother?  This [laughs] Brother, how is he saying this brother?  This [laughs] clip looked very strange brother. clip looked very strange brother. clip looked very strange brother. What happened brother?  [laughter] You're done, brother.  Churna. You're done, brother.  Churna. You're done, brother.  Churna. So the guys are just leaving here. So the guys are just leaving here. So the guys are just leaving here. Come on, come on.   Let us go. Come on, come on.   Let us go. Come on, come on.   Let us go. So this is Guys, the cafe my brother was telling me about. So this is Guys, the cafe my brother was telling me about. So this is Guys, the cafe my brother was telling me about. So the guys have their drinks. So the guys have their drinks. So the guys have their drinks. This is some mango.  Nice one.  How does it This is some mango.  Nice one.  How does it This is some mango.  Nice one.  How does it look? look? This is not our house to do water-masala [laughter] You are [laughter] You are [laughter] You are so scared, come let so scared, come let so scared, come let me look at your side, me look at your side, me look at your side, then you will be saved [music] then you will be saved [music] then you will be saved [music] brother, this is not for eating, the guys are just plucking leaves, they have sat down from there [music] sat down from there [music] sat down from there [music] so guys, you have already eaten, drank, played, jumped and done everything, you bastard, so guys, you have already eaten, drank, played, jumped and done everything, you bastard, so guys, you have already eaten, drank, played, jumped and done everything, you bastard, why did you make the light [laughter] why did you make the light [laughter] why did you make the light [laughter] so guys, now we are going towards the house, so guys, we have reached home and brother, one more home and brother, one more home and brother, one more member of ours has come, hello ji, Jai Shree member of ours has come, hello ji, Jai Shree member of ours has come, hello ji, Jai Shree and why did these children start crying, did you start crying and why did these children start crying, did you start crying I told you so many times to do it I told you so many times to do it I told you so many times to do it slowly, only one [crying sound] one [crying sound] one [crying sound] what are you saying brother, children get hurt what are you saying brother, children get hurt what are you saying brother, children get hurt brother, they are brother, they are brother, they are crying brother, they have crying brother, they have crying brother, they have played a lot the whole day, they had a lot of fun played a lot the whole day, they had a lot of fun played a lot the whole day, they had a lot of fun brother, it is time to cry after seeing them, so guys, brother, it is time to cry after seeing them, so guys, look at this brother, I was feeling sleepy look at this brother, I was feeling sleepy look at this brother, I was feeling sleepy and these children are not letting me live, and these children are not letting me live, and these children are not letting me live, look at this look at this look at this brother, I was tired after roaming around the whole day, I was brother, I was tired after roaming around the whole day, I was brother, I was tired after roaming around the whole day, I was thinking of sleeping and thinking of sleeping and thinking of sleeping and Bhabhi Bhabhi's energy never ends.   She has just Bhabhi Bhabhi's energy never ends.   She has just Bhabhi Bhabhi's energy never ends.   She has just brought this string.  And brother, brought this string.  And brother, brought this string.  And brother, such a big DJ is kept here.  To show Bhabhi such a big DJ is kept here.  To show Bhabhi such a big DJ is kept here.  To show Bhabhi Bhabhi is saying that no one has to sleep. Bhabhi is saying that no one has to sleep. Bhabhi is saying that no one has to sleep. Everyone has to enjoy here. Everyone has to enjoy here. Everyone has to enjoy here. Watch Now Party Online Watch Now Party Online Watch Now Party Online Watch Now. Watch Now. Watch Now. Party online Party online Party online Bhabhi will dance.  [laughter] [music] [song voice] Rahale Nain [music] Done Nain Done Nain, husband Nain [music] Done Nain Done Nain, husband Nain [music] Done Nain Done Nain, husband for Sa, husband for Sa, for Sa, husband for Sa, for Sa, husband for Sa, husband husband husband what's the matter brother, tell me brother what's the matter brother, tell me brother brother is saying that today I will make brother is saying that today I will make brother is saying that today I will make sister and brother-in-law fight, sister and brother-in-law fight, sister and brother-in-law fight, tell me brother, tell me now tell me brother, tell me now tell me brother, tell me now why are you taking tension, what happened is on why are you taking tension, what happened is on why are you taking tension, what happened is on your side [laughter] your side [laughter] your side [laughter] this is what happened this is what happened this is what happened Bhabhi Bhabhi is so keen on giving content in the ongoing vlog Bhabhi Bhabhi is so keen on giving content in the ongoing vlog Bhabhi Bhabhi is so keen on giving content in the ongoing vlog Bhabhi [laughter] yes give me water guys now some private things are going to happen that's why I have to now some private things are going to happen that's why I have to now some private things are going to happen that's why I have to end the vlog here end the vlog here end the vlog here if you liked the video then like, if you liked the video then like, if you liked the video then like, share, subscribe share, subscribe share, subscribe thank you guys meet you in next vlog