These taste just like chewed gum. I'm These taste just like chewed gum. I'm These taste just like chewed gum. I'm not sure what you guys are talking about not sure what you guys are talking about not sure what you guys are talking about when you guys say that the brand new when you guys say that the brand new when you guys say that the brand new Built Bars literally taste just like Built Bars literally taste just like Built Bars literally taste just like gum. These right here, guys, definitely gum. These right here, guys, definitely gum. These right here, guys, definitely have like a candy taste to them. If you have like a candy taste to them. If you have like a candy taste to them. If you guys have not seen them before, this is guys have not seen them before, this is guys have not seen them before, this is going to be part of their sour line. You going to be part of their sour line. You going to be part of their sour line. You guys have the little sour coating right guys have the little sour coating right guys have the little sour coating right there on the top that has like sprinkles there on the top that has like sprinkles there on the top that has like sprinkles and stuff, which is sour. You guys have and stuff, which is sour. You guys have and stuff, which is sour. You guys have this candy outside instead of like a this candy outside instead of like a this candy outside instead of like a chocolaty outside like the other Built chocolaty outside like the other Built chocolaty outside like the other Built Bars. And of course, you guys are Bars. And of course, you guys are Bars. And of course, you guys are getting the marshmallowy inside. When it getting the marshmallowy inside. When it getting the marshmallowy inside. When it comes to the taste, you guys ain't getting anything close to you guys ain't getting anything close to you guys ain't getting anything close to like a chewing gum. I'm not sure where like a chewing gum. I'm not sure where like a chewing gum. I'm not sure where that came from. Definitely uncalled for, that came from. Definitely uncalled for, that came from. Definitely uncalled for, but if you guys do want to go ahead and but if you guys do want to go ahead and but if you guys do want to go ahead and check out the brand new Built Bars, check out the brand new Built Bars, check out the brand new Built Bars, specifically in the pink lemonade specifically in the pink lemonade specifically in the pink lemonade squeeze flavor, you guys can get them squeeze flavor, you guys can get them squeeze flavor, you guys can get them right now on the TikTok shop for a right now on the TikTok shop for a right now on the TikTok shop for a really good price before they sell out really good price before they sell out really good price before they sell out by clicking on that link right below by clicking on that link right below by clicking on that link right below this video.