All
right, guys. In this video, I want to
talk about a brand that I'm sure you are
familiar with if you train Muay Thai or
kickboxing.
That brand is Yokao. I came across
Yokao, I'd say about
eight years ago, and really started to
see more and more of their stuff around
six or seven years ago, but in the last
5 years, I feel like they have just
really blown up. I started to see it
mostly with my students coming in. Uh,
and then they were all rocking a lot of
like Yoko gloves. Uh, the designs were
pretty unique and it was just something
that I was seeing more and more of.
While I was still using more traditional
brands like Fertex and Twins Special,
for the first 10 years of my training,
I'd say that I mostly pretty much used
Fairex. That was just a brand that was
synonymous with Muay Thai. It looks like
Yokao was founded around 2010. Um, and
then it was slow growth, but like I
said, I'd say within the last seven
years, I started to really see things
pick up for them. And then now they're
just huge. As far as international brand
recognition, I don't think the older
brands like Fairex and Twins really can
uh hold a candle. I'd say mostly because
their marketing is to an international
audience and not just like mainly in
Thailand. And then of course the
hardcore guys like know the brands from
Thailand. Fairex did a good job of like
bringing stuff over to Western
customers, right? And so again, that's
why their brand was pretty much the top
tier and but Twins, I mean, if you go to
Twins website right now, you still
really can't purchase like US-based
stuff. I remember ordering gloves from
Twins and it took me almost two months
to get it, maybe longer, but I only have
one pair of Twins gloves. being founded
in in the 2010s, you know, they really
got a grasp on like social media
marketing, uh, international marketing
and really just getting the brand
recognition out there. And then what
they did within the last 5 years is
these Yoko tours which are just
absolutely amazing. I was able to attend
one of these and got to spar Sanchai and
meet Superle and train with them and and
I'm I'm sure you've seen if you train
again or if you're just a fan of Muay
Thai, I'm sure you've seen a myriad of
videos of them sparring people on this
US tour just having a good time. Since
then, they've done it a few more times
and that's just great marketing. I
remember being at that during those US
tours, you know, it was smart. They they
took some marquee names in Muay Thai and
they had them teach seminars. They had
they gave people the opportunity to spar
with them. They got great uh footage and
then they set up tables and sold like
awesome Yo-ka merchandise and so it's
just a very smart marketing machine
behind YoCow and through all that they
have just built a bigger online customer
base than their older competitors. So
getting your name out there and having a
strong marketing push that's all fine
and dandy but it's all for nothing if
the product isn't quality. And I have to
say um in all honesty I never bought
YoCow. I I had Fitex gear forever and
that stuff I still have. I still have
gloves I bought 15 years ago. Uh when
all my students were all showing up with
fair yo-kow gloves, the the designs are
very unique and that's part of the
appeal, but some of them were a little
too goddy for me. They were just a
little too flashy. Um and I liked more
more of a basic design. Uh and then
within the last 5 years, we have had our
own gear made for our school. So I have
my own Muay Thai gloves. So that's the
stuff that I use. So, I just never
really got around to rocking any or
training with any Yo-kai gloves. Now,
the the swag I love, like the the
streetear line was huge for them. I love
their shirts and their shorts, and so
I've had their clothing, but until
recently, I really hadn't had any Yoka
gloves. So, Yo-kai offered to send me
some gloves to test out. Uh, let me be
clear about this. There was no money
exchanged. I was not paid for this
video, and this is my honest review of
these gloves. And mainly the reason I
didn't buy I haven't bought any Yo-ka
stuff was the price. Now I have paid
over $100 for Muay Thai gloves uh
through Fairex and my twin specials. I I
think those one pair of twins gloves I
swear I think it was 10 years 10 11
years ago I paid like close to 200. I
think it was like $175 $180. So I don't
I don't have a open aversion to that
price tag. But given what I was doing
with my own gear, I just didn't see the
need to spend that money on gloves that
I truly wasn't excited about. Now, let's
talk about the price of these gloves,
and then we'll go on to the quality. So,
YoCow gloves tend to range between uh
135 and like 185. I I see they have some
$90 options, and they have some
clearance type gloves, but but primarily
most of their selection is going to be
between 135 and 185. So again, I just
wasn't excited about anything enough to
spend that kind of money, especially
when I had a lot of gloves already. So
getting a pair to test out, I'm all for
that to see if really was I missing out
this whole time. So the first pair I got
were these gloves. And these are uh 135.
Um and these are 10 oz gloves. So um
these are for my wife. And I and my wife
has told me openly these are the best
gloves she's ever had. and she has
trained with a lot over the years. Uh
Venom, same thing. Fairex, uh more
American brands like Combat Corner and
Revge Gear and all that stuff. Mostly a
lot of the gloves she used were from
Venom, but she has told me repeatedly
since getting these, these are her
absolute favorite gloves. And I have to
say, even that these are hers. I put
them on and I trained with them. You
know, I'm I'm a heavyweight. I'm a big
guy. I'm 6'4. Fitting my hand in a 10 oz
glove is not easy and it would not even
be possible with hand wraps. But just
throwing these on at first. I I kind of
wanted to get a pair because these are
so malleable. They just form to my hand.
The thumb is is if you see this, it's
pretty far away. It's a bit
disconnected. And I have jammed my thumb
a lot of times punching with some other
Muay Thai gloves. So, the thumb is kind
of uh jutted out here. You see that?
Okay. But the the ability to move in
these and you could just feel the
quality and like the craftsmanship. And
at first I will say because they moved
around so and they felt light. If you
use Muay Thai gloves, you're going to
understand what I'm about to say. They
felt cheap because all my old Fair
gloves, the way the leather was crafted
and everything, they always just felt
like like really firm, strong, heavy
duty gloves. And these feel a bit like
soft. But on the other side of that,
that's part of the appeal. I I think I
got I grow tired I've grown tired of
those stiff Muay Thai gloves. Just a a
brick a massive brick. Then I received
these and this is more my size, a 16oz
glove. And these Yo-ka gloves are uh a
pair of the 185 Muay Thai gloves. And
when you look at it, it just looks like
a standard Muay Thai glove, right?
You've got all the the regular Muay Thai
craftsmanship. You got the thick padding
here for kicks and strikes and stuff.
You got heavy padding up here. You got
the thick cuff. Um, when you put it on,
you know, it's not too tight in the
wrist. You have mobility for the
clinching. But same thing once I put
these on, everything inside feels like a
regular Muay Thai glove, but it does
just feel like a higher quality. Okay.
You've got your little finger tab inside
here. I feel that. Um, the thumb is not
pushed out as much. That could just be
the size of the glove. the stitching,
everything just looks really good and it
feels good. I will say the leather feels
a little plasticky, but that's kind of
to an appeal if you ask me. Um, my older
Muay Thai gloves, the leather was looked
a little more like leather and it uh
cracked a lot over time. Uh, but they
were still usable. So, for my first pair
of Yoko gloves, I am not disappointed. I
will say these are 16 ounce gloves and I
can I can fit my hand in here without
wraps on, but I have very big hands. So,
uh, when I put my wraps on, it's a bit
tight. It's a bit tight, but I'm sure as
I work them in, it's going to be just
fine. And I have been using these for
about a month now. And I have to say, I
do understand the appeal. Let's just be
real about something up front. Muay Thai
gloves are not cheap. They never have
been. This is not a thing where you're
going to go on Amazon and you're going
to find a $30 pair of gloves. You might.
I I remember there was some few
off-brands making a $30 Muay Thai glove.
I don't think that exists anymore.
Boxing gloves, you can find like a cheap
vinyl boxing glove for 20 bucks on
Amazon, but that's a boxing glove. Muay
Thai gloves are just built different for
specific reasons. If you know, you know.
So, generally, you're spending between
$60 to $100 on gloves. Fairex gloves, I
think, if you get a deal, you're getting
maybe a $90 glove, but mostly their
gloves are about 115,120. I don't even
know what twins cost nowadays. So,
Yokow, as expensive as it is, it is
priced within range. It is more
expensive than their traditional
competitors, but I believe with the
designs and the craftsmanship, it kind
of stands out. And if you like that, you
like that. Uh, and I do believe these
gloves will last. I do have some
students who have Yoko gloves that
they've had since they've been with me
at my school and talking five, six
years, and of course, they've bought new
pairs, but they haven't had any issues
with their gloves over the years. Now
the last thing I want to talk about of
course is if you're purchasing from
Yokao their website is very easy to use
as compared to their competitors. Um
again they are catering to a
international customer base but I have
seen mixed reviews on their customer
service. This is from my students
directly. Now I have purchased uh
something some things like I said I
purchased clothes but recently I started
purchasing pads and I I p purchased a a
quad pad and some other things and I had
no issues but I have heard I've had some
students who have had issues with things
that they have purchased and not getting
a resolution through the customer
service of of YoCow. So I have seen
situations where the customer service
wasn't great through other people. Me
personally I have not experienced any
issues with their customer service. So,
it's just take that for what it is. So,
guys, again, if you're curious about the
brand and you've got the money and you
like the designs, just go for it. It is
quality. I will say that I like the fit,
the form, and just I like using them
more than my old Fairex gloves. So, I
hope that review was helpful. If you
enjoy the content on our channel, please
be sure to like and subscribe, and we'll
keep this thing going. I'll see you in
the next
