All All All right, guys. In this video, I want to right, guys. In this video, I want to right, guys. In this video, I want to talk about a brand that I'm sure you are talk about a brand that I'm sure you are talk about a brand that I'm sure you are familiar with if you train Muay Thai or familiar with if you train Muay Thai or familiar with if you train Muay Thai or kickboxing. kickboxing. kickboxing. That brand is Yokao. I came across That brand is Yokao. I came across That brand is Yokao. I came across Yokao, I'd say about Yokao, I'd say about Yokao, I'd say about eight years ago, and really started to eight years ago, and really started to eight years ago, and really started to see more and more of their stuff around see more and more of their stuff around see more and more of their stuff around six or seven years ago, but in the last six or seven years ago, but in the last six or seven years ago, but in the last 5 years, I feel like they have just 5 years, I feel like they have just 5 years, I feel like they have just really blown up. I started to see it really blown up. I started to see it really blown up. I started to see it mostly with my students coming in. Uh, mostly with my students coming in. Uh, mostly with my students coming in. Uh, and then they were all rocking a lot of and then they were all rocking a lot of and then they were all rocking a lot of like Yoko gloves. Uh, the designs were like Yoko gloves. Uh, the designs were like Yoko gloves. Uh, the designs were pretty unique and it was just something pretty unique and it was just something pretty unique and it was just something that I was seeing more and more of. that I was seeing more and more of. that I was seeing more and more of. While I was still using more traditional While I was still using more traditional While I was still using more traditional brands like Fertex and Twins Special, brands like Fertex and Twins Special, brands like Fertex and Twins Special, for the first 10 years of my training, for the first 10 years of my training, for the first 10 years of my training, I'd say that I mostly pretty much used I'd say that I mostly pretty much used I'd say that I mostly pretty much used Fairex. That was just a brand that was Fairex. That was just a brand that was Fairex. That was just a brand that was synonymous with Muay Thai. It looks like synonymous with Muay Thai. It looks like synonymous with Muay Thai. It looks like Yokao was founded around 2010. Um, and Yokao was founded around 2010. Um, and Yokao was founded around 2010. Um, and then it was slow growth, but like I then it was slow growth, but like I then it was slow growth, but like I said, I'd say within the last seven said, I'd say within the last seven said, I'd say within the last seven years, I started to really see things years, I started to really see things years, I started to really see things pick up for them. And then now they're pick up for them. And then now they're pick up for them. And then now they're just huge. As far as international brand just huge. As far as international brand just huge. As far as international brand recognition, I don't think the older recognition, I don't think the older recognition, I don't think the older brands like Fairex and Twins really can brands like Fairex and Twins really can brands like Fairex and Twins really can uh hold a candle. I'd say mostly because uh hold a candle. I'd say mostly because uh hold a candle. I'd say mostly because their marketing is to an international their marketing is to an international their marketing is to an international audience and not just like mainly in audience and not just like mainly in audience and not just like mainly in Thailand. And then of course the Thailand. And then of course the Thailand. And then of course the hardcore guys like know the brands from hardcore guys like know the brands from hardcore guys like know the brands from Thailand. Fairex did a good job of like Thailand. Fairex did a good job of like Thailand. Fairex did a good job of like bringing stuff over to Western bringing stuff over to Western bringing stuff over to Western customers, right? And so again, that's customers, right? And so again, that's customers, right? And so again, that's why their brand was pretty much the top why their brand was pretty much the top why their brand was pretty much the top tier and but Twins, I mean, if you go to tier and but Twins, I mean, if you go to tier and but Twins, I mean, if you go to Twins website right now, you still Twins website right now, you still Twins website right now, you still really can't purchase like US-based really can't purchase like US-based really can't purchase like US-based stuff. I remember ordering gloves from stuff. I remember ordering gloves from stuff. I remember ordering gloves from Twins and it took me almost two months Twins and it took me almost two months Twins and it took me almost two months to get it, maybe longer, but I only have to get it, maybe longer, but I only have to get it, maybe longer, but I only have one pair of Twins gloves. being founded one pair of Twins gloves. being founded one pair of Twins gloves. being founded in in the 2010s, you know, they really in in the 2010s, you know, they really in in the 2010s, you know, they really got a grasp on like social media got a grasp on like social media got a grasp on like social media marketing, uh, international marketing marketing, uh, international marketing marketing, uh, international marketing and really just getting the brand and really just getting the brand and really just getting the brand recognition out there. And then what recognition out there. And then what recognition out there. And then what they did within the last 5 years is they did within the last 5 years is they did within the last 5 years is these Yoko tours which are just these Yoko tours which are just these Yoko tours which are just absolutely amazing. I was able to attend absolutely amazing. I was able to attend absolutely amazing. I was able to attend one of these and got to spar Sanchai and one of these and got to spar Sanchai and one of these and got to spar Sanchai and meet Superle and train with them and and meet Superle and train with them and and meet Superle and train with them and and I'm I'm sure you've seen if you train I'm I'm sure you've seen if you train I'm I'm sure you've seen if you train again or if you're just a fan of Muay again or if you're just a fan of Muay again or if you're just a fan of Muay Thai, I'm sure you've seen a myriad of Thai, I'm sure you've seen a myriad of Thai, I'm sure you've seen a myriad of videos of them sparring people on this videos of them sparring people on this videos of them sparring people on this US tour just having a good time. Since US tour just having a good time. Since US tour just having a good time. Since then, they've done it a few more times then, they've done it a few more times then, they've done it a few more times and that's just great marketing. I and that's just great marketing. I and that's just great marketing. I remember being at that during those US remember being at that during those US remember being at that during those US tours, you know, it was smart. They they tours, you know, it was smart. They they tours, you know, it was smart. They they took some marquee names in Muay Thai and took some marquee names in Muay Thai and took some marquee names in Muay Thai and they had them teach seminars. They had they had them teach seminars. They had they had them teach seminars. They had they gave people the opportunity to spar they gave people the opportunity to spar they gave people the opportunity to spar with them. They got great uh footage and with them. They got great uh footage and with them. They got great uh footage and then they set up tables and sold like then they set up tables and sold like then they set up tables and sold like awesome Yo-ka merchandise and so it's awesome Yo-ka merchandise and so it's awesome Yo-ka merchandise and so it's just a very smart marketing machine just a very smart marketing machine just a very smart marketing machine behind YoCow and through all that they behind YoCow and through all that they behind YoCow and through all that they have just built a bigger online customer have just built a bigger online customer have just built a bigger online customer base than their older competitors. So base than their older competitors. So base than their older competitors. So getting your name out there and having a getting your name out there and having a getting your name out there and having a strong marketing push that's all fine strong marketing push that's all fine strong marketing push that's all fine and dandy but it's all for nothing if and dandy but it's all for nothing if and dandy but it's all for nothing if the product isn't quality. And I have to the product isn't quality. And I have to the product isn't quality. And I have to say um in all honesty I never bought say um in all honesty I never bought say um in all honesty I never bought YoCow. I I had Fitex gear forever and YoCow. I I had Fitex gear forever and YoCow. I I had Fitex gear forever and that stuff I still have. I still have that stuff I still have. I still have that stuff I still have. I still have gloves I bought 15 years ago. Uh when gloves I bought 15 years ago. Uh when gloves I bought 15 years ago. Uh when all my students were all showing up with all my students were all showing up with all my students were all showing up with fair yo-kow gloves, the the designs are fair yo-kow gloves, the the designs are fair yo-kow gloves, the the designs are very unique and that's part of the very unique and that's part of the very unique and that's part of the appeal, but some of them were a little appeal, but some of them were a little appeal, but some of them were a little too goddy for me. They were just a too goddy for me. They were just a too goddy for me. They were just a little too flashy. Um and I liked more little too flashy. Um and I liked more little too flashy. Um and I liked more more of a basic design. Uh and then more of a basic design. Uh and then more of a basic design. Uh and then within the last 5 years, we have had our within the last 5 years, we have had our within the last 5 years, we have had our own gear made for our school. So I have own gear made for our school. So I have own gear made for our school. So I have my own Muay Thai gloves. So that's the my own Muay Thai gloves. So that's the my own Muay Thai gloves. So that's the stuff that I use. So, I just never stuff that I use. So, I just never stuff that I use. So, I just never really got around to rocking any or really got around to rocking any or really got around to rocking any or training with any Yo-kai gloves. Now, training with any Yo-kai gloves. Now, training with any Yo-kai gloves. Now, the the swag I love, like the the the the swag I love, like the the the the swag I love, like the the streetear line was huge for them. I love streetear line was huge for them. I love streetear line was huge for them. I love their shirts and their shorts, and so their shirts and their shorts, and so their shirts and their shorts, and so I've had their clothing, but until I've had their clothing, but until I've had their clothing, but until recently, I really hadn't had any Yoka recently, I really hadn't had any Yoka recently, I really hadn't had any Yoka gloves. So, Yo-kai offered to send me gloves. So, Yo-kai offered to send me gloves. So, Yo-kai offered to send me some gloves to test out. Uh, let me be some gloves to test out. Uh, let me be some gloves to test out. Uh, let me be clear about this. There was no money clear about this. There was no money clear about this. There was no money exchanged. I was not paid for this exchanged. I was not paid for this exchanged. I was not paid for this video, and this is my honest review of video, and this is my honest review of video, and this is my honest review of these gloves. And mainly the reason I these gloves. And mainly the reason I these gloves. And mainly the reason I didn't buy I haven't bought any Yo-ka didn't buy I haven't bought any Yo-ka didn't buy I haven't bought any Yo-ka stuff was the price. Now I have paid stuff was the price. Now I have paid stuff was the price. Now I have paid over $100 for Muay Thai gloves uh over $100 for Muay Thai gloves uh over $100 for Muay Thai gloves uh through Fairex and my twin specials. I I through Fairex and my twin specials. I I through Fairex and my twin specials. I I think those one pair of twins gloves I think those one pair of twins gloves I think those one pair of twins gloves I swear I think it was 10 years 10 11 swear I think it was 10 years 10 11 swear I think it was 10 years 10 11 years ago I paid like close to 200. I years ago I paid like close to 200. I years ago I paid like close to 200. I think it was like $175 $180. So I don't think it was like $175 $180. So I don't think it was like $175 $180. So I don't I don't have a open aversion to that I don't have a open aversion to that I don't have a open aversion to that price tag. But given what I was doing price tag. But given what I was doing price tag. But given what I was doing with my own gear, I just didn't see the with my own gear, I just didn't see the with my own gear, I just didn't see the need to spend that money on gloves that need to spend that money on gloves that need to spend that money on gloves that I truly wasn't excited about. Now, let's I truly wasn't excited about. Now, let's I truly wasn't excited about. Now, let's talk about the price of these gloves, talk about the price of these gloves, talk about the price of these gloves, and then we'll go on to the quality. So, and then we'll go on to the quality. So, and then we'll go on to the quality. So, YoCow gloves tend to range between uh YoCow gloves tend to range between uh YoCow gloves tend to range between uh 135 and like 185. I I see they have some 135 and like 185. I I see they have some 135 and like 185. I I see they have some $90 options, and they have some $90 options, and they have some $90 options, and they have some clearance type gloves, but but primarily clearance type gloves, but but primarily clearance type gloves, but but primarily most of their selection is going to be most of their selection is going to be most of their selection is going to be between 135 and 185. So again, I just between 135 and 185. So again, I just between 135 and 185. So again, I just wasn't excited about anything enough to wasn't excited about anything enough to wasn't excited about anything enough to spend that kind of money, especially spend that kind of money, especially spend that kind of money, especially when I had a lot of gloves already. So when I had a lot of gloves already. So when I had a lot of gloves already. So getting a pair to test out, I'm all for getting a pair to test out, I'm all for getting a pair to test out, I'm all for that to see if really was I missing out that to see if really was I missing out that to see if really was I missing out this whole time. So the first pair I got this whole time. So the first pair I got this whole time. So the first pair I got were these gloves. And these are uh 135. were these gloves. And these are uh 135. were these gloves. And these are uh 135. Um and these are 10 oz gloves. So um Um and these are 10 oz gloves. So um Um and these are 10 oz gloves. So um these are for my wife. And I and my wife these are for my wife. And I and my wife these are for my wife. And I and my wife has told me openly these are the best has told me openly these are the best has told me openly these are the best gloves she's ever had. and she has gloves she's ever had. and she has gloves she's ever had. and she has trained with a lot over the years. Uh trained with a lot over the years. Uh trained with a lot over the years. Uh Venom, same thing. Fairex, uh more Venom, same thing. Fairex, uh more Venom, same thing. Fairex, uh more American brands like Combat Corner and American brands like Combat Corner and American brands like Combat Corner and Revge Gear and all that stuff. Mostly a Revge Gear and all that stuff. Mostly a Revge Gear and all that stuff. Mostly a lot of the gloves she used were from lot of the gloves she used were from lot of the gloves she used were from Venom, but she has told me repeatedly Venom, but she has told me repeatedly Venom, but she has told me repeatedly since getting these, these are her since getting these, these are her since getting these, these are her absolute favorite gloves. And I have to absolute favorite gloves. And I have to absolute favorite gloves. And I have to say, even that these are hers. I put say, even that these are hers. I put say, even that these are hers. I put them on and I trained with them. You them on and I trained with them. You them on and I trained with them. You know, I'm I'm a heavyweight. I'm a big know, I'm I'm a heavyweight. I'm a big know, I'm I'm a heavyweight. I'm a big guy. I'm 6'4. Fitting my hand in a 10 oz guy. I'm 6'4. Fitting my hand in a 10 oz guy. I'm 6'4. Fitting my hand in a 10 oz glove is not easy and it would not even glove is not easy and it would not even glove is not easy and it would not even be possible with hand wraps. But just be possible with hand wraps. But just be possible with hand wraps. But just throwing these on at first. I I kind of throwing these on at first. I I kind of throwing these on at first. I I kind of wanted to get a pair because these are wanted to get a pair because these are wanted to get a pair because these are so malleable. They just form to my hand. so malleable. They just form to my hand. so malleable. They just form to my hand. The thumb is is if you see this, it's The thumb is is if you see this, it's The thumb is is if you see this, it's pretty far away. It's a bit pretty far away. It's a bit pretty far away. It's a bit disconnected. And I have jammed my thumb disconnected. And I have jammed my thumb disconnected. And I have jammed my thumb a lot of times punching with some other a lot of times punching with some other a lot of times punching with some other Muay Thai gloves. So, the thumb is kind Muay Thai gloves. So, the thumb is kind Muay Thai gloves. So, the thumb is kind of uh jutted out here. You see that? of uh jutted out here. You see that? of uh jutted out here. You see that? Okay. But the the ability to move in Okay. But the the ability to move in Okay. But the the ability to move in these and you could just feel the these and you could just feel the these and you could just feel the quality and like the craftsmanship. And quality and like the craftsmanship. And quality and like the craftsmanship. And at first I will say because they moved at first I will say because they moved at first I will say because they moved around so and they felt light. If you around so and they felt light. If you around so and they felt light. If you use Muay Thai gloves, you're going to use Muay Thai gloves, you're going to use Muay Thai gloves, you're going to understand what I'm about to say. They understand what I'm about to say. They understand what I'm about to say. They felt cheap because all my old Fair felt cheap because all my old Fair felt cheap because all my old Fair gloves, the way the leather was crafted gloves, the way the leather was crafted gloves, the way the leather was crafted and everything, they always just felt and everything, they always just felt and everything, they always just felt like like really firm, strong, heavy like like really firm, strong, heavy like like really firm, strong, heavy duty gloves. And these feel a bit like duty gloves. And these feel a bit like duty gloves. And these feel a bit like soft. But on the other side of that, soft. But on the other side of that, soft. But on the other side of that, that's part of the appeal. I I think I that's part of the appeal. I I think I that's part of the appeal. I I think I got I grow tired I've grown tired of got I grow tired I've grown tired of got I grow tired I've grown tired of those stiff Muay Thai gloves. Just a a those stiff Muay Thai gloves. Just a a those stiff Muay Thai gloves. Just a a brick a massive brick. Then I received brick a massive brick. Then I received brick a massive brick. Then I received these and this is more my size, a 16oz these and this is more my size, a 16oz these and this is more my size, a 16oz glove. And these Yo-ka gloves are uh a glove. And these Yo-ka gloves are uh a glove. And these Yo-ka gloves are uh a pair of the 185 Muay Thai gloves. And pair of the 185 Muay Thai gloves. And pair of the 185 Muay Thai gloves. And when you look at it, it just looks like when you look at it, it just looks like when you look at it, it just looks like a standard Muay Thai glove, right? a standard Muay Thai glove, right? a standard Muay Thai glove, right? You've got all the the regular Muay Thai You've got all the the regular Muay Thai You've got all the the regular Muay Thai craftsmanship. You got the thick padding craftsmanship. You got the thick padding craftsmanship. You got the thick padding here for kicks and strikes and stuff. here for kicks and strikes and stuff. here for kicks and strikes and stuff. You got heavy padding up here. You got You got heavy padding up here. You got You got heavy padding up here. You got the thick cuff. Um, when you put it on, the thick cuff. Um, when you put it on, the thick cuff. Um, when you put it on, you know, it's not too tight in the you know, it's not too tight in the you know, it's not too tight in the wrist. You have mobility for the wrist. You have mobility for the wrist. You have mobility for the clinching. But same thing once I put clinching. But same thing once I put clinching. But same thing once I put these on, everything inside feels like a these on, everything inside feels like a these on, everything inside feels like a regular Muay Thai glove, but it does regular Muay Thai glove, but it does regular Muay Thai glove, but it does just feel like a higher quality. Okay. just feel like a higher quality. Okay. just feel like a higher quality. Okay. You've got your little finger tab inside You've got your little finger tab inside You've got your little finger tab inside here. I feel that. Um, the thumb is not here. I feel that. Um, the thumb is not here. I feel that. Um, the thumb is not pushed out as much. That could just be pushed out as much. That could just be pushed out as much. That could just be the size of the glove. the stitching, the size of the glove. the stitching, the size of the glove. the stitching, everything just looks really good and it everything just looks really good and it everything just looks really good and it feels good. I will say the leather feels feels good. I will say the leather feels feels good. I will say the leather feels a little plasticky, but that's kind of a little plasticky, but that's kind of a little plasticky, but that's kind of to an appeal if you ask me. Um, my older to an appeal if you ask me. Um, my older to an appeal if you ask me. Um, my older Muay Thai gloves, the leather was looked Muay Thai gloves, the leather was looked Muay Thai gloves, the leather was looked a little more like leather and it uh a little more like leather and it uh a little more like leather and it uh cracked a lot over time. Uh, but they cracked a lot over time. Uh, but they cracked a lot over time. Uh, but they were still usable. So, for my first pair were still usable. So, for my first pair were still usable. So, for my first pair of Yoko gloves, I am not disappointed. I of Yoko gloves, I am not disappointed. I of Yoko gloves, I am not disappointed. I will say these are 16 ounce gloves and I will say these are 16 ounce gloves and I will say these are 16 ounce gloves and I can I can fit my hand in here without can I can fit my hand in here without can I can fit my hand in here without wraps on, but I have very big hands. So, wraps on, but I have very big hands. So, wraps on, but I have very big hands. So, uh, when I put my wraps on, it's a bit uh, when I put my wraps on, it's a bit uh, when I put my wraps on, it's a bit tight. It's a bit tight, but I'm sure as tight. It's a bit tight, but I'm sure as tight. It's a bit tight, but I'm sure as I work them in, it's going to be just I work them in, it's going to be just I work them in, it's going to be just fine. And I have been using these for fine. And I have been using these for fine. And I have been using these for about a month now. And I have to say, I about a month now. And I have to say, I about a month now. And I have to say, I do understand the appeal. Let's just be do understand the appeal. Let's just be do understand the appeal. Let's just be real about something up front. Muay Thai real about something up front. Muay Thai real about something up front. Muay Thai gloves are not cheap. They never have gloves are not cheap. They never have gloves are not cheap. They never have been. This is not a thing where you're been. This is not a thing where you're been. This is not a thing where you're going to go on Amazon and you're going going to go on Amazon and you're going going to go on Amazon and you're going to find a $30 pair of gloves. You might. to find a $30 pair of gloves. You might. to find a $30 pair of gloves. You might. I I remember there was some few I I remember there was some few I I remember there was some few off-brands making a $30 Muay Thai glove. off-brands making a $30 Muay Thai glove. off-brands making a $30 Muay Thai glove. I don't think that exists anymore. I don't think that exists anymore. I don't think that exists anymore. Boxing gloves, you can find like a cheap Boxing gloves, you can find like a cheap Boxing gloves, you can find like a cheap vinyl boxing glove for 20 bucks on vinyl boxing glove for 20 bucks on vinyl boxing glove for 20 bucks on Amazon, but that's a boxing glove. Muay Amazon, but that's a boxing glove. Muay Amazon, but that's a boxing glove. Muay Thai gloves are just built different for Thai gloves are just built different for Thai gloves are just built different for specific reasons. If you know, you know. specific reasons. If you know, you know. specific reasons. If you know, you know. So, generally, you're spending between So, generally, you're spending between So, generally, you're spending between $60 to $100 on gloves. Fairex gloves, I $60 to $100 on gloves. Fairex gloves, I $60 to $100 on gloves. Fairex gloves, I think, if you get a deal, you're getting think, if you get a deal, you're getting think, if you get a deal, you're getting maybe a $90 glove, but mostly their maybe a $90 glove, but mostly their maybe a $90 glove, but mostly their gloves are about 115,120. I don't even gloves are about 115,120. I don't even gloves are about 115,120. I don't even know what twins cost nowadays. So, know what twins cost nowadays. So, know what twins cost nowadays. So, Yokow, as expensive as it is, it is Yokow, as expensive as it is, it is Yokow, as expensive as it is, it is priced within range. It is more priced within range. It is more priced within range. It is more expensive than their traditional expensive than their traditional expensive than their traditional competitors, but I believe with the competitors, but I believe with the competitors, but I believe with the designs and the craftsmanship, it kind designs and the craftsmanship, it kind designs and the craftsmanship, it kind of stands out. And if you like that, you of stands out. And if you like that, you of stands out. And if you like that, you like that. Uh, and I do believe these like that. Uh, and I do believe these like that. Uh, and I do believe these gloves will last. I do have some gloves will last. I do have some gloves will last. I do have some students who have Yoko gloves that students who have Yoko gloves that students who have Yoko gloves that they've had since they've been with me they've had since they've been with me they've had since they've been with me at my school and talking five, six at my school and talking five, six at my school and talking five, six years, and of course, they've bought new years, and of course, they've bought new years, and of course, they've bought new pairs, but they haven't had any issues pairs, but they haven't had any issues pairs, but they haven't had any issues with their gloves over the years. Now with their gloves over the years. Now with their gloves over the years. Now the last thing I want to talk about of the last thing I want to talk about of the last thing I want to talk about of course is if you're purchasing from course is if you're purchasing from course is if you're purchasing from Yokao their website is very easy to use Yokao their website is very easy to use Yokao their website is very easy to use as compared to their competitors. Um as compared to their competitors. Um as compared to their competitors. Um again they are catering to a again they are catering to a again they are catering to a international customer base but I have international customer base but I have international customer base but I have seen mixed reviews on their customer seen mixed reviews on their customer seen mixed reviews on their customer service. This is from my students service. This is from my students service. This is from my students directly. Now I have purchased uh directly. Now I have purchased uh directly. Now I have purchased uh something some things like I said I something some things like I said I something some things like I said I purchased clothes but recently I started purchased clothes but recently I started purchased clothes but recently I started purchasing pads and I I p purchased a a purchasing pads and I I p purchased a a purchasing pads and I I p purchased a a quad pad and some other things and I had quad pad and some other things and I had quad pad and some other things and I had no issues but I have heard I've had some no issues but I have heard I've had some no issues but I have heard I've had some students who have had issues with things students who have had issues with things students who have had issues with things that they have purchased and not getting that they have purchased and not getting that they have purchased and not getting a resolution through the customer a resolution through the customer a resolution through the customer service of of YoCow. So I have seen service of of YoCow. So I have seen service of of YoCow. So I have seen situations where the customer service situations where the customer service situations where the customer service wasn't great through other people. Me wasn't great through other people. Me wasn't great through other people. Me personally I have not experienced any personally I have not experienced any personally I have not experienced any issues with their customer service. So, issues with their customer service. So, issues with their customer service. So, it's just take that for what it is. So, it's just take that for what it is. So, it's just take that for what it is. So, guys, again, if you're curious about the guys, again, if you're curious about the guys, again, if you're curious about the brand and you've got the money and you brand and you've got the money and you brand and you've got the money and you like the designs, just go for it. It is like the designs, just go for it. It is like the designs, just go for it. It is quality. I will say that I like the fit, quality. I will say that I like the fit, quality. I will say that I like the fit, the form, and just I like using them the form, and just I like using them the form, and just I like using them more than my old Fairex gloves. So, I more than my old Fairex gloves. So, I more than my old Fairex gloves. So, I hope that review was helpful. If you hope that review was helpful. If you hope that review was helpful. If you enjoy the content on our channel, please enjoy the content on our channel, please enjoy the content on our channel, please be sure to like and subscribe, and we'll be sure to like and subscribe, and we'll be sure to like and subscribe, and we'll keep this thing going. I'll see you in keep this thing going. I'll see you in keep this thing going. I'll see you in the next