Hi guys, good day everyone. It's your mommy Lori here and welcome to my channel So today's vlog guys. I'm a greedy beauty you know handheld steamer Nana Billy Nama inside Costco few weeks ago You We're The most powerful steam Rep paleo sowment and e and attachments yeah, now for dinner I think it's a steamer so my tatloan attachments so I've put there a mix of chris attachments I'm going to use this piece of livestock and they should be removed one chords attachment is to remove or help remove the creases some a Aya nata or anes t Hubai the mitt. it's called fabric brush oops yeah so you have fabric brush I have a link to my fabric I have a link to my paper I have a link to my paper and I have a link to my paper on the other side so it helps to remove the length or fabrics so holding down last but not the least is the third attachment the steam bonnet so you steam bonnet now guys it's time to prevent the steam from falling to the garments that we are ironing because it's a steam gun so it's a protective cover to avoid from the steam I have a link to my paper the other three include the attachments this is the second one this part is the third one it's the second one it's too big I have a black knot pull it up pull it up and then it will fall on the back so I'm leaving guys I have a link to my paper Muhakar Gania is about 1 cup of water or 250 ml for the deling Ibalik just push and you hear the click and it's already secured then I have to use power button your red side is Tunsamanga delicate sorry blue Palayam delicate and then your red side is adorable so you can see the steam you can see the cap on the back and the living code so here guys the bottom up and down is to lock and unlock the three are ready but I have to lock the the you just need to press this one you just need to press this one so here guys I have a link to my paper I have a link to my paper I have a link to my paper I have a link to my paper I also have a link to my paper I have a link to my paper I have a link to my paper and then you can see the paper so here you have a little one here is one and you can see the paper is in use when there is a water even here it's warm until in this vase I'm going to add a little bit of water to the water. I'm going to add a little bit of steam. In the first few minutes, I'm going to add a little bit of white powder. I'm going to add a little bit of water. Normal water is not a good idea. The water is the same as the white powder. I'm going to add a little bit of water. I'm going to add a little bit of water. I'm going to add a little bit of water, and then plug it. I've turned on the power button. In the last few minutes, I'm going to add a little bit of light. If you are ready to use the light, you can switch it up to delicate or purple. Once you are not using it, just press it, hold it, and then it will turn off. I'm going to add a little bit of blue light. I'm going to turn the store away. I'm going to make sure my water is empty. Make sure that everything is empty. Yes, it has been done! I'm going to add a little bit of water and then add a little bit of steam. Hi guys! I am going to add a little bit of water. I'm going to add a little bit of water. push the button and the bling is ready it is ready so next step the blue light that means our steamer is ready for use so next step in less than a minute start the box so you see here the blue button if you use a delicate and once you press the other button to the right this is now the photo so I'm just gonna use a delicate one what's name guys Papa Plancha Taio Ayo Natin To Sang Pantalam Nidati press Natin To Nali What we need is some yellow sleighs In the list we are prices in AMPA 8 more ppla4 We will be planting the cree Whoopf creases your utmost as long as you are covering it I decided to switch to turg msec We strikeouts of throatless overwhelmingima We orchestrated this place Also I had to speak in Russian treatment because it's the optimal pills that i started out with ... but is the deepest responsibility so in this temperature my advantage is to take a light shot I have with this t-shirt that is made by water one and a half hour ago. An ir Talk would pack one and m 1990 with one products or special products with an I don't know if you are listening or not. So I only learnt Unimonger advantages and disadvantages in my own opinion. So thank you guys for watching and tune into my video. And I hope you guys have a wonderful day. If you haven't subscribed to my channel yet, please subscribe to my video and hit the subscribe button below this video. And to stay updated with my new uploads, please click also the bell icon. Thank you so much, just be safe and God bless you all. Bye! Thanks for watching!