>> Oh, well, hello. >> Oh, well, hello. >> Oh, well, hello. Welcome to the channel. Didn't see you Welcome to the channel. Didn't see you Welcome to the channel. Didn't see you there. Hey, glad that you are here. there. Hey, glad that you are here. there. Hey, glad that you are here. If you're not sure who I am, I'm If you're not sure who I am, I'm If you're not sure who I am, I'm Fiddling Johnny. This is my fiddle Fiddling Johnny. This is my fiddle Fiddling Johnny. This is my fiddle channel and magic product review. And I channel and magic product review. And I channel and magic product review. And I don't want to waste any of your time don't want to waste any of your time don't want to waste any of your time because I'm going to do a because I'm going to do a because I'm going to do a one of the harshest rants and reviews of one of the harshest rants and reviews of one of the harshest rants and reviews of the year on pen the year on pen the year on pen through coin. Yep. through coin. Yep. through coin. Yep. It's going to be a rough one today. So, It's going to be a rough one today. So, It's going to be a rough one today. So, stick around. stick around. stick around. We'll get right into it. I'll throw up a We'll get right into it. I'll throw up a We'll get right into it. I'll throw up a quick demo so you can see demo, and then quick demo so you can see demo, and then quick demo so you can see demo, and then we'll talk about uh what really pissed we'll talk about uh what really pissed we'll talk about uh what really pissed me off about this release. me off about this release. me off about this release. Stick around. Get right into it. All right, this is attempt two. Maybe All right, this is attempt two. Maybe All right, this is attempt two. Maybe I'll show a blooper reel if this goes I'll show a blooper reel if this goes I'll show a blooper reel if this goes well enough cuz on the first attempt I well enough cuz on the first attempt I well enough cuz on the first attempt I dropped the coin. Classic. All right, dropped the coin. Classic. All right, dropped the coin. Classic. All right, let's do a quick demo for you of uh let's do a quick demo for you of uh let's do a quick demo for you of uh pen through coin. I I I want to point pen through coin. I I I want to point pen through coin. I I I want to point out I'm going to try to get as close as out I'm going to try to get as close as out I'm going to try to get as close as possible so you can see the coin. You possible so you can see the coin. You possible so you can see the coin. You can show your coin can show your coin can show your coin both sides. Totally fine. both sides. Totally fine. both sides. Totally fine. Put that down for a second. Put that down for a second. Put that down for a second. Pen, basically a a normal pen. Um Pen, basically a a normal pen. Um Pen, basically a a normal pen. Um and I want to do this as and I want to do this as and I want to do this as close-up close-up close-up as possible so you can as possible so you can as possible so you can see that everything is going to stay see that everything is going to stay see that everything is going to stay in focus for you. So, let's go ahead and in focus for you. So, let's go ahead and in focus for you. So, let's go ahead and show both sides for you there. Um show both sides for you there. Um show both sides for you there. Um let's go ahead and do let's go ahead and do let's go ahead and do the actual penetration. I'll try to do the actual penetration. I'll try to do the actual penetration. I'll try to do it as close as possible, maybe more so it as close as possible, maybe more so it as close as possible, maybe more so than what would be in real life with a than what would be in real life with a than what would be in real life with a real person, but real person, but real person, but somewhere right there in the middle somewhere right there in the middle somewhere right there in the middle is the actual soft spot. is the actual soft spot. is the actual soft spot. You can already see You can already see You can already see that it has penetrated that it has penetrated that it has penetrated that coin. that coin. that coin. We'll do it a little bit further. And historically, And historically, And historically, you'd only show the front side, the nice you'd only show the front side, the nice you'd only show the front side, the nice side of that. side of that. side of that. But this is you can actually show But this is you can actually show But this is you can actually show both sides. So, I think that's a real both sides. So, I think that's a real both sides. So, I think that's a real advantage. advantage. advantage. Uh with this, you can have your Uh with this, you can have your Uh with this, you can have your spectator spectator spectator play with it, moving it up and down. play with it, moving it up and down. play with it, moving it up and down. If they would like, I think one of the If they would like, I think one of the If they would like, I think one of the things that some people complain about, things that some people complain about, things that some people complain about, but you can actually see how the metal but you can actually see how the metal but you can actually see how the metal from the back side, if you look really from the back side, if you look really from the back side, if you look really close. Now, most spectators aren't going close. Now, most spectators aren't going close. Now, most spectators aren't going to be this close, but you can actually to be this close, but you can actually to be this close, but you can actually see how the metal has penetrated um see how the metal has penetrated um see how the metal has penetrated um through there. So, at the end, I just through there. So, at the end, I just through there. So, at the end, I just wanted you to see this all the way to wanted you to see this all the way to wanted you to see this all the way to the end. the end. the end. You can see that we've got it all the You can see that we've got it all the You can see that we've got it all the way to the edge, and I want you way to the edge, and I want you way to the edge, and I want you to be able to examine it and see that to be able to examine it and see that to be able to examine it and see that like it all happens in just seconds, like it all happens in just seconds, like it all happens in just seconds, and goes back to its normal self. You and goes back to its normal self. You and goes back to its normal self. You can now hand out both pen can now hand out both pen can now hand out both pen and quarter and quarter and quarter for full examination. for full examination. for full examination. I hope that helps. Okay, I do not want to waste a moment. I Okay, I do not want to waste a moment. I Okay, I do not want to waste a moment. I want to get into my little rant here want to get into my little rant here want to get into my little rant here about pissed off about. about pissed off about. about pissed off about. But I figure if I'm going to do that, But I figure if I'm going to do that, But I figure if I'm going to do that, it's time to retire something. it's time to retire something. it's time to retire something. This hat This This hat This hat This This hat This hat This This hat used to see during the summer months. used to see during the summer months. used to see during the summer months. It's kind of getting yeah. It's kind of getting yeah. It's kind of getting yeah. Oh, so it's time Oh, so it's time Oh, so it's time to bring in a brand new. to bring in a brand new. to bring in a brand new. It's twin uh It's twin uh It's twin uh brand spanking new. We're going to brand spanking new. We're going to brand spanking new. We're going to retire this one. Maybe we'll send it to retire this one. Maybe we'll send it to retire this one. Maybe we'll send it to the Smithsonian the Smithsonian the Smithsonian um or something like that. um or something like that. um or something like that. Like they'll want it. All right, here we Like they'll want it. All right, here we Like they'll want it. All right, here we go. Brand new hat. I hope you enjoy it. go. Brand new hat. I hope you enjoy it. go. Brand new hat. I hope you enjoy it. Let's get into this review. Let's get into this review. Let's get into this review. And I'm not going to hold back. Um And I'm not going to hold back. Um And I'm not going to hold back. Um I tend to be pretty nice in these. I I tend to be pretty nice in these. I I tend to be pretty nice in these. I tend to uh tend to uh tend to uh give latitude at times, and not today. give latitude at times, and not today. give latitude at times, and not today. It I It I It I I'm undeserving of it. I'm undeserving of it. I'm undeserving of it. What is Pen Through Coin by Michael Ammar and Pen Through Coin by Michael Ammar and Pen Through Coin by Michael Ammar and Penguin Magic? Let me begin by saying Penguin Magic? Let me begin by saying Penguin Magic? Let me begin by saying I learned this effect from Michael Ammar I learned this effect from Michael Ammar I learned this effect from Michael Ammar 30 years ago at least, maybe a little 30 years ago at least, maybe a little 30 years ago at least, maybe a little bit longer. I went to a lecture of his bit longer. I went to a lecture of his bit longer. I went to a lecture of his uh at least three decades ago. Purchased uh at least three decades ago. Purchased uh at least three decades ago. Purchased from him a VCR tape. from him a VCR tape. from him a VCR tape. And it was on his VCR tape. I think at And it was on his VCR tape. I think at And it was on his VCR tape. I think at the time he said to me that there was a the time he said to me that there was a the time he said to me that there was a transition to more DVDs, and I think he transition to more DVDs, and I think he transition to more DVDs, and I think he said to me like, "I think this is the said to me like, "I think this is the said to me like, "I think this is the last VCR tape that I have." So, um last VCR tape that I have." So, um last VCR tape that I have." So, um yeah. So, I watched that. It had uh Pen yeah. So, I watched that. It had uh Pen yeah. So, I watched that. It had uh Pen Through Coin or Cigarette Through Coin. Through Coin or Cigarette Through Coin. Through Coin or Cigarette Through Coin. And it was beautiful. And what was most And it was beautiful. And what was most And it was beautiful. And what was most beautiful about it was how he ends it. beautiful about it was how he ends it. beautiful about it was how he ends it. He does a switch that is so seamless He does a switch that is so seamless He does a switch that is so seamless that you believe your eyes have never that you believe your eyes have never that you believe your eyes have never left seeing that coin with the hole in left seeing that coin with the hole in left seeing that coin with the hole in it. And as he passes it right back to it. And as he passes it right back to it. And as he passes it right back to you, you, you, the whole vanish is done. Um and it was the whole vanish is done. Um and it was the whole vanish is done. Um and it was done with such elegance. I've been done with such elegance. I've been done with such elegance. I've been inspired by it ever since to try to inspired by it ever since to try to inspired by it ever since to try to replicate in the beautiful way that he replicate in the beautiful way that he replicate in the beautiful way that he does. does. does. I have performed uh Cigarette Through I have performed uh Cigarette Through I have performed uh Cigarette Through Coin not hundreds of times, literally Coin not hundreds of times, literally Coin not hundreds of times, literally thousands of times. So, this is an thousands of times. So, this is an thousands of times. So, this is an effect I'm really well aware of. Uh have effect I'm really well aware of. Uh have effect I'm really well aware of. Uh have performed professionally performed professionally performed professionally thousands of times. thousands of times. thousands of times. Now, I used to perform it with frequency Now, I used to perform it with frequency Now, I used to perform it with frequency um again decades ago when I played bands um again decades ago when I played bands um again decades ago when I played bands and during intermissions, I would do and during intermissions, I would do and during intermissions, I would do magic. And since in those days people magic. And since in those days people magic. And since in those days people could smoke in bars, it was a great I could smoke in bars, it was a great I could smoke in bars, it was a great I would borrow somebody's cigarette, would borrow somebody's cigarette, would borrow somebody's cigarette, borrow a coin, and the next thing I'm borrow a coin, and the next thing I'm borrow a coin, and the next thing I'm putting the cigarette through the coin. putting the cigarette through the coin. putting the cigarette through the coin. These days, These days, These days, nobody's smoking bars anymore. In fact, nobody's smoking bars anymore. In fact, nobody's smoking bars anymore. In fact, very few people smoke. Thank goodness. I very few people smoke. Thank goodness. I very few people smoke. Thank goodness. I love that uh about it. So, finding the love that uh about it. So, finding the love that uh about it. So, finding the new updated ways to do it with a uh pen new updated ways to do it with a uh pen new updated ways to do it with a uh pen or pencil through the coin. So, or pencil through the coin. So, or pencil through the coin. So, that's the effect. It's a penetration that's the effect. It's a penetration that's the effect. It's a penetration effect, a solid through solid, which in effect, a solid through solid, which in effect, a solid through solid, which in magic is literally one of my favorite magic is literally one of my favorite magic is literally one of my favorite effects. Any penetration effect, I'm effects. Any penetration effect, I'm effects. Any penetration effect, I'm going to check it out and be very going to check it out and be very going to check it out and be very interested in it. And this is one I've interested in it. And this is one I've interested in it. And this is one I've loved forever. loved forever. loved forever. Michael Moran's now updated it. He's Michael Moran's now updated it. He's Michael Moran's now updated it. He's updated over the years through his updated over the years through his updated over the years through his different methods. I do think this is an different methods. I do think this is an different methods. I do think this is an advancement, and I think it's a good advancement, and I think it's a good advancement, and I think it's a good advancement. And the simple advantage is advancement. And the simple advantage is advancement. And the simple advantage is that you can now show the coin cleanly that you can now show the coin cleanly that you can now show the coin cleanly on both sides during the penetration. on both sides during the penetration. on both sides during the penetration. It's a nice advancement. It's a nice advancement. It's a nice advancement. All right, so All right, so All right, so let's first talk about what you get, and let's first talk about what you get, and let's first talk about what you get, and then I'm not going to make you wait till then I'm not going to make you wait till then I'm not going to make you wait till the end. I'm going to rank here towards the end. I'm going to rank here towards the end. I'm going to rank here towards the top. the top. the top. What do you get? You're going to get one What do you get? You're going to get one What do you get? You're going to get one normal quarter. normal quarter. normal quarter. You're going to get one gimmick quarter. You're going to get one gimmick quarter. You're going to get one gimmick quarter. Then you're going to get a consumable. Then you're going to get a consumable. Then you're going to get a consumable. They advertise it as 100 consumables in They advertise it as 100 consumables in They advertise it as 100 consumables in the package. I think they got 105. So, the package. I think they got 105. So, the package. I think they got 105. So, basically you get 100 consumables basically you get 100 consumables basically you get 100 consumables that you use one each time you perform. that you use one each time you perform. that you use one each time you perform. And on top of that, since it's produced And on top of that, since it's produced And on top of that, since it's produced by Penguin Magic on their video by Penguin Magic on their video by Penguin Magic on their video streaming platform, you'll get a streaming platform, you'll get a streaming platform, you'll get a 17-minute video 17-minute video 17-minute video that's streamable and downloadable from that's streamable and downloadable from that's streamable and downloadable from Penguin Magic. 17 minutes. All right, so Penguin Magic. 17 minutes. All right, so Penguin Magic. 17 minutes. All right, so let's talk about how are the let's talk about how are the let's talk about how are the instructions? Horrible. Horrible. Horrible. Maybe some of the worst I've ever seen. Maybe some of the worst I've ever seen. Maybe some of the worst I've ever seen. It's clearly the worst of 2026. It's clearly the worst of 2026. It's clearly the worst of 2026. Just Just Just going to curse. I promised not to curse going to curse. I promised not to curse going to curse. I promised not to curse on this channel. on this channel. on this channel. Um yeah, it's just horrible, plain and Um yeah, it's just horrible, plain and Um yeah, it's just horrible, plain and simple. Um simple. Um simple. Um and why is it horrible? and why is it horrible? and why is it horrible? Here's the reason it's horrible. Here's the reason it's horrible. Here's the reason it's horrible. And I'm not talking about the effect, And I'm not talking about the effect, And I'm not talking about the effect, I'm talking about their tutorial. I'm talking about their tutorial. I'm talking about their tutorial. Penguin Magic is responsible for this in Penguin Magic is responsible for this in Penguin Magic is responsible for this in my opinion, not Michael. my opinion, not Michael. my opinion, not Michael. I've experienced over buying lots of I've experienced over buying lots of I've experienced over buying lots of magic tricks over the decades is that magic tricks over the decades is that magic tricks over the decades is that you get a legend uh who's releasing you get a legend uh who's releasing you get a legend uh who's releasing something and then they teach it and something and then they teach it and something and then they teach it and they perform it. And you can see they they perform it. And you can see they they perform it. And you can see they are great performers. They are a great are great performers. They are a great are great performers. They are a great creator, but maybe not always the best creator, but maybe not always the best creator, but maybe not always the best teacher. I don't think Michael Ammar teacher. I don't think Michael Ammar teacher. I don't think Michael Ammar actually is a terrible teacher. He's actually is a terrible teacher. He's actually is a terrible teacher. He's really probably one of the very first really probably one of the very first really probably one of the very first for, you know, folks in our modern age for, you know, folks in our modern age for, you know, folks in our modern age doing doing doing um touring and and lectures and whatnot. um touring and and lectures and whatnot. um touring and and lectures and whatnot. He's really led the way. He's really led the way. He's really led the way. But I think he makes assumptions that But I think he makes assumptions that But I think he makes assumptions that you know more, you know, teaches in a you know more, you know, teaches in a you know more, you know, teaches in a way that as if you're already way that as if you're already way that as if you're already experienced. And probably many of you experienced. And probably many of you experienced. And probably many of you are already experienced, so it's not a are already experienced, so it's not a are already experienced, so it's not a big deal. big deal. big deal. But Penguin Magic's target audience is But Penguin Magic's target audience is But Penguin Magic's target audience is predominantly a hobbyist and a beginner. predominantly a hobbyist and a beginner. predominantly a hobbyist and a beginner. And I think more so for beginners here, And I think more so for beginners here, And I think more so for beginners here, if you are a beginner in magic, you're if you are a beginner in magic, you're if you are a beginner in magic, you're new to this effect, new to this effect, new to this effect, they won't teach you appropriately on they won't teach you appropriately on they won't teach you appropriately on this. You will end up having to teach this. You will end up having to teach this. You will end up having to teach yourself. Now, I'm finally like you yourself. Now, I'm finally like you yourself. Now, I'm finally like you don't need to be hand-held through don't need to be hand-held through don't need to be hand-held through everything, but when your audience everything, but when your audience everything, but when your audience is predominantly beginners and a is predominantly beginners and a is predominantly beginners and a hobbyist and you disrespect them by not hobbyist and you disrespect them by not hobbyist and you disrespect them by not teaching them the most important thing, teaching them the most important thing, teaching them the most important thing, which is the slides on this, which is the slides on this, which is the slides on this, you haven't done your job. You're you haven't done your job. You're you haven't done your job. You're ripping people off. ripping people off. ripping people off. Um and I want to be harsh because it's Um and I want to be harsh because it's Um and I want to be harsh because it's true. Penguin, your audience are a lot true. Penguin, your audience are a lot true. Penguin, your audience are a lot of young folks just learning. And the of young folks just learning. And the of young folks just learning. And the slides that are taught on this is 17 slides that are taught on this is 17 slides that are taught on this is 17 minutes in length. minutes in length. minutes in length. I found myself being so pissed off when I found myself being so pissed off when I found myself being so pissed off when I was watching it when they went to the I was watching it when they went to the I was watching it when they went to the slides cuz my experience I've been doing slides cuz my experience I've been doing slides cuz my experience I've been doing this uh um variations of this for this uh um variations of this for this uh um variations of this for decades. And basically we're just decades. And basically we're just decades. And basically we're just talking switches. You can do any switch talking switches. You can do any switch talking switches. You can do any switch in the world that you want and it's in the world that you want and it's in the world that you want and it's totally fine. They teach three switches totally fine. They teach three switches totally fine. They teach three switches on here over the course of 17 minutes. on here over the course of 17 minutes. on here over the course of 17 minutes. With three switches, the total screen With three switches, the total screen With three switches, the total screen time in teaching those switches is 4 time in teaching those switches is 4 time in teaching those switches is 4 minutes. All right? Um Penguin can minutes. All right? Um Penguin can minutes. All right? Um Penguin can dispute me on that. They can type in oh dispute me on that. They can type in oh dispute me on that. They can type in oh no he's been doing this for like what no he's been doing this for like what no he's been doing this for like what are you talking about? You're not are you talking about? You're not are you talking about? You're not demoing showing us. demoing showing us. demoing showing us. 4 freaking minutes. 4 freaking minutes. 4 freaking minutes. To teach the slides. If you're brand new To teach the slides. If you're brand new To teach the slides. If you're brand new in magic, you're not going to in magic, you're not going to in magic, you're not going to can you figure it out? Yes, of course can you figure it out? Yes, of course can you figure it out? Yes, of course you can figure it out. You're not dumb you can figure it out. You're not dumb you can figure it out. You're not dumb dumbs, right? dumbs, right? dumbs, right? But uh But uh But uh I feel like Penguin Magic just messes up I feel like Penguin Magic just messes up I feel like Penguin Magic just messes up on this one. It messes up on this one. on this one. It messes up on this one. on this one. It messes up on this one. It's that It's that It's that take your time. Slow down. take your time. Slow down. take your time. Slow down. You're really doing a disservice to your You're really doing a disservice to your You're really doing a disservice to your own brand. If I were brand new in magic own brand. If I were brand new in magic own brand. If I were brand new in magic and I had purchased this, I'd be mad as and I had purchased this, I'd be mad as and I had purchased this, I'd be mad as hell. hell. hell. Because I would have to go to somebody Because I would have to go to somebody Because I would have to go to somebody who's my mentor, somebody else who's who's my mentor, somebody else who's who's my mentor, somebody else who's been doing magic for a while. Just been doing magic for a while. Just been doing magic for a while. Just probably walk me through it. Or I'd probably walk me through it. Or I'd probably walk me through it. Or I'd spend more hours than maybe necessary spend more hours than maybe necessary spend more hours than maybe necessary and wasted practice time. And not good and wasted practice time. And not good and wasted practice time. And not good quality practice time because I didn't quality practice time because I didn't quality practice time because I didn't get good quality tutorial on it. get good quality tutorial on it. get good quality tutorial on it. So So So Penguin Magic and Eric Chien, I hope Penguin Magic and Eric Chien, I hope Penguin Magic and Eric Chien, I hope you're listening. you're listening. you're listening. I buy so much stuff from you guys. I buy so much stuff from you guys. I buy so much stuff from you guys. Great respect for you Eric and your Great respect for you Eric and your Great respect for you Eric and your skill level. skill level. skill level. But you have to do a better job when you But you have to do a better job when you But you have to do a better job when you think about your core audience on this think about your core audience on this think about your core audience on this and you need to do more detail for the and you need to do more detail for the and you need to do more detail for the beginner for these specific slides. Even beginner for these specific slides. Even beginner for these specific slides. Even though they're simple slides, you did though they're simple slides, you did though they're simple slides, you did not spend adequate time on it. not spend adequate time on it. not spend adequate time on it. If you purchase this and you're brand If you purchase this and you're brand If you purchase this and you're brand new, leave your thoughts on it. Maybe new, leave your thoughts on it. Maybe new, leave your thoughts on it. Maybe I'm totally wrong. Maybe I've been doing I'm totally wrong. Maybe I've been doing I'm totally wrong. Maybe I've been doing this for too many decades and have this for too many decades and have this for too many decades and have misperception of what the new person misperception of what the new person misperception of what the new person experiences. experiences. experiences. But I think I'm speaking from my own But I think I'm speaking from my own But I think I'm speaking from my own experience of like when I was younger experience of like when I was younger experience of like when I was younger and starting and this was the tutorial I and starting and this was the tutorial I and starting and this was the tutorial I got, I'd be pissed off and feel like I got, I'd be pissed off and feel like I got, I'd be pissed off and feel like I got ripped off on the most important got ripped off on the most important got ripped off on the most important piece of it which is what are the piece of it which is what are the piece of it which is what are the methods and how do I do it? methods and how do I do it? methods and how do I do it? Show you're going to get gimmicks, and Show you're going to get gimmicks, and Show you're going to get gimmicks, and the gimmicks are great. the gimmicks are great. the gimmicks are great. But, I need appropriate tutorial. But, I need appropriate tutorial. But, I need appropriate tutorial. All right. 4 minutes, All right. 4 minutes, All right. 4 minutes, three slides, all taught three slides, all taught three slides, all taught too quickly and not with enough detail. All right, let me try to be a little bit All right, let me try to be a little bit All right, let me try to be a little bit more chipper now. more chipper now. more chipper now. How is the gimmick? How is the gimmick? How is the gimmick? The gimmick is pretty meaningful. The gimmick is pretty meaningful. The gimmick is pretty meaningful. Uh and there's two aspects of this Uh and there's two aspects of this Uh and there's two aspects of this gimmick. You're going to get a gimmick gimmick. You're going to get a gimmick gimmick. You're going to get a gimmick coin. Now, the gimmick coin, the nice coin. Now, the gimmick coin, the nice coin. Now, the gimmick coin, the nice thing about it is it it'll last forever. thing about it is it it'll last forever. thing about it is it it'll last forever. You can drop it, throw it in the wash. You can drop it, throw it in the wash. You can drop it, throw it in the wash. There's no moving parts. There's nothing There's no moving parts. There's nothing There's no moving parts. There's nothing to break on it. So, that is nice. Many to break on it. So, that is nice. Many to break on it. So, that is nice. Many of you who do coin magic probably of you who do coin magic probably of you who do coin magic probably already have already have already have this type of a gimmick coin. this type of a gimmick coin. this type of a gimmick coin. The thing that is really nice is the The thing that is really nice is the The thing that is really nice is the next evolution of this effect that next evolution of this effect that next evolution of this effect that Michael Michael Michael Michael Ammar has come up with. Michael Ammar has come up with. Michael Ammar has come up with. And um And um And um that's the consumable piece of it. So, that's the consumable piece of it. So, that's the consumable piece of it. So, you're looking at it right now. It is you're looking at it right now. It is you're looking at it right now. It is really freaking So, I'll pick it up to really freaking So, I'll pick it up to really freaking So, I'll pick it up to the camera so you can see it up close. the camera so you can see it up close. the camera so you can see it up close. I'll talk a little bit more about it. All right, here it is right here. You're All right, here it is right here. You're All right, here it is right here. You're looking at it. That should look like a looking at it. That should look like a looking at it. That should look like a completely normal quarter. And you know completely normal quarter. And you know completely normal quarter. And you know why? Cuz it is a normal quarter. Uh but, why? Cuz it is a normal quarter. Uh but, why? Cuz it is a normal quarter. Uh but, you've essentially added something to you've essentially added something to you've essentially added something to it, right? And so, um I think it looks it, right? And so, um I think it looks it, right? And so, um I think it looks good. Now, you can't show fully the back good. Now, you can't show fully the back good. Now, you can't show fully the back side of it, side of it, side of it, but you can show the front side of it. but you can show the front side of it. but you can show the front side of it. And here is And here is And here is the coin that was sent to me. the coin that was sent to me. the coin that was sent to me. And in reality, no one's ever going to And in reality, no one's ever going to And in reality, no one's ever going to notice the difference between what you notice the difference between what you notice the difference between what you switched in and switched out and which switched in and switched out and which switched in and switched out and which one is the uh original coin and which one is the uh original coin and which one is the uh original coin and which one's the gimmick coin. Um so, this is one's the gimmick coin. Um so, this is one's the gimmick coin. Um so, this is beautiful, I think. And they have done a beautiful, I think. And they have done a beautiful, I think. And they have done a great job with this aspect. I won't spend a lot more time on it I won't spend a lot more time on it I won't spend a lot more time on it other than to say this method with this other than to say this method with this other than to say this method with this improvement gimmick improvement gimmick improvement gimmick consumable is really good, but I do have consumable is really good, but I do have consumable is really good, but I do have one major problem with it that I'll chat one major problem with it that I'll chat one major problem with it that I'll chat about a little bit later. about a little bit later. about a little bit later. All right, so gimmick good. All right, so gimmick good. All right, so gimmick good. Um Um Um I I think it's nice about it is that I I think it's nice about it is that I I think it's nice about it is that this gimmick allows you to show the pen this gimmick allows you to show the pen this gimmick allows you to show the pen once penetrated from both sides. That's once penetrated from both sides. That's once penetrated from both sides. That's one of the advancements here. one of the advancements here. one of the advancements here. And I've seen online that people have And I've seen online that people have And I've seen online that people have complained about once you've done the complained about once you've done the complained about once you've done the penetration that it kind of penetration that it kind of penetration that it kind of you can sort of start to detect what the you can sort of start to detect what the you can sort of start to detect what the method is. That's not my experience at method is. That's not my experience at method is. That's not my experience at all. In fact, to me it looks like, "Oh, all. In fact, to me it looks like, "Oh, all. In fact, to me it looks like, "Oh, wow, that looks the way if you actually wow, that looks the way if you actually wow, that looks the way if you actually melted it's uh melted it's uh melted it's uh a pen through it, what it would look a pen through it, what it would look a pen through it, what it would look like from the back end. Now, in reality, like from the back end. Now, in reality, like from the back end. Now, in reality, most of us are going to just briefly be most of us are going to just briefly be most of us are going to just briefly be showing the uh pen and from the back showing the uh pen and from the back showing the uh pen and from the back side of people aren't going to be side of people aren't going to be side of people aren't going to be staring at it in detail. So, I think staring at it in detail. So, I think staring at it in detail. So, I think that's a little bit of magician thinking that's a little bit of magician thinking that's a little bit of magician thinking uh on that, but um uh on that, but um uh on that, but um that's my experience. that's my experience. that's my experience. And with that said, let me add And with that said, let me add And with that said, let me add I'll probably take away from everything I'll probably take away from everything I'll probably take away from everything that I just said. Uh I think I've that I just said. Uh I think I've that I just said. Uh I think I've probably put a demo at the front of this probably put a demo at the front of this probably put a demo at the front of this and maybe I'll put bloopers at the end. and maybe I'll put bloopers at the end. and maybe I'll put bloopers at the end. I did perform this for my son who knows I did perform this for my son who knows I did perform this for my son who knows a lot of magic cuz he sees me perform a lot of magic cuz he sees me perform a lot of magic cuz he sees me perform magic. And he immediately magic. And he immediately magic. And he immediately uh said, "Oh, uh said, "Oh, uh said, "Oh, well, that kind of looks like paper." well, that kind of looks like paper." well, that kind of looks like paper." And uh he was able to discern the method And uh he was able to discern the method And uh he was able to discern the method right away. right away. right away. So, I I don't want to post that because So, I I don't want to post that because So, I I don't want to post that because it sort of reveals method, but um it sort of reveals method, but um it sort of reveals method, but um he he was able to figure it out right he he was able to figure it out right he he was able to figure it out right away. I think for most muggles, they're away. I think for most muggles, they're away. I think for most muggles, they're not going to notice and it's not a big not going to notice and it's not a big not going to notice and it's not a big deal. That's my perception. Despite that deal. That's my perception. Despite that deal. That's my perception. Despite that my experience was the opposite uh of my experience was the opposite uh of my experience was the opposite uh of that. All right. So, once you run out of that. All right. So, once you run out of that. All right. So, once you run out of your 100 consumables, you'll need to buy your 100 consumables, you'll need to buy your 100 consumables, you'll need to buy more. If you want to buy 100 additional more. If you want to buy 100 additional more. If you want to buy 100 additional consumables, they're $19.95. consumables, they're $19.95. consumables, they're $19.95. Now, I think that's too expensive for Now, I think that's too expensive for Now, I think that's too expensive for what it is. I think $10 would be a much what it is. I think $10 would be a much what it is. I think $10 would be a much more appropriate price. I don't know how more appropriate price. I don't know how more appropriate price. I don't know how much it costs them to make these, but um much it costs them to make these, but um much it costs them to make these, but um $20 seems a little bit expensive to me. $20 seems a little bit expensive to me. $20 seems a little bit expensive to me. But, and maybe I'm pissed still at the But, and maybe I'm pissed still at the But, and maybe I'm pissed still at the tutorial being so bad, so I don't want tutorial being so bad, so I don't want tutorial being so bad, so I don't want to say anything nice about it. But, it to say anything nice about it. But, it to say anything nice about it. But, it does seem a little bit expensive for the does seem a little bit expensive for the does seem a little bit expensive for the consumer. I will add, today I went to go consumer. I will add, today I went to go consumer. I will add, today I went to go see the consumables and confirm what the see the consumables and confirm what the see the consumables and confirm what the price is. Sold out. price is. Sold out. price is. Sold out. long am I going to wait for them to uh long am I going to wait for them to uh long am I going to wait for them to uh restock these? Uh will they restock restock these? Uh will they restock restock these? Uh will they restock these? I'd like to assume that of course these? I'd like to assume that of course these? I'd like to assume that of course they will. But, um found it a bit they will. But, um found it a bit they will. But, um found it a bit annoying annoying annoying uh on that. I will add, despite my rage uh on that. I will add, despite my rage uh on that. I will add, despite my rage and being pissed off with this release, and being pissed off with this release, and being pissed off with this release, I'm I'm I'm going to perform this. I'm going to get going to perform this. I'm going to get going to perform this. I'm going to get my 100 performances um out of the way. my 100 performances um out of the way. my 100 performances um out of the way. And if I like it and getting good And if I like it and getting good And if I like it and getting good good response, good response, good response, yeah, I'll probably pay the $19.95 yeah, I'll probably pay the $19.95 yeah, I'll probably pay the $19.95 for the consumable. Um for the consumable. Um for the consumable. Um probably somewhat reluctantly probably somewhat reluctantly probably somewhat reluctantly cuz I cannot produce them myself. These cuz I cannot produce them myself. These cuz I cannot produce them myself. These are something that are unique and not so are something that are unique and not so are something that are unique and not so like, oh I can figure out my own way of like, oh I can figure out my own way of like, oh I can figure out my own way of producing those. No, that's not going to producing those. No, that's not going to producing those. No, that's not going to happen. happen. happen. Um I'm not aware of anybody else making Um I'm not aware of anybody else making Um I'm not aware of anybody else making this consumable. So, um this consumable. So, um this consumable. So, um my thoughts on that for you. Do what you my thoughts on that for you. Do what you my thoughts on that for you. Do what you will with it. What's the skill level? Is it beginner What's the skill level? Is it beginner What's the skill level? Is it beginner level? This is a beginner skill level level? This is a beginner skill level level? This is a beginner skill level that is an effect that's performed by that is an effect that's performed by that is an effect that's performed by professionals all the time. Um if you professionals all the time. Um if you professionals all the time. Um if you are a beginner, are a beginner, are a beginner, just understand that you purchased this, just understand that you purchased this, just understand that you purchased this, the tutorial is inadequate. You can the tutorial is inadequate. You can the tutorial is inadequate. You can take your time and figure it out, uh take your time and figure it out, uh take your time and figure it out, uh which I believe you can. It'll be nice which I believe you can. It'll be nice which I believe you can. It'll be nice to maybe have a mentor or or somebody to maybe have a mentor or or somebody to maybe have a mentor or or somebody who's more experienced who can help you who's more experienced who can help you who's more experienced who can help you through uh the switches. Um you can use through uh the switches. Um you can use through uh the switches. Um you can use any switch you want with this. any switch you want with this. any switch you want with this. The ones they teach I think are good The ones they teach I think are good The ones they teach I think are good switches to use for this specific set of switches to use for this specific set of switches to use for this specific set of conditions, uh but they're taught so conditions, uh but they're taught so conditions, uh but they're taught so poorly. poorly. poorly. It does require a little bit of practice It does require a little bit of practice It does require a little bit of practice and spend time in the mirror. Uh the and spend time in the mirror. Uh the and spend time in the mirror. Uh the upside of this is that being such a poor upside of this is that being such a poor upside of this is that being such a poor tutorial, I found myself practicing a tutorial, I found myself practicing a tutorial, I found myself practicing a what felt to me a more natural way of what felt to me a more natural way of what felt to me a more natural way of how would I pull a coin off of um off of how would I pull a coin off of um off of how would I pull a coin off of um off of a pen if it was penetration like this. a pen if it was penetration like this. a pen if it was penetration like this. None of them taught on the video. And I None of them taught on the video. And I None of them taught on the video. And I don't really want to have what feels don't really want to have what feels don't really want to have what feels like this is how somebody would normally like this is how somebody would normally like this is how somebody would normally pull it off. There's it's almost pull it off. There's it's almost pull it off. There's it's almost backwards. It works for the tutorial. I backwards. It works for the tutorial. I backwards. It works for the tutorial. I think it's fine method-wise. Uh think it's fine method-wise. Uh think it's fine method-wise. Uh but but but the upside is like, "Oh, I don't like the upside is like, "Oh, I don't like the upside is like, "Oh, I don't like it. I'm going to figure out a way to do it. I'm going to figure out a way to do it. I'm going to figure out a way to do a switch that really works for me. That a switch that really works for me. That a switch that really works for me. That looks as clean as uh what is taught on looks as clean as uh what is taught on looks as clean as uh what is taught on the tutorial." So, that could kind of be the tutorial." So, that could kind of be the tutorial." So, that could kind of be considered an uh an upside. considered an uh an upside. considered an uh an upside. All right, let me sort of um talk about All right, let me sort of um talk about All right, let me sort of um talk about some of the um Oh, I should mention in some of the um Oh, I should mention in some of the um Oh, I should mention in terms of skill level and stuff. The terms of skill level and stuff. The terms of skill level and stuff. The downside of this um on the tutorial is downside of this um on the tutorial is downside of this um on the tutorial is um it's um it's um it's you just need to know how to do a slide you just need to know how to do a slide you just need to know how to do a slide to slide is a to slide is a to slide is a uh is a switch a coin switch. You use it uh is a switch a coin switch. You use it uh is a switch a coin switch. You use it whatever you want. But, they never whatever you want. But, they never whatever you want. But, they never talked about the ditch. And that like at talked about the ditch. And that like at talked about the ditch. And that like at the end you might want to ditch the coin the end you might want to ditch the coin the end you might want to ditch the coin to be completely free. They don't even to be completely free. They don't even to be completely free. They don't even mention ditching the coin in this. Now, mention ditching the coin in this. Now, mention ditching the coin in this. Now, in my humble opinion, I haven't in my humble opinion, I haven't in my humble opinion, I haven't performed it thousands of times. Nine performed it thousands of times. Nine performed it thousands of times. Nine out of 10 times I I just don't ditch cuz out of 10 times I I just don't ditch cuz out of 10 times I I just don't ditch cuz no need to because people aren't no need to because people aren't no need to because people aren't suspecting that I'm holding something suspecting that I'm holding something suspecting that I'm holding something cuz it's been performed so cleanly. cuz it's been performed so cleanly. cuz it's been performed so cleanly. However, However, However, it would be nice for it to be at least it would be nice for it to be at least it would be nice for it to be at least addressed. It's not even mentioned in addressed. It's not even mentioned in addressed. It's not even mentioned in the tutorial. Again, just a major the tutorial. Again, just a major the tutorial. Again, just a major major fail. major fail. major fail. Let me go on about that one more time. Let me go on about that one more time. Let me go on about that one more time. In this day and age, In this day and age, In this day and age, the cheapest part of this production is the cheapest part of this production is the cheapest part of this production is the tutorial. The consumables, the the tutorial. The consumables, the the tutorial. The consumables, the production of the gas coin, that production of the gas coin, that production of the gas coin, that actually costs money. That's probably actually costs money. That's probably actually costs money. That's probably the most expensive portion of this. the most expensive portion of this. the most expensive portion of this. Filming the tutorial is the cheapest Filming the tutorial is the cheapest Filming the tutorial is the cheapest part of this. And that's the part that part of this. And that's the part that part of this. And that's the part that they couldn't get right. Um all right. they couldn't get right. Um all right. they couldn't get right. Um all right. Enough of that. Uh let's see, pros and Enough of that. Uh let's see, pros and Enough of that. Uh let's see, pros and cons. Um cons. Um cons. Um mention the tutorial. mention the tutorial. mention the tutorial. The consumables are great. Not great for a walk-around gig. If Not great for a walk-around gig. If Not great for a walk-around gig. If you're doing working professionally you're doing working professionally you're doing working professionally doing walk-around, the reset, you can't doing walk-around, the reset, you can't doing walk-around, the reset, you can't reset in front of your spectator. You reset in front of your spectator. You reset in front of your spectator. You need to step away and do the reset. So, need to step away and do the reset. So, need to step away and do the reset. So, I think it's a one-and-done type of I think it's a one-and-done type of I think it's a one-and-done type of effect. But, it's a good one-and-done effect. But, it's a good one-and-done effect. But, it's a good one-and-done effect. I think who's going to like this? I I think who's going to like this? I I think who's going to like this? I think somebody who's an experienced think somebody who's an experienced think somebody who's an experienced magician who likes everyday carry with magician who likes everyday carry with magician who likes everyday carry with coin magic coin magic coin magic with everyday objects. I think that's with everyday objects. I think that's with everyday objects. I think that's who's who's going to going to like this who's who's going to going to like this who's who's going to going to like this with great visual effects. And also the with great visual effects. And also the with great visual effects. And also the fact that you can hand them out at the fact that you can hand them out at the fact that you can hand them out at the end, and everyone can touch everything, end, and everyone can touch everything, end, and everyone can touch everything, and there's nothing for them to see at and there's nothing for them to see at and there's nothing for them to see at the end. So, let's talk about cost. So, the end. So, let's talk about cost. So, the end. So, let's talk about cost. So, the cost of this is $39.95. the cost of this is $39.95. the cost of this is $39.95. I actually think that's a very good I actually think that's a very good I actually think that's a very good price point for this product. For as price point for this product. For as price point for this product. For as good as an effect as it is, good as an effect as it is, good as an effect as it is, I think that's a great price point. I think that's a great price point. I think that's a great price point. Except for if you're new and you need a Except for if you're new and you need a Except for if you're new and you need a good tutorial, it's a waste of time. good tutorial, it's a waste of time. good tutorial, it's a waste of time. I do have a problem with the refills I do have a problem with the refills I do have a problem with the refills costing $19.95. Essentially, 20 US costing $19.95. Essentially, 20 US costing $19.95. Essentially, 20 US dollars for the refills. I think that's dollars for the refills. I think that's dollars for the refills. I think that's overpriced. Should be half of that. overpriced. Should be half of that. overpriced. Should be half of that. All right, that's it. That's my thought All right, that's it. That's my thought All right, that's it. That's my thought on this. Uh it's disappointing for me on this. Uh it's disappointing for me on this. Uh it's disappointing for me for an effect I love by a legend I for an effect I love by a legend I for an effect I love by a legend I admire uh with just a admire uh with just a admire uh with just a shitty shitty shitty I mean, uh a terrible tutorial. And um I mean, uh a terrible tutorial. And um I mean, uh a terrible tutorial. And um it really misses the mark, and I think it really misses the mark, and I think it really misses the mark, and I think Penguin Magic's primary audience are Penguin Magic's primary audience are Penguin Magic's primary audience are hobbyists and beginners. That's their hobbyists and beginners. That's their hobbyists and beginners. That's their core audience. And they have core audience. And they have core audience. And they have disrespected their core audience on this disrespected their core audience on this disrespected their core audience on this one by not providing an adequate one by not providing an adequate one by not providing an adequate tutorial. tutorial. tutorial. It feels disrespectful to me. It feels disrespectful to me. It feels disrespectful to me. If I were If you're brand new and you're If I were If you're brand new and you're If I were If you're brand new and you're considering this, don't buy it because considering this, don't buy it because considering this, don't buy it because Penguin should not be rewarded for Penguin should not be rewarded for Penguin should not be rewarded for putting out putting out putting out a sloppy tutorial. The effect is great. a sloppy tutorial. The effect is great. a sloppy tutorial. The effect is great. What the materials provided are great. What the materials provided are great. What the materials provided are great. Tutorial needs to be redone and taught. Tutorial needs to be redone and taught. Tutorial needs to be redone and taught. And Eric Tate, And Eric Tate, And Eric Tate, you're probably the person who's you're probably the person who's you're probably the person who's responsible for this. And as much as I responsible for this. And as much as I responsible for this. And as much as I great admiration great admiration great admiration for for for what you do in the work and I think it's what you do in the work and I think it's what you do in the work and I think it's really really really most of time excellent. most of time excellent. most of time excellent. Um the tutorials needs to be better. Um the tutorials needs to be better. Um the tutorials needs to be better. Take the time for somebody who's brand Take the time for somebody who's brand Take the time for somebody who's brand new and make sure that they walk away. new and make sure that they walk away. new and make sure that they walk away. Maybe you include somebody who's brand Maybe you include somebody who's brand Maybe you include somebody who's brand new in magic and you do it new in magic and you do it new in magic and you do it teach them in front of us the spectator teach them in front of us the spectator teach them in front of us the spectator so that um so that um so that um it it it meets that mark. All right. meets that mark. All right. meets that mark. All right. That's it for me. If you purchased this That's it for me. If you purchased this That's it for me. If you purchased this and you hear my rant add your thoughts. and you hear my rant add your thoughts. and you hear my rant add your thoughts. Maybe I'm totally wrong. Maybe you have Maybe I'm totally wrong. Maybe you have Maybe I'm totally wrong. Maybe you have a different perspective. Think about if a different perspective. Think about if a different perspective. Think about if you were brand new you were brand new you were brand new uh person in magic, would this tutorial uh person in magic, would this tutorial uh person in magic, would this tutorial be adequate for you or not? be adequate for you or not? be adequate for you or not? Tell me about what the pain points are Tell me about what the pain points are Tell me about what the pain points are for this in terms of things that you for this in terms of things that you for this in terms of things that you like or dislike. like or dislike. like or dislike. Um and uh tell me if I'm crazy or not. Um and uh tell me if I'm crazy or not. Um and uh tell me if I'm crazy or not. All right, that's it. I really All right, that's it. I really All right, that's it. I really appreciate every one of you guys being appreciate every one of you guys being appreciate every one of you guys being here. By the way, if any of you are here. By the way, if any of you are here. By the way, if any of you are going to uh Magic Live this year, I will going to uh Magic Live this year, I will going to uh Magic Live this year, I will be there. be there. be there. Please come up and say hello to me. I Please come up and say hello to me. I Please come up and say hello to me. I would love to meet you. Uh would love to would love to meet you. Uh would love to would love to meet you. Uh would love to say hi and shake your hand personally say hi and shake your hand personally say hi and shake your hand personally and say thank you for watching the and say thank you for watching the and say thank you for watching the channel. Do not be afraid. Please come channel. Do not be afraid. Please come channel. Do not be afraid. Please come say hello. I am incredibly uh say hello. I am incredibly uh say hello. I am incredibly uh approachable and would love to meet approachable and would love to meet approachable and would love to meet people who like the channel. All right, people who like the channel. All right, people who like the channel. All right, thank you everyone for being here. Make thank you everyone for being here. Make thank you everyone for being here. Make sure that you hit that like button and sure that you hit that like button and sure that you hit that like button and subscribe if you haven't yet subscribed. subscribe if you haven't yet subscribed. subscribe if you haven't yet subscribed. I'm Fiddlin' Johnny and remember I'm Fiddlin' Johnny and remember I'm Fiddlin' Johnny and remember keep fiddling around with magic. keep fiddling around with magic. keep fiddling around with magic. I'll see you all next time. Bye-bye. >> [music] >> Mhm. Mhm.