Hello Ram Ram ji everyone, I am getting very lazy, Hello Ram Ram ji everyone, I am getting very lazy, Hello Ram Ram ji everyone, I am getting very lazy, this vlog is of Monday but this vlog is of Monday but this vlog is of Monday but I am posting it today and my I am posting it today and my I am posting it today and my mother has kept lime in the fridge, seeing which mother has kept lime in the fridge, seeing which mother has kept lime in the fridge, seeing which my eyes remained wide open, my eyes remained wide open, my eyes remained wide open, who should keep the lime in the fridge, it was also dry, tell me, has who should keep the lime in the fridge, it was also dry, tell me, has who should keep the lime in the fridge, it was also dry, tell me, has my mother done it right or wrong, my mother done it right or wrong, my mother done it right or wrong, then I was cleaning the fridge and mother was washing the then I was cleaning the fridge and mother was washing the then I was cleaning the fridge and mother was washing the clothes, after washing the clothes my mind got clothes, after washing the clothes my mind got clothes, after washing the clothes my mind got frustrated, so I switched off the fan and frustrated, so I switched off the fan and frustrated, so I switched off the fan and lay down in the heat, so I took lay down in the heat, so I took lay down in the heat, so I took whatever rest I got from this, today was Monday so I went to the whatever rest I got from this, today was Monday so I went to the whatever rest I got from this, today was Monday so I went to the temple, then wearing a golden dress I went to temple, then wearing a golden dress I went to temple, then wearing a golden dress I went to impress Baba Bhole that impress Baba Bhole that impress Baba Bhole that now he should agree to everything I say.  Now give me whatever I have now he should agree to everything I say.  Now give me whatever I have now he should agree to everything I say.  Now give me whatever I have asked for.  Please have asked for.  Please have asked for.  Please have mercy on me.  Put your hand on my head.  The mercy on me.  Put your hand on my head.  The mercy on me.  Put your hand on my head.  The rest of this is all a joke. rest of this is all a joke. rest of this is all a joke. But now no one will talk nonsense.  Otherwise I will But now no one will talk nonsense.  Otherwise I will But now no one will talk nonsense.  Otherwise I will really go and complain to Bhole Baba.   It is really go and complain to Bhole Baba.   It is really go and complain to Bhole Baba.   It is okay that many people comment on my face that I am getting okay that many people comment on my face that I am getting okay that many people comment on my face that I am getting so many pimples.  So and so, so many pimples.  So and so, so many pimples.  So and so, then mom made churma in the evening and then mom made churma in the evening and then mom made churma in the evening and Mannu Simar wala made Shahi Paneer.  It was Mannu Simar wala made Shahi Paneer.  It was Mannu Simar wala made Shahi Paneer.  It was so well made that it so well made that it so well made that it touched its own feet.  Rest I have made a long vlog.  I touched its own feet.  Rest I have made a long vlog.  I touched its own feet.  Rest I have made a long vlog.  I will post it soon.  Bye