Adidas has been on a bit of a hot streak Adidas has been on a bit of a hot streak Adidas has been on a bit of a hot streak when it comes to lifestyle sneakers and when it comes to lifestyle sneakers and when it comes to lifestyle sneakers and this sneaker might be a big part of that this sneaker might be a big part of that this sneaker might be a big part of that conversation. This is the Adidas Adistar conversation. This is the Adidas Adistar conversation. This is the Adidas Adistar Jellyfish by Pharrell Williams. It's a Jellyfish by Pharrell Williams. It's a Jellyfish by Pharrell Williams. It's a shoe that actually released last year, shoe that actually released last year, shoe that actually released last year, but has been getting a lot more love but has been getting a lot more love but has been getting a lot more love this year. Uh for those that don't know this year. Uh for those that don't know this year. Uh for those that don't know much about this shoe, it's a lifestyle much about this shoe, it's a lifestyle much about this shoe, it's a lifestyle silhouette that's basically an exploded silhouette that's basically an exploded silhouette that's basically an exploded version of the Adistar Control 3. Some version of the Adistar Control 3. Some version of the Adistar Control 3. Some of the details include AdiPRENE here for of the details include AdiPRENE here for of the details include AdiPRENE here for the mid-sole. We have the torsion plate the mid-sole. We have the torsion plate the mid-sole. We have the torsion plate that runs through the shoe and it comes that runs through the shoe and it comes that runs through the shoe and it comes over on the medial side and the lateral over on the medial side and the lateral over on the medial side and the lateral side, but the biggest feature is these side, but the biggest feature is these side, but the biggest feature is these exploded [music] exploded [music] exploded [music] fins. You can see here how it has fins fins. You can see here how it has fins fins. You can see here how it has fins here. It has fins for the three stripes. here. It has fins for the three stripes. here. It has fins for the three stripes. It's like these rubber overlays on top It's like these rubber overlays on top It's like these rubber overlays on top of the shoe [music] that almost feel of the shoe [music] that almost feel of the shoe [music] that almost feel like jellyfish tentacles that stretch like jellyfish tentacles that stretch like jellyfish tentacles that stretch out from the shoe. It gives the shoe a out from the shoe. It gives the shoe a out from the shoe. It gives the shoe a very base-age aerodynamic sort of look. very base-age aerodynamic sort of look. very base-age aerodynamic sort of look. You can see the air just kind of flowing You can see the air just kind of flowing You can see the air just kind of flowing over these or jellyfish. You can see the over these or jellyfish. You can see the over these or jellyfish. You can see the water just kind of flowing over these. water just kind of flowing over these. water just kind of flowing over these. Now, the price point for these is $300 Now, the price point for these is $300 Now, the price point for these is $300 and this pair in particular is called and this pair in particular is called and this pair in particular is called the crystal sand colorway. These the crystal sand colorway. These the crystal sand colorway. These released already over on Pharrell's released already over on Pharrell's released already over on Pharrell's website, so the numbers have been website, so the numbers have been website, so the numbers have been limited, but there's going to be a wider limited, but there's going to be a wider limited, but there's going to be a wider release this week. So, if you're release this week. So, if you're release this week. So, if you're interested in getting yourself a pair, interested in getting yourself a pair, interested in getting yourself a pair, here is a closer look at the shoe and here is a closer look at the shoe and here is a closer look at the shoe and some of the details. It is definitely some of the details. It is definitely some of the details. It is definitely something more on the lifestyle side and something more on the lifestyle side and something more on the lifestyle side and something that I've seen a lot of people something that I've seen a lot of people something that I've seen a lot of people talk about online that they want to get talk about online that they want to get talk about online that they want to get themselves a pair. So, if Pharrell and themselves a pair. So, if Pharrell and themselves a pair. So, if Pharrell and Adidas and the Adistar Jellyfish are on Adidas and the Adistar Jellyfish are on Adidas and the Adistar Jellyfish are on your list, look for these to drop later your list, look for these to drop later your list, look for these to drop later this week.