Hey everyone, welcome to my new video! I hope you're all doing well while Hey everyone, welcome to my new video! I hope you're all doing well while watching my video. I'm telling you my voice is a bit hoarse watching my video. I'm telling you my voice is a bit hoarse watching my video. I'm telling you my voice is a bit hoarse because I woke up early today. We're going to because I woke up early today. We're going to because I woke up early today. We're going to spend the day at the pool, then we're going to spend the day at the pool, then we're going to spend the day at the pool, then we're going to Sidi Rahal to have a nice day, God willing. My Sidi Rahal to have a nice day, God willing. My Sidi Rahal to have a nice day, God willing. My mom, grandma, and nephew are here. We're mom, grandma, and nephew are here. We're mom, grandma, and nephew are here. We're going to get breakfast. I started the going to get breakfast. I started the going to get breakfast. I started the vlog this morning so you wouldn't miss anything because I vlog this morning so you wouldn't miss anything because I vlog this morning so you wouldn't miss anything because I know you like vlogs that I start early, know you like vlogs that I start early, know you like vlogs that I start early, not in not in not in the middle of the day when I catch you off guard. So, stay with me. I'm hiding something the middle of the day when I catch you off guard. So, stay with me. I'm hiding something the middle of the day when I catch you off guard. So, stay with me. I'm hiding something precious because precious doesn't like to be precious because precious doesn't like to be precious because precious doesn't like to be seen. Precious is a seen. Precious is a seen. Precious is a hidden jinn. hidden jinn. hidden jinn. I'm not a jinn, I'm not a jinn, I'm not a jinn, what do you mean two jinns? I'm not crazy, what do you mean two jinns? I'm not crazy, what do you mean two jinns? I'm not crazy, you're two jinns. Peace be upon you, peace be upon you. Yes, you're two jinns. Peace be upon you, peace be upon you. Yes, I'll put it down. Precious is my man. Go ahead, bravo, Precious is my man. Go ahead, bravo, Precious is my man. Go ahead, bravo, precious. One thing: think before you take it. If you're quick, precious. One thing: think before you take it. If you're quick, precious. One thing: think before you take it. If you're quick, count three, one.  Joj, count three, one.  Joj, count three, one.  Joj, come on, take it, tell us come on, take it, tell us come on, take it, tell us what you want to say, we don't understand, brother. I took my makannoum, he's a teton, he told you he brother. I took my makannoum, he's a teton, he told you he brother. I took my makannoum, he's a teton, he told you he wants the vampoz, wow, the weather is beautiful today, we were at the wants the vampoz, wow, the weather is beautiful today, we were at the wants the vampoz, wow, the weather is beautiful today, we were at the animation, they brought them a tub, the pool is full, full, full, full, full, full, full, full, full, they're only doing the animation in this pool, I think we'll go to the sea animation, they brought them a tub, the pool is full, full, full, full, full, full, full, full, full, they're only doing the animation in this pool, I think we'll go to the sea because this one is too crowded, it's because this one is too crowded, it's because this one is too crowded, it's impossible, you saw the animation, honestly the weather is great, but you saw the animation, honestly the weather is great, but you saw the animation, honestly the weather is great, but most of them are just little kids swimming because they've got a tub most of them are just little kids swimming because they've got a tub most of them are just little kids swimming because they've got a tub for them, we'll go to the sea until we come back, for them, we'll go to the sea until we come back, for them, we'll go to the sea until we come back, we'll swim in it. This is my burkini, girls, I got it from Shey, it looks amazing on, I'll This is my burkini, girls, I got it from Shey, it looks amazing on, I'll show you how it looks, it's wide at the bottom, show you how it looks, it's wide at the bottom, show you how it looks, it's wide at the bottom, you see it's wide at the bottom, it looks you see it's wide at the bottom, it looks you see it's wide at the bottom, it looks like this, it looks great. Honestly, I like this, it looks great. Honestly, I like this, it looks great. Honestly, I only like black burkinis, I got this one only like black burkinis, I got this one only like black burkinis, I got this one These headbands, where did I get them from in this These headbands, where did I get them from in this These headbands, where did I get them from in this last order? I'm just kidding, I won't show them to you because I've last order? I'm just kidding, I won't show them to you because I've last order? I'm just kidding, I won't show them to you because I've already worn them. And this is Ali's burkini, already worn them. And this is Ali's burkini, already worn them. And this is Ali's burkini, look how cute and beautiful it is! I've already swum in it a look how cute and beautiful it is! I've already swum in it a look how cute and beautiful it is! I've already swum in it a couple of times, and today I honestly didn't know whether to couple of times, and today I honestly didn't know whether to couple of times, and today I honestly didn't know whether to swim in it or if the pool seemed too crowded. I didn't swim in it or if the pool seemed too crowded. I didn't swim in it or if the pool seemed too crowded. I didn't know, I probably wouldn't swim in it. And this is his towel. Okay, know, I probably wouldn't swim in it. And this is his towel. Okay, know, I probably wouldn't swim in it. And this is his towel. Okay, now I'm going to get dressed and show you how it will look on me. now I'm going to get dressed and show you how it will look on me. now I'm going to get dressed and show you how it will look on me. Girls, I put on Girls, I put on Girls, I put on my burkini. I'll step back a little and see how it looks on you. my burkini. I'll step back a little and see how it looks on you. my burkini. I'll step back a little and see how it looks on you. Look, it looks like this, and underneath it looks like Look, it looks like this, and underneath it looks like Look, it looks like this, and underneath it looks like this. The pants are fitted at the bottom, they fit like a this. The pants are fitted at the bottom, they fit like a this. The pants are fitted at the bottom, they fit like a phone. It looks beautiful, honestly. Honestly, phone. It looks beautiful, honestly. Honestly, phone. It looks beautiful, honestly. Honestly, I like black burkinis. I always buy tights I like black burkinis. I always buy tights I like black burkinis. I always buy tights and go back to black. My hair has a and go back to black. My hair has a and go back to black. My hair has a protective sole so it doesn't get burned. protective sole so it doesn't get burned. protective sole so it doesn't get burned. The sun, the sea, and the pool—you know, my The sun, the sea, and the pool—you know, my The sun, the sea, and the pool—you know, my hair is really dry right now, and I have to constantly reapply hair is really dry right now, and I have to constantly reapply hair is really dry right now, and I have to constantly reapply this product. I've got it in my this product. I've got it in my this product. I've got it in my bag, and I'm going to show you bag, and I'm going to show you bag, and I'm going to show you what else I have. This is what else I have. This is what else I have. This is my bag; I'm taking it with me because we're probably my bag; I'm taking it with me because we're probably my bag; I'm taking it with me because we're probably going to the beach. It's the first one I use after the pool going to the beach. It's the first one I use after the pool going to the beach. It's the first one I use after the pool because it's so crowded you can't go in there. I have because it's so crowded you can't go in there. I have because it's so crowded you can't go in there. I have this so I can reapply it every this so I can reapply it every this so I can reapply it every time I get out of the sea. time I get out of the sea. time I get out of the sea. Look how much serum I have! Look how much serum I have! Look how much serum I have! Honestly, hair at the beach needs a Honestly, hair at the beach needs a Honestly, hair at the beach needs a lot of care. I also use this serum on my hair; you can see lot of care. I also use this serum on my hair; you can see my curls. I also have this spray; I use it on my hands and feet so they don't get dark. this spray; I use it on my hands and feet so they don't get dark. this spray; I use it on my hands and feet so they don't get dark. You know how it is with a You know how it is with a You know how it is with a burkini; hands and feet get dark burkini; hands and feet get dark burkini; hands and feet get dark because they're not covered.  Okay, so I do because they're not covered.  Okay, so I do because they're not covered.  Okay, so I do n't want to spray this on my face, and I have n't want to spray this on my face, and I have n't want to spray this on my face, and I have this Victoria spray, I have liquid, and I have this Victoria spray, I have liquid, and I have this brush, and I have my Connect, and I have a lot of something. I'm going to put a little bit on my this brush, and I have my Connect, and I have a lot of something. I'm going to put a little bit on my face, honestly. face, honestly. face, honestly. I asked what I need to buy, and I'm going to put on some I asked what I need to buy, and I'm going to put on some I asked what I need to buy, and I'm going to put on some makeup so I don't makeup so I don't makeup so I don't stay pale. Okay, and I'm going to go, I'm going to go with my sister, my nephew Ghali, and my brother to the stay pale. Okay, and I'm going to go, I'm going to go with my sister, my nephew Ghali, and my brother to the beach. I think we decided to go to the beach beach. I think we decided to go to the beach beach. I think we decided to go to the beach first because, actually, since he started going to the beach, he's only been first because, actually, since he started going to the beach, he's only been first because, actually, since he started going to the beach, he's only been in the pool. You know, I don't like in the pool. You know, I don't like in the pool. You know, I don't like pools. I love the sea, I love the waves, pools. I love the sea, I love the waves, pools. I love the sea, I love the waves, and the waves hitting me, and one wave tossing me, and and the waves hitting me, and one wave tossing me, and and the waves hitting me, and one wave tossing me, and another tossing me, and I feel like I'm really conscious another tossing me, and I feel like I'm really conscious another tossing me, and I feel like I'm really conscious [laughs]. I'm crazy [laughs]. I'm crazy [laughs]. I'm crazy about the sea. The pool feels boring to me, like you just about the sea. The pool feels boring to me, like you just about the sea. The pool feels boring to me, like you just relax in it, it's nothing, nothing relax in it, it's nothing, nothing relax in it, it's nothing, nothing like that, you cool down in it, but at the sea, you feel like that, you cool down in it, but at the sea, you feel like that, you cool down in it, but at the sea, you feel like  My aunt, honestly, these things are really like  My aunt, honestly, these things are really like  My aunt, honestly, these things are really nice. Her sister got this one, and this one has the colors, and nice. Her sister got this one, and this one has the colors, and nice. Her sister got this one, and this one has the colors, and another one has those another one has those another one has those seashells that look amazing, like this on the head. seashells that look amazing, like this on the head. seashells that look amazing, like this on the head. Honestly, when you swim, they fall off, but the important thing is that you decorate Honestly, when you swim, they fall off, but the important thing is that you decorate Honestly, when you swim, they fall off, but the important thing is that you decorate with them. So, look, do the tanning lotion again this summer, otherwise your summer, otherwise your summer, otherwise your face will burn, burn! I like to tan, face will burn, burn! I like to tan, face will burn, burn! I like to tan, but I didn't use tanning lotion. I darken my skin too much, I darken it too much, too but I didn't use tanning lotion. I darken my skin too much, I darken it too much, too but I didn't use tanning lotion. I darken my skin too much, I darken it too much, too much! [laughs] much! [laughs] much! [laughs] I always tell you, when I darken my skin, it doesn't lighten it, it doesn't lighten it. It's not I always tell you, when I darken my skin, it doesn't lighten it, it doesn't lighten it. It's not I always tell you, when I darken my skin, it doesn't lighten it, it doesn't lighten it. It's not like when the like when the like when the cold weather comes I lighten up, nothing. I stay dark, I keep getting cold weather comes I lighten up, nothing. I stay dark, I keep getting cold weather comes I lighten up, nothing. I stay dark, I keep getting darker. No, the black is dark, no, the black is dark. darker. No, the black is dark, no, the black is dark. darker. No, the black is dark, no, the black is dark. That's why I wear tanning That's why I wear tanning That's why I wear tanning lot in the summer, almost every month I wear it. lot in the summer, almost every month I wear it. lot in the summer, almost every month I wear it. This is what my sisters bought, and they didn't buy it before the cold weather ended. I'll just This is what my sisters bought, and they didn't buy it before the cold weather ended. I'll just put on a little bit of bleach. Okay, I'll put a little bit of my mouth on and that's it. You see, this looks good. This is a bit much, like we're not doing and that's it. You see, this looks good. This is a bit much, like we're not doing and that's it. You see, this looks good. This is a bit much, like we're not doing anything, like we're keeping secrets from anything, like we're keeping secrets from anything, like we're keeping secrets from God. God. God. Okay, the last thing I'm going to do is this on my hands and Okay, the last thing I'm going to do is this on my hands and Okay, the last thing I'm going to do is this on my hands and feet, and feet, and feet, and this is all because I keep doing it with me. this is all because I keep doing it with me. this is all because I keep doing it with me. Honestly, I keep doing my Honestly, I keep doing my Honestly, I keep doing my feet feet feet until they're all messed up. [Snoring sounds] Okay, I'll do this, okay, and I'm going to go to the beach. Oh, until they're all messed up. [Snoring sounds] Okay, I'll do this, okay, and I'm going to go to the beach. Oh, until they're all messed up. [Snoring sounds] Okay, I'll do this, okay, and I'm going to go to the beach. Oh, this is necessary, necessary because this falls off and we have to rely on someone. Okay, now I'm ready. Wait, okay, wait, I'll show you how the final look is you how the final look is you how the final look is like this, and now I'm ready to go to the beach. We're going to the beach. [ and now I'm ready to go to the beach. We're going to the beach. [ and now I'm ready to go to the beach. We're going to the beach. [ Laughter] The other one decided that we'll swim in the Laughter] The other one decided that we'll swim in the Laughter] The other one decided that we'll swim in the pool first, so we don't take anything pool first, so we don't take anything pool first, so we don't take anything with us to the beach. You see? [Music] They say with us to the beach. You see? [Music] They say with us to the beach. You see? [Music] They say you have little kids, problems. Anyway, let's be honest, it's you have little kids, problems. Anyway, let's be honest, it's you have little kids, problems. Anyway, let's be honest, it's lunchtime. Let's be a little empty now, only the lunchtime. Let's be a little empty now, only the lunchtime. Let's be a little empty now, only the tobacco is full. I'll show you [Music] not like this morning.  A little while ago, I not like this morning.  A little while ago, I not like this morning.  A little while ago, I wanted to go play in the kids' playground. wanted to go play in the kids' playground. wanted to go play in the kids' playground. Why this injustice? Why? Why? We're not responsible. Why this injustice? Why? Why? We're not responsible. Why this injustice? Why? Why? We're not responsible. I'm a little girl, I wanted to go play there. It's a I'm a little girl, I wanted to go play there. It's a I'm a little girl, I wanted to go play there. It's a problem, but honestly, the weather is nice. There's not much in but honestly, the weather is nice. There's not much in but honestly, the weather is nice. There's not much in your heads. [ your heads. [ your heads. [ Music] Don't start now, you have to start. Don't start now, you have to start. Don't start now, you have to start. Okay, to start Okay, to start Okay, to start until 3, we'll start until 3, we'll start until 3, we'll start until until. until until. until until. Still no. [Music] [Music] [Music ] I'm tough, you know. Over Over Over every every every put. [Music] On be strang dream up this on. I say I [Music] kind you love you to I hold you [Singing] and let put. [Music] On be strang dream up this on. I say I [Music] kind you love you to I hold you [Singing] and let you [Music] go find someone new you [Music] go find someone new you [Music] go find someone new wasn't my mind [Music] made to what killing wasn't my mind [Music] made to what killing wasn't my mind [Music] made to what killing me the most is knowing two me the most is knowing two me the most is knowing two things can be true [Music] thr away your [Music] thr away your [Music] thr away your [Music] to sleep [Music] [Music] I learned to swim. I was [Music] one other. I kind [music] I kind [music] I kind [music] you but I w love you to I hold you but I w love you to I hold you but I w love you to I hold some Let's go, honestly, our uncle is nice, the pool is great, that's a cool one, the Let's go, honestly, our uncle is nice, the pool is great, that's a cool one, the Let's go, honestly, our uncle is nice, the pool is great, that's a cool one, the girls are laughing, we're the girls are laughing, we're the girls are laughing, we're the only ones who swim in it, we're the only ones who swim in it, we're the only ones who swim in it, we're the little kids who play in it, that's all. little kids who play in it, that's all. little kids who play in it, that's all. Now we said we're going to the sea because we haven't been to Now we said we're going to the sea because we haven't been to Now we said we're going to the sea because we haven't been to the sea at all since summer started, the sea at all since summer started, the sea at all since summer started, we want to go and enjoy the sea a little, honestly, the we want to go and enjoy the sea a little, honestly, the we want to go and enjoy the sea a little, honestly, the sea is something else and the pool is something else, the sea sea is something else and the pool is something else, the sea sea is something else and the pool is something else, the sea [laughs] remains the best thing. We came to the sea, [laughs] remains the best thing. We came to the sea, [laughs] remains the best thing. We came to the sea, wow, this sea, my brother brought us here, wow, this sea, my brother brought us here, wow, this sea, my brother brought us here, he said it's empty, few people know about it he said it's empty, few people know about it he said it's empty, few people know about it in the Sahara, you know, it's a hill, you faint to reach it, in the Sahara, you know, it's a hill, you faint to reach it, in the Sahara, you know, it's a hill, you faint to reach it, but honestly it's nice, it's worth it, look, look, it's empty, it's about four people deep and there are no four people deep and there are no four people deep and there are no waves at all, just small waves, waves at all, just small waves, look at the sea, is it cold or hot? Honestly, it's empty and nice, it look at the sea, is it cold or hot? Honestly, it's empty and nice, it look at the sea, is it cold or hot? Honestly, it's empty and nice, it came with us, it was expensive  Honestly came with us, it was expensive  Honestly came with us, it was expensive  Honestly where it looks tough [music] The where it looks tough [music] The where it looks tough [music] The evil is empty, empty, empty, empty evil is empty, empty, empty, empty evil is empty, empty, empty, empty and not too cold, honestly it's nice and not too cold, honestly it's nice and not too cold, honestly it's nice [music] [music] on [music] [music] [music] the bloom and flow [music] High, I'll draw a heart High, I'll draw a heart High, I'll draw a heart [music] Oh, the beautiful ones [music] I didn't like them, I don't have the talent for drawing, this is nice, write on it, write on it, here, here The park of the garden, I know you'll ask me about it, its The park of the garden, I know you'll ask me about it, its The park of the garden, I know you'll ask me about it, its name is Bavaro, name is Bavaro, name is Bavaro, Bavaro Beach, here you are, this is the entrance, you go in, there's a small park here, slippery and squashed, there's a coffee shop there, there's a Bavaro Beach, here you are, this is the entrance, you go in, there's a small park here, slippery and squashed, there's a coffee shop there, there's a shop upstairs, there's a gym, shop upstairs, there's a gym, shop upstairs, there's a gym, I'll show you, I'll take you on a tour of the I'll show you, I'll take you on a tour of the I'll show you, I'll take you on a tour of the garden, you garden, you garden, you go straight, here you are, there's a private pool, they divide it up, private pool, they divide it up, private pool, they divide it up, they do it sometimes for boys, sometimes for women, sometimes for men, they do it sometimes for boys, sometimes for women, sometimes for men, they do it sometimes for boys, sometimes for women, sometimes for men, like when the women are in the morning  In like when the women are in the morning  In like when the women are in the morning  In the evening, the men are there, and when the the evening, the men are there, and when the the evening, the men are there, and when the evening comes, the women are there. In the morning, the men are there. Look up there, there's the gym. I don't know evening comes, the women are there. In the morning, the men are there. Look up there, there's the gym. I don't know if the women or men are there. if the women or men are there. if the women or men are there. I wanted to take you for a walk. Let's go up and see. Look, I wanted to take you for a walk. Let's go up and see. Look, I wanted to take you for a walk. Let's go up and see. Look, the honey is empty, there's someone empty, empty. Look, this is the gym. It has all that good stuff. I just need determination and willpower to come and train. willpower to come and train. willpower to come and train. Everything is there. The only thing missing is determination and Everything is there. The only thing missing is determination and Everything is there. The only thing missing is determination and willpower. And here I am, in a terrible state after willpower. And here I am, in a terrible state after willpower. And here I am, in a terrible state after coming out of the coming out of the coming out of the sea. I came out looking messed up. You know how the sand is, it's messed up. sea. I came out looking messed up. You know how the sand is, it's messed up. sea. I came out looking messed up. You know how the sand is, it's messed up. Now I'll show you the pool. The pool is usually Now I'll show you the pool. The pool is usually Now I'll show you the pool. The pool is usually full, and the pool is here now. The full, and the pool is here now. The full, and the pool is here now. The men are usually in it, so I won't go in. Anyway, it's a covered pool, that's all. And men are usually in it, so I won't go in. Anyway, it's a covered pool, that's all. And there's this first pool. There are normally there's this first pool. There are normally there's this first pool. There are normally three. This one isn't very deep, haha. So three. This one isn't very deep, haha. So three. This one isn't very deep, haha. So we came home. I showered and dried off.  I we came home. I showered and dried off.  I we came home. I showered and dried off.  I let my hair dry with the lotion. I put on these let my hair dry with the lotion. I put on these let my hair dry with the lotion. I put on these pajamas, then took off the burkini and everything. We were pajamas, then took off the burkini and everything. We were pajamas, then took off the burkini and everything. We were starving. Mama was preparing lunch for us. We had starving. Mama was preparing lunch for us. We had starving. Mama was preparing lunch for us. We had kebabs, you know, the kind of lunch I love, the kind of kebabs, you know, the kind of lunch I love, the kind of kebabs, you know, the kind of lunch I love, the kind of atmosphere by the sea, the pool. We had a picnic and she made atmosphere by the sea, the pool. We had a picnic and she made atmosphere by the sea, the pool. We had a picnic and she made salad, but I was dying of salad, but I was dying of salad, but I was dying of hunger. I took Danab and Mirinda because I'm so hungry. My son, my son, he's not my son anymore, he's my grandma's son. hunger. I took Danab and Mirinda because I'm so hungry. My son, my son, he's not my son anymore, he's my grandma's son. I left him with my mother. My poor mother is breastfeeding him. He's so cute, I left him with my mother. My poor mother is breastfeeding him. He's so cute, I left him with my mother. My poor mother is breastfeeding him. He's so cute, thank God. He's calm, he just needs to be fed and thank God. He's calm, he just needs to be fed and thank God. He's calm, he just needs to be fed and changed, that's all. You don't hear him changed, that's all. You don't hear him changed, that's all. You don't hear him cry unless he's done something wrong, like he's hurt cry unless he's done something wrong, like he's hurt cry unless he's done something wrong, like he's hurt or something. But if he hasn't or something. But if he hasn't or something. But if he hasn't done anything wrong, he's calm, he just needs to sleep, that's how he sleeps comfortably. I don't dress him much because of the letter "S" (referring to the letter "S" in Arabic). My dad is very strict about the letter "S", he teaches them the letter "S" (referring to the letter "S" in Arabic). We only dress him in one thing, we don't dress him in anything else. done anything wrong, he's calm, he just needs to sleep, that's how he sleeps comfortably. I don't dress him much because of the letter "S" (referring to the letter "S" in Arabic). My dad is very strict about the letter "S", he teaches them the letter "S" (referring to the letter "S" in Arabic). We only dress him in one thing, we don't dress him in anything else. I wash a lot of things, I wash them a lot so they I wash a lot of things, I wash them a lot so they I wash a lot of things, I wash them a lot so they stay cool and clean, so they stay comfortable, and I'm stay cool and clean, so they stay comfortable, and I'm stay cool and clean, so they stay comfortable, and I'm starving. Let me show you what Mama made for lunch. My darling Ali, the gazelle, is nursing you, Mama is nursing starving. Let me show you what Mama made for lunch. My darling Ali, the gazelle, is nursing you, Mama is nursing you, my mother and my beloved, and the beloved, and the handsome and beautiful boy, and the you, my mother and my beloved, and the beloved, and the handsome and beautiful boy, and the gazelle is nursing. May you be well and at peace, my son, may you be well and at peace, my beloved, may you be well and at peace, my dear. gazelle is nursing. May you be well and at peace, my son, may you be well and at peace, my beloved, may you be well and at peace, my dear. gazelle is nursing. May you be well and at peace, my son, may you be well and at peace, my beloved, may you be well and at peace, my dear. Mama made Mama made Mama made us lunch, she made us a tuna and fries salad, an onion, and us lunch, she made us a tuna and fries salad, an onion, and these are kebabs. This is my sister's recipe, she these are kebabs. This is my sister's recipe, she these are kebabs. This is my sister's recipe, she told her to put them in the pressure cooker. Honestly, told her to put them in the pressure cooker. Honestly, told her to put them in the pressure cooker. Honestly, we wanted to grill them, I've never seen this method before. Look, they took me out to run errands for them. They assigned me the we wanted to grill them, I've never seen this method before. Look, they took me out to run errands for them. They assigned me the errands, they told errands, they told errands, they told me, you don't have to do any work, you just run errands. I told them, me, you don't have to do any work, you just run errands. I told them, me, you don't have to do any work, you just run errands. I told them, no problem, I just don't make you work and I'll run errands for you. no problem, I just don't make you work and I'll run errands for you. no problem, I just don't make you work and I'll run errands for you. Mama, go up, just me and Mama, we'll get Mama, go up, just me and Mama, we'll get Mama, go up, just me and Mama, we'll get bread and a nut, bread and a nut, bread and a nut, we'll take an onion, a peanut, 7, add 2, take 7, add 2, take 7, add 2, take 10 Finally, we're going to have lunch. We made 10 Finally, we're going to have lunch. We made 10 Finally, we're going to have lunch. We made these meat patties, rice salad, these meat patties, rice salad, these meat patties, rice salad, sausages, fries, and that's it. That's our lunch. You know, sausages, fries, and that's it. That's our lunch. You know, sausages, fries, and that's it. That's our lunch. You know, girls, I just ate and went to sleep. You know, with the girls, I just ate and went to sleep. You know, with the girls, I just ate and went to sleep. You know, with the sea and the long drive to the beach, I got tired. sea and the long drive to the beach, I got tired. sea and the long drive to the beach, I got tired. You know, I came here and my legs gave way. As soon as we ate, we You know, I came here and my legs gave way. As soon as we ate, we You know, I came here and my legs gave way. As soon as we ate, we all went to sleep. Now we're going to make all went to sleep. Now we're going to make all went to sleep. Now we're going to make dinner, and to be honest, it's not a big deal. That's it, and I'll finish the dinner, and to be honest, it's not a big deal. That's it, and I'll finish the dinner, and to be honest, it's not a big deal. That's it, and I'll finish the vlog for you. You spent the whole day with me. vlog for you. You spent the whole day with me. vlog for you. You spent the whole day with me. Honestly, it was a great day. I felt that Honestly, it was a great day. I felt that Honestly, it was a great day. I felt that summer vibe, the sea and the pool. You know, I was summer vibe, the sea and the pool. You know, I was summer vibe, the sea and the pool. You know, I was exhausted and just wanted to sleep. I want to show you a view exhausted and just wanted to sleep. I want to show you a view exhausted and just wanted to sleep. I want to show you a view here at night. It's amazing. They turn on the lights in the here at night. It's amazing. They turn on the lights in the here at night. It's amazing. They turn on the lights in the pool, and it's a beautiful sight. pool, and it's a beautiful sight. pool, and it's a beautiful sight. We went to put out the sweets. Once, she brought us sweets and We went to put out the sweets. Once, she brought us sweets and We went to put out the sweets. Once, she brought us sweets and said she was having a birthday party. You should know said she was having a birthday party. You should know said she was having a birthday party. You should know that my older sister, whenever she doesn't have a medal, that my older sister, whenever she doesn't have a medal, that my older sister, whenever she doesn't have a medal, brings sweets and throws a birthday party.  One of us doesn't brings sweets and throws a birthday party.  One of us doesn't brings sweets and throws a birthday party.  One of us doesn't have a birthday, but now we're going to choose someone's have a birthday, but now we're going to choose someone's have a birthday, but now we're going to choose someone's birthday [snoring sounds]. birthday [snoring sounds]. birthday [snoring sounds]. Let me show you how beautiful the view is. Look at Let me show you how beautiful the view is. Look at Let me show you how beautiful the view is. Look at how lovely it is! Do how lovely it is! Do how lovely it is! Do you know how much time has passed? About a month ago, in you know how much time has passed? About a month ago, in you know how much time has passed? About a month ago, in June, we could swim at night. June, we could swim at night. June, we could swim at night. Now, with the world getting crowded and the parks getting crowded, they've stopped swimming. Now, with the world getting crowded and the parks getting crowded, they've stopped swimming. Now, with the world getting crowded and the parks getting crowded, they've stopped swimming. You know, we used to swim at You know, we used to swim at You know, we used to swim at night. It was such a wonderful feeling. You know, you just want to swim by yourself, night. It was such a wonderful feeling. You know, you just want to swim by yourself, night. It was such a wonderful feeling. You know, you just want to swim by yourself, like you're swimming in a jacuzzi. like you're swimming in a jacuzzi. like you're swimming in a jacuzzi. Now, with the parks getting crowded and the little Now, with the parks getting crowded and the little Now, with the parks getting crowded and the little kids coming, they've stopped swimming, or they stop at kids coming, they've stopped swimming, or they stop at kids coming, they've stopped swimming, or they stop at eight. eight. eight. I used to always go swimming at night. I loved swimming at night. The I used to always go swimming at night. I loved swimming at night. The I used to always go swimming at night. I loved swimming at night. The view is amazing. I'm going to view is amazing. I'm going to view is amazing. I'm going to show you the sweets my sister brought us. She said show you the sweets my sister brought us. She said show you the sweets my sister brought us. She said today's birthday is today's birthday is today's birthday is Sisters' Day, and she brought each of us a sweet to Sisters' Day, and she brought each of us a sweet to Sisters' Day, and she brought each of us a sweet to give to the others. Do you want to cut some? give to the others. Do you want to cut some? give to the others. Do you want to cut some? Oh, my Oh, my Oh, my poor sister! poor sister! poor sister! Look at the first cake  This is chocolate, Look at the first cake  This is chocolate, Look at the first cake  This is chocolate, honestly, it's so delicious! They honestly, it's so delicious! They honestly, it's so delicious! They wrote books on God's behalf, it's forbidden! This is the one wrote books on God's behalf, it's forbidden! This is the one wrote books on God's behalf, it's forbidden! This is the one from my kitchen, you know these are bananas? These are the sweets I from my kitchen, you know these are bananas? These are the sweets I from my kitchen, you know these are bananas? These are the sweets I like, I don't like the icing cakes, like, I don't like the icing cakes, like, I don't like the icing cakes, shame on you and your rotten parents! parents! parents! This one is from my kitchen, this one is amazing! This one is from my kitchen, this one is amazing! This one is from my kitchen, this one is amazing! I've already tasted this one, it's amazing, the one with the I've already tasted this one, it's amazing, the one with the I've already tasted this one, it's amazing, the one with the mangoes, oh my mangoes, oh my mangoes, oh my God! A happy life is when one God! A happy life is when one God! A happy life is when one lives with you, honestly, lives with you, honestly, lives with you, honestly, there's juice, juice, there's juice, juice, there's juice, juice, put the juice, it's a birthday, this one is Salma, this one is Marwa, and this one is birthday, this one is Salma, this one is Marwa, and this one is birthday, this one is Salma, this one is Marwa, and this one is Amina. We set the table, we put these Amina. We set the table, we put these Amina. We set the table, we put these sweets here, we put the juice, sweets here, we put the juice, honestly, quiche, God bless you, you know how to choose sweets, that's all. Now I'm going to make afternoon tea, honestly, quiche, God bless you, you know how to choose sweets, that's all. Now I'm going to make afternoon tea, honestly, quiche, God bless you, you know how to choose sweets, that's all. Now I'm going to make afternoon tea, this is afternoon tea this is afternoon tea this is afternoon tea and dinner for both of us, coach, we'll have sweets for dinner, okay, my sister, and dinner for both of us, coach, we'll have sweets for dinner, okay, my sister, and dinner for both of us, coach, we'll have sweets for dinner, okay, my sister, God willing, we're going, I'm not going to have dinner, you'll have dinner [ God willing, we're going, I'm not going to have dinner, you'll have dinner [ God willing, we're going, I'm not going to have dinner, you'll have dinner [ laughs] laughs] laughs] They're making fun of you They're making fun of you They're making fun of you [music] We're going to prepare, we're going to taste this  The taste this  The taste this  The sweet ones say, "I'll honor you, come on, sweet ones say, "I'll honor you, come on, sweet ones say, "I'll honor you, come on, Princess Miss Habiba, it's tough, look, it's tough, it's not okay, I'm look, it's tough, it's not okay, I'm look, it's tough, it's not okay, I'm going to take this juice from Marrakesh, how beautiful, wow, this juice from Marrakesh, how beautiful, wow, this juice from Marrakesh, how beautiful, wow, now let's taste this, chocolate, now let's taste this, chocolate, nougat, chocolate [laughter] I [music][singing] I'm always in the I [music][singing] I'm always in the I [music][singing] I'm always in the mood or neither or neither [music][singing] either, oh or neither or neither [music][singing] either, oh or neither or neither [music][singing] either, oh