if you're in the market for some super if you're in the market for some super if you're in the market for some super cute new matching workout sets. I teach cute new matching workout sets. I teach cute new matching workout sets. I teach and take heated workouts six times a and take heated workouts six times a and take heated workouts six times a week. So, I know what holds up in the week. So, I know what holds up in the week. So, I know what holds up in the heat, in the sweat, and after in the heat, in the sweat, and after in the heat, in the sweat, and after in the laundry. So, I thought I would go laundry. So, I thought I would go laundry. So, I thought I would go through and review all the sets that through and review all the sets that through and review all the sets that I've recently got, let you know my I've recently got, let you know my I've recently got, let you know my thoughts, and if you want any of them, I thoughts, and if you want any of them, I thoughts, and if you want any of them, I will put them all in my shop. Starting will put them all in my shop. Starting will put them all in my shop. Starting off with the set that I'm wearing. This off with the set that I'm wearing. This off with the set that I'm wearing. This is from Form, their newest Chicago drop. is from Form, their newest Chicago drop. is from Form, their newest Chicago drop. Form is hands down one of my favorite Form is hands down one of my favorite Form is hands down one of my favorite activewear brands. Their stuff is cute, activewear brands. Their stuff is cute, activewear brands. Their stuff is cute, compressive, and if you have no boobs compressive, and if you have no boobs compressive, and if you have no boobs like me, they do wonders. This sports like me, they do wonders. This sports like me, they do wonders. This sports bra is actually reversible. Only thing bra is actually reversible. Only thing bra is actually reversible. Only thing is if you're getting the flares, I would is if you're getting the flares, I would is if you're getting the flares, I would size up one because, as you can see, size up one because, as you can see, size up one because, as you can see, they're very low-waisted. From the same they're very low-waisted. From the same they're very low-waisted. From the same collection, I picked up these green collection, I picked up these green collection, I picked up these green leggings with this new design, which is leggings with this new design, which is leggings with this new design, which is a V-neck tank top with a sports bra a V-neck tank top with a sports bra a V-neck tank top with a sports bra under. I got a ton of compliments on under. I got a ton of compliments on under. I got a ton of compliments on this. Very flattering, and I love the this. Very flattering, and I love the this. Very flattering, and I love the colorway. And last up from Form, I also colorway. And last up from Form, I also colorway. And last up from Form, I also picked up this set, which is the core picked up this set, which is the core picked up this set, which is the core leggings with the sports bra. I have a leggings with the sports bra. I have a leggings with the sports bra. I have a discount code in my shop my I really discount code in my shop my I really discount code in my shop my I really can't say enough good things about Form. can't say enough good things about Form. can't say enough good things about Form. Their stuff is great, and it does hold Their stuff is great, and it does hold Their stuff is great, and it does hold up in the wash. Moving on to a new small up in the wash. Moving on to a new small up in the wash. Moving on to a new small business. This chocolate brown and pink business. This chocolate brown and pink business. This chocolate brown and pink polka dot set is from Olive Active. The polka dot set is from Olive Active. The polka dot set is from Olive Active. The founder is super active on Tik Tok founder is super active on Tik Tok founder is super active on Tik Tok sharing the process of starting up her sharing the process of starting up her sharing the process of starting up her business, which I love. The sports bra business, which I love. The sports bra business, which I love. The sports bra is reversible, so again, you're getting is reversible, so again, you're getting is reversible, so again, you're getting a little two for one action. And the a little two for one action. And the a little two for one action. And the material is very similar to Lululemon material is very similar to Lululemon material is very similar to Lululemon Align. It's unpadded, but you can adjust Align. It's unpadded, but you can adjust Align. It's unpadded, but you can adjust the straps, so I feel like it has pretty the straps, so I feel like it has pretty the straps, so I feel like it has pretty good support. And from the good old good support. And from the good old good support. And from the good old Lululemon, I think this might be my Lululemon, I think this might be my Lululemon, I think this might be my favorite set in the entire video. This favorite set in the entire video. This favorite set in the entire video. This sports bra is so flattering on, and I sports bra is so flattering on, and I sports bra is so flattering on, and I love any sports bra that has a good love any sports bra that has a good love any sports bra that has a good strappy back. I opted for the 4 inch strappy back. I opted for the 4 inch strappy back. I opted for the 4 inch Align shorts. I'm 5'7 and I find that Align shorts. I'm 5'7 and I find that Align shorts. I'm 5'7 and I find that that's the perfect length for me. And that's the perfect length for me. And that's the perfect length for me. And also from Lululemon, this is the one also from Lululemon, this is the one also from Lululemon, this is the one item in the video that still has the tag item in the video that still has the tag item in the video that still has the tag on it because I can't decide if I should on it because I can't decide if I should on it because I can't decide if I should keep or return it. This is a little open keep or return it. This is a little open keep or return it. This is a little open back workout romper. The top is back workout romper. The top is back workout romper. The top is adjustable and so is the back. So, I adjustable and so is the back. So, I adjustable and so is the back. So, I like that you can make it like your like that you can make it like your like that you can make it like your ideal sizing. However, my mom and sister ideal sizing. However, my mom and sister ideal sizing. However, my mom and sister told me that this looked like a speedo told me that this looked like a speedo told me that this looked like a speedo fast suit when I put it on. So, that did fast suit when I put it on. So, that did fast suit when I put it on. So, that did kind of turn me off. You guys have to kind of turn me off. You guys have to kind of turn me off. You guys have to let me know in the comments. Keep or let me know in the comments. Keep or let me know in the comments. Keep or return. Also, this was on sale, but it return. Also, this was on sale, but it return. Also, this was on sale, but it was still $90, so keep that in mind. was still $90, so keep that in mind. was still $90, so keep that in mind. From Viori, I picked up this blue and From Viori, I picked up this blue and From Viori, I picked up this blue and white striped set. I know the white striped set. I know the white striped set. I know the drawstrings can be kind of weird if drawstrings can be kind of weird if drawstrings can be kind of weird if you're not used to them, but trust me, you're not used to them, but trust me, you're not used to them, but trust me, once you try them on, you will once you try them on, you will once you try them on, you will understand the hype. I love their sports understand the hype. I love their sports understand the hype. I love their sports bras also, and this one has a little bras also, and this one has a little bras also, and this one has a little touch of navy, so it's adding a third touch of navy, so it's adding a third touch of navy, so it's adding a third color into the mix. Speaking of lots of color into the mix. Speaking of lots of color into the mix. Speaking of lots of colors, this set is from one of my colors, this set is from one of my colors, this set is from one of my triedand-rue favorites, Leaison, the triedand-rue favorites, Leaison, the triedand-rue favorites, Leaison, the label. This is their collab with the label. This is their collab with the label. This is their collab with the Ray. I love the striping down the side. Ray. I love the striping down the side. Ray. I love the striping down the side. And one of my favorite features of And one of my favorite features of And one of my favorite features of Liaison is that their pads are the Liaison is that their pads are the Liaison is that their pads are the easiest to take out and put back in. easiest to take out and put back in. easiest to take out and put back in. Honestly, other brands need to take Honestly, other brands need to take Honestly, other brands need to take notes because Stfan killed that. Last notes because Stfan killed that. Last notes because Stfan killed that. Last up, we have one more small business up, we have one more small business up, we have one more small business called Bella V. This is just a cute called Bella V. This is just a cute called Bella V. This is just a cute little sports bra biker set. The only little sports bra biker set. The only little sports bra biker set. The only thing I will say is I feel like the thing I will say is I feel like the thing I will say is I feel like the colors do fade on these sets when you colors do fade on these sets when you colors do fade on these sets when you put them in the dryer. So, just put them in the dryer. So, just put them in the dryer. So, just something to be mindful of, but these something to be mindful of, but these something to be mindful of, but these sets are very, very cute. Let me know if sets are very, very cute. Let me know if sets are very, very cute. Let me know if I'm missing your favorite brand. I'm I'm missing your favorite brand. I'm I'm missing your favorite brand. I'm always looking to try out new workout always looking to try out new workout always looking to try out new workout brands and obviously I'll come back and brands and obviously I'll come back and brands and obviously I'll come back and give you guys a good old honest