if you're in the market for some super
cute new matching workout sets. I teach
and take heated workouts six times a
week. So, I know what holds up in the
heat, in the sweat, and after in the
laundry. So, I thought I would go
through and review all the sets that
I've recently got, let you know my
thoughts, and if you want any of them, I
will put them all in my shop. Starting
off with the set that I'm wearing. This
is from Form, their newest Chicago drop.
Form is hands down one of my favorite
activewear brands. Their stuff is cute,
compressive, and if you have no boobs
like me, they do wonders. This sports
bra is actually reversible. Only thing
is if you're getting the flares, I would
size up one because, as you can see,
they're very low-waisted. From the same
collection, I picked up these green
leggings with this new design, which is
a V-neck tank top with a sports bra
under. I got a ton of compliments on
this. Very flattering, and I love the
colorway. And last up from Form, I also
picked up this set, which is the core
leggings with the sports bra. I have a
discount code in my shop my I really
can't say enough good things about Form.
Their stuff is great, and it does hold
up in the wash. Moving on to a new small
business. This chocolate brown and pink
polka dot set is from Olive Active. The
founder is super active on Tik Tok
sharing the process of starting up her
business, which I love. The sports bra
is reversible, so again, you're getting
a little two for one action. And the
material is very similar to Lululemon
Align. It's unpadded, but you can adjust
the straps, so I feel like it has pretty
good support. And from the good old
Lululemon, I think this might be my
favorite set in the entire video. This
sports bra is so flattering on, and I
love any sports bra that has a good
strappy back. I opted for the 4 inch
Align shorts. I'm 5'7 and I find that
that's the perfect length for me. And
also from Lululemon, this is the one
item in the video that still has the tag
on it because I can't decide if I should
keep or return it. This is a little open
back workout romper. The top is
adjustable and so is the back. So, I
like that you can make it like your
ideal sizing. However, my mom and sister
told me that this looked like a speedo
fast suit when I put it on. So, that did
kind of turn me off. You guys have to
let me know in the comments. Keep or
return. Also, this was on sale, but it
was still $90, so keep that in mind.
From Viori, I picked up this blue and
white striped set. I know the
drawstrings can be kind of weird if
you're not used to them, but trust me,
once you try them on, you will
understand the hype. I love their sports
bras also, and this one has a little
touch of navy, so it's adding a third
color into the mix. Speaking of lots of
colors, this set is from one of my
triedand-rue favorites, Leaison, the
label. This is their collab with the
Ray. I love the striping down the side.
And one of my favorite features of
Liaison is that their pads are the
easiest to take out and put back in.
Honestly, other brands need to take
notes because Stfan killed that. Last
up, we have one more small business
called Bella V. This is just a cute
little sports bra biker set. The only
thing I will say is I feel like the
colors do fade on these sets when you
put them in the dryer. So, just
something to be mindful of, but these
sets are very, very cute. Let me know if
I'm missing your favorite brand. I'm
always looking to try out new workout
brands and obviously I'll come back and
give you guys a good old honest
