Hi guys, Actually
Deconstruct has arrived and
I have picked up a lot of products from this brand.
Actually One, Two, Three,
these three have arrived and I ordered and
bought them. This came from Naipala and I got it as a
sample, that is, as a free
gift. So,
today I am going to
show you the total review. Actually, in the
movie Dillangudi, Santhanam says, I have come and
picked up a lot of pills. I wanted to
see the sample. It came like that and
I have come and
picked up a lot. What is this? It
came and it is a
gel sunscreen with tea construct. Actually,
I have
never used sunscreen before. My
close friend has been using sunscreen for many years like Banita Paramangura and I have been
saying that I have used it. Actually,
I bought this from Maina. They were a
little bit crazy for my husband, so
I also got crazy and crazy. So they
came and said, "I have to put on sunscreen." I did
n't follow the skincare routine. I used to
wear only Mysore sandalwood. If I had used only Mysore sandalwood, I
would use sunscreen. But
this brand called D Construct has
come here. They have said that it is a gel sunscreen, broad spectrum
production, spa 55 plus pa+.
Then they came and came.
I ordered a vitamin C serum.
But this one came. Actually,
it is a night skin care product.
Many people have used it.
I have searched for
a day or three before
buying this product.
Then I looked at everything. They
came in the evening and said it was a Valentine's Day offer,
so I
put this balm and this all on, and they
gave me both of these for free. Actually, I didn't order the moisturizer, but I got a free sample because
I didn't
order the moisturizer.
This is an oil-free moisturizer. Then this sunscreen came in. Then the finale came.
You must have
seen my lips a lot on the blog. I wear
shorts. They are very
pigmented, so they are
dark. That's why I
came and bought this lip balm.
Actually, we went to buy this lip balm. We wanted to
buy all of these. The price of the lip balm came in at 199.
Actually, I came before this and used
a brand like EOS.
That's the price. It was actually 900 when it came,
now it's 600 or something.
Many people have asked for my lip balm,
but it gave me a lot of
softness, but
I do
n't know why it's so pigmented. That's why I've worked with
this brand, T Construct.
This is specifically for that. They
said it reduces coloring and reduces it. They said that
vitamin C helps with lip coloring. That's why I
bought it for one reason. I tested it and
told you. We came to the south and tried
sunscreen. So, why did
I come here?
So, what's the point? I ca
n't say whether I have oily skin or dry skin. Sometimes it comes like this and it's like a wet
earth. Sometimes it
comes and it's like oil and sweat and
runs down. That's why it's for all skin
types. So, I said that and there was one thing that was called
combination skin.
Actually, I came and
did a lot of research and
found one thing. Some people sometimes have
oily skin, sometimes they have
rough
skin and dry skin. I found that out by doing
research. So, I said that no matter what, I should use combination skin.
Mine came and it was
like combination skin. So, I bought this because it was called combined
skin for all skin types. If you
look at the benefits, it prevents
aging and sun-related aging. I don't have oil and
white cast. Actually,
I came and I came about four
years ago and I
used sunscreen when I was in Chennai. I don't know the name of that sunscreen.
Actually, what is it? As soon as I started using it, it
came and it was a nice white
cast, I took it and poured it on.
I used to use sunscreen
in my life, so I
bought this after reading a lot of reviews. I had to use sunscreen and do skin care. I bought it because of this. Actually, it came with SPF 55 and
my friend told me to buy
Actually. He recommended another brand.
I came and looked at it carefully and
bought it. Then I got the net weight of this and it came out that it was
50 g and the MRP
was
349. Then the main came out and it was
Actually, it was a gel paste. Okay, first,
I'll give you a trial. Let's take all
this and put it on.
This is Actually, I've
used it so far. The main
pack is open. Okay, let's make a video
for that, because we have to
tell four people we know,
because
many people come and
say, "What are you buying?" So they come and they
say, "This is actually a vitamin C serum, a ferulic acid serum." I
saw the vitamin C serum,
I didn't see all that acid, but this
came and many people recommended it.
This is it, so I
ordered this serum. It helps
brighten skin. This is actually what I
saw in many videos. Many people said
that this only brightens the skin. Whitening doesn't
go that far for whitening. Brighten skin, even skin
tone. Besides, it removes all those acne
marks.
Some people
said that it
has a lot of pimples.
People with sensitive skin
were saying to avoid it, try it and then use it. But when I got it, I didn't have that many
pimples. It was just pimples.
So I said, let's try it and see. I saw that it's only 30 ml
and it came and what's in it?
It's a night skin care product.
Many people have used it.
Until I saw it, it didn't come and
some people recommended it and came and
saw. So they said that it would be effective as a night skin care product. They
came and said that it was
fragrance-free, sulfite-free, paraben-free,
terminally tested, everything. If you actually came and tried it, they would have
given you a note.
I don't know if you know this.
It came and a customer came and gave a
review and they came and gave it a
five-star rating. They
put the customer's name and the review they gave and
used this, so
let's see what this is. Then the final product
came and this is actually a
moisturizer. I saw that I could come and buy it.
Because when I came,
a makeup artist came and
said, "If you
use one skin care product, one product, then you should use
everything in the same product separately. Use the
moisturizer separately, the serum separately, the sunscreen
separately. Then there will
be a little difference. So they
came and
said, "Use everything in one place." That's why I put all of these in one place. I
thought that I could actually put the moisturizer first, but when they came and
gave me a free sample, I tried
our sample first and if it was
good, I said, "You can buy it." So I
put this in. 10 g has just
arrived and all this has arrived.
I am going to see the dryer look.
Actually, I have been using this regularly for two or three days. I have been using it for a while now. It has been a
bit soft and it seems to be a bit fluffy.
I will give you a
sample of this and
I am happy to give it to you. Let's go and wash your face. I have washed my face and come back.
Actually, what did you say? You
can't get this kind of rough stuff. You have to touch it and
take it. That is, you have to
apply it immediately after bathing. Let's try the lip balm first.
Okay,
because my skin has become
irritated. I have a
lip balm. Now you have seen it.
I know it is pigmented. So, what is this? They
said that they were frequently saying that,
but when a chocolate arrived, I didn't know if you
had eaten it.
The smell of that chocolate was like a light treat to me. Actually, there is
this coconut candy. It has that flavor. It's
like it's hitting me really hard.
This sunscreen actually
arrived and they gave me 1% vitamin C. They didn't have that, but they gave me
SPF 30. They gave me this one. You
saw this one. So, a couple of times. I
was using it for three days before this. I used it regularly and
gave you a review. It
seems like there is this much quantity.
Actually, I was the one who said that when this
arrived, there was no such
break.
But I have eaten that coconut chocolate.
You must have
eaten that too. I get the exact flavor of that chocolate. Did they
give me coconut flavor? I don't know,
but they mentioned it as no breakout, but I'll see,
what did they give me?
Vitamin C helps with lip
discoloration, and
then they
said it's a resurfacing treatment that fights pigmentation caused by the sun. Okay, this is what I got, and I'm really impressed with it in my personal
experience. If it really worked for me,
I'll definitely
come back and post another video. Let's see how it
came out and how I got my original
tone. I've
seen it in many videos. They gave me that pill, that
drop,
but it's a little
different, it's good. But if
you take it like a capsule, it comes out like this. And if you apply it like this, it looks like this.
That's the disadvantage of this.
But what does it say? It
has a good water consistency, it's
not sticky or sticky like that, it's
not sticky at all, it's good
The smell is good. When I got it, I saw it and
said that it should be used as a night skin care product. They said that they would
massage me with it.
I'm recording it right now.
Look at my skin. I'll definitely
come back and see if I
get results. I'll post another video. I'll continue to use the product regularly.
But I'm using the product itself. It was very refreshing for me.
I used it for three or four days and then
gave this review. It was very refreshing for me. That's why I came and got
the sample for free.
This moisturizer came and we
can see our sample. It came and it's
a little too greasy. They
gave it like an ointment. But when you
always come and get a moisturizer,
whether it's a bath or a shower, it's always
good. It comes in a little gummy
quantity and you can
take it and massage it well.
This came and that
moisturizer also came and that gel
base. As soon as you put it on, the gel is
not like a cream at all. It is actually
like a gel. As soon as you put it on, it
comes and observes well. Apply it
well everywhere and finally it's time for
sunscreen. We opened it for the main body to see.
Now when
this sunscreen came and took it, as
far as I could see, everyone else came and took it as soon as they took it. Today, there is
no quantity. They were putting it on as soon as they took it.
I also came and tried it and this came like this. It actually came like this. If
you have seen this, you know that it
came good for you. It has a creamy
consistency. As soon as you put it on, it came like this.
Oh my God, it's in my hair. It's actually in my hair. I don't know
where I got it from, I put on a hair band,
you can try it too,
because I put it on after I had all my hair cut. I didn't tell you what
brand it was. Actually, it's just
my friend who started it. I bought it and gave it to my friend.
She recommended that brand to her.
Actually, it was good. As soon as I
put it on, it was like that. When I put it on, I
got only
Mysore Sandal Soap. Apart from that, I put on anything
else, even groundnut flour,
paitham dal flour. Whatever I put on, those
little little bubbles come out. They don't get fried. That's why
I never
put it on. But when I came here, I didn't
know about that white casting. And
then I came back and there was that kubu
kubu. That didn't work for me either.
But I don't know if it was only for me. But there
were a lot of people like that. Please
comment, because if it's
just me, I want
to know a little bit, or if it's some kind of
disease, I should go and get it checked. After that, it was
observed well and that's it. It blended
perfectly.
You can apply your makeup on top of this, you can apply normal makeup on top of this. I won't put any
makeup on top of this. I'll put a lipstick on top of
this and leave. You can apply your makeup on top of this.
Skin care.
After all this, after taking a bath, the
skin will be moisturized.
Then it will be a little effective. No matter how
we look at it, no matter how we
do it, it seems like we put too much quantity. It won't be observed. I know there is a
lot of this. So, as
for what I
use,
I have used a lot of products. But when I got it, it was
very
soft and nothing. It came out
very light weight. My
skin I don't do all the care,
but I only feel 10% of the light, and I do
n't know how to do a lot of heavy lifting. Actually, I think this whole
product is okay. I definitely got
this sample. I actually
bought it last night. They said it was a Valentine's Day offer. They gave me a sunscreen sample. I
bought this total product on the Nike app. I got the total and it cost
me 1200. But I
thought about it a lot
before buying it. Even if it's a little expensive, I want to buy a good brand. I definitely came for one week. I did some research. After researching, I
bought this product. I felt like I had something for it. My skin got better.
Now that I've put it on,
this is my night skin care routine. I follow it. I
did it for three days and followed it regularly. I
took it at night and applied
moisturizer and lip balm.
As soon as I got it, I felt a
little soft in the morning. It was
winter season and it was combined weather. It was sunny in the
afternoon and snowed in the morning. So my
skin was the same.
But
after using this, it seemed to be a little soft and
good. The
next product I
got was definitely the best
result for me. So,
look here. This Lip Pigmentation Plus got better
on all these scars.
I will definitely upload a video with the results. If there are any
disadvantages to this product, please give me some
feedback. You must have felt it, there are those who have already used it, there are those who have come and
commented on the shortcomings and advantages,
I will also try it and find out,
or if you said there
is another brand,
tell me, I will definitely
come and try it because when it comes to
skin care,
we cannot come and make sacrifices.
Skin care is important. I have just come here and I am
seven years old. I have just come here and I will follow you.
You can see my best results. Definitely follow me. You also know that if I
get good results, I will
post another video. They do not have any promotion, actually there
is no sponsor, but I have actually used this for
two or three days and
I am very impressed. So
that is why I came and reviewed it
because there are so many people who ask me what kind of
skin care it is.
Come and watch this video, watch it,
use it, see how it came out, it's good, there
are a lot of reviews, I
went and put on the best sunscreen, it came out right away, I got it,
Google
search gave it to me, try it,
don't forget to come and comment,
Tata Boy Boy
