Hi guys, Actually Hi guys, Actually Hi guys, Actually Deconstruct has arrived and Deconstruct has arrived and Deconstruct has arrived and I have picked up a lot of products from this brand. I have picked up a lot of products from this brand. I have picked up a lot of products from this brand. Actually One, Two, Three, Actually One, Two, Three, Actually One, Two, Three, these three have arrived and I ordered and these three have arrived and I ordered and these three have arrived and I ordered and bought them. This came from Naipala and I got it as a bought them. This came from Naipala and I got it as a bought them. This came from Naipala and I got it as a sample, that is, as a free sample, that is, as a free sample, that is, as a free gift. So, gift. So, gift. So, today I am going to show you the total review. Actually, in the show you the total review. Actually, in the show you the total review. Actually, in the movie Dillangudi, Santhanam says, I have come and movie Dillangudi, Santhanam says, I have come and movie Dillangudi, Santhanam says, I have come and picked up a lot of pills. I wanted to picked up a lot of pills. I wanted to picked up a lot of pills. I wanted to see the sample. It came like that and see the sample. It came like that and see the sample. It came like that and I have come and I have come and I have come and picked up a lot. What is this? It picked up a lot. What is this? It picked up a lot. What is this? It came and it is a came and it is a came and it is a gel sunscreen with tea construct. Actually, gel sunscreen with tea construct. Actually, gel sunscreen with tea construct. Actually, I have I have I have never used sunscreen before. My never used sunscreen before. My never used sunscreen before. My close friend has been using sunscreen for many years like Banita Paramangura and I have been close friend has been using sunscreen for many years like Banita Paramangura and I have been saying that I have used it. Actually, saying that I have used it. Actually, saying that I have used it. Actually, I bought this from Maina.  They were a I bought this from Maina.  They were a I bought this from Maina.  They were a little bit crazy for my husband, so little bit crazy for my husband, so little bit crazy for my husband, so I also got crazy and crazy. So they I also got crazy and crazy. So they came and said, "I have to put on sunscreen." I did came and said, "I have to put on sunscreen." I did n't follow the skincare routine. I used to n't follow the skincare routine. I used to n't follow the skincare routine. I used to wear only Mysore sandalwood. If I had used only Mysore sandalwood, I wear only Mysore sandalwood. If I had used only Mysore sandalwood, I would use sunscreen. But would use sunscreen. But would use sunscreen. But this brand called D Construct has this brand called D Construct has this brand called D Construct has come here. They have said that it is a gel sunscreen, broad spectrum come here. They have said that it is a gel sunscreen, broad spectrum come here. They have said that it is a gel sunscreen, broad spectrum production, spa 55 plus pa+. production, spa 55 plus pa+. Then they came and came. Then they came and came. Then they came and came. I ordered a vitamin C serum. I ordered a vitamin C serum. I ordered a vitamin C serum. But this one came. Actually, But this one came. Actually, But this one came. Actually, it is a night skin care product. it is a night skin care product. it is a night skin care product. Many people have used it. Many people have used it. Many people have used it. I have searched for I have searched for I have searched for a day or three before a day or three before a day or three before buying this product. buying this product. buying this product. Then I looked at everything.  They Then I looked at everything.  They Then I looked at everything.  They came in the evening and said it was a Valentine's Day offer, came in the evening and said it was a Valentine's Day offer, came in the evening and said it was a Valentine's Day offer, so I so I so I put this balm and this all on, and they put this balm and this all on, and they gave me both of these for free. Actually, I didn't order the moisturizer, but I got a free sample because gave me both of these for free. Actually, I didn't order the moisturizer, but I got a free sample because I didn't I didn't I didn't order the moisturizer. order the moisturizer. This is an oil-free moisturizer. Then this sunscreen came in. Then the finale came. This is an oil-free moisturizer. Then this sunscreen came in. Then the finale came. You must have You must have You must have seen my lips a lot on the blog. I wear seen my lips a lot on the blog. I wear seen my lips a lot on the blog. I wear shorts. They are very shorts. They are very shorts. They are very pigmented, so they are pigmented, so they are pigmented, so they are dark. That's why I dark. That's why I dark. That's why I came and bought this lip balm. came and bought this lip balm. came and bought this lip balm. Actually, we went to buy this lip balm. We wanted to Actually, we went to buy this lip balm. We wanted to buy all of these. The price of the lip balm came in at 199. buy all of these. The price of the lip balm came in at 199. buy all of these. The price of the lip balm came in at 199. Actually, I came before this and used Actually, I came before this and used Actually, I came before this and used a brand like EOS. a brand like EOS. a brand like EOS. That's the price.  It was actually 900 when it came, That's the price.  It was actually 900 when it came, That's the price.  It was actually 900 when it came, now it's 600 or something. now it's 600 or something. now it's 600 or something. Many people have asked for my lip balm, Many people have asked for my lip balm, Many people have asked for my lip balm, but it gave me a lot of but it gave me a lot of but it gave me a lot of softness, but softness, but softness, but I do I do I do n't know why it's so pigmented. That's why I've worked with n't know why it's so pigmented. That's why I've worked with n't know why it's so pigmented. That's why I've worked with this brand, T Construct. this brand, T Construct. this brand, T Construct. This is specifically for that. They This is specifically for that. They This is specifically for that. They said it reduces coloring and reduces it. They said that said it reduces coloring and reduces it. They said that said it reduces coloring and reduces it. They said that vitamin C helps with lip coloring. That's why I vitamin C helps with lip coloring. That's why I bought it for one reason. I tested it and bought it for one reason. I tested it and bought it for one reason. I tested it and told you. We came to the south and tried told you. We came to the south and tried told you. We came to the south and tried sunscreen. So, why did sunscreen. So, why did sunscreen. So, why did I come here? I come here? I come here? So, what's the point? I ca So, what's the point? I ca n't say whether I have oily skin or dry skin. Sometimes it comes like this and it's like a wet n't say whether I have oily skin or dry skin. Sometimes it comes like this and it's like a wet n't say whether I have oily skin or dry skin. Sometimes it comes like this and it's like a wet earth. Sometimes it earth. Sometimes it earth. Sometimes it comes and it's like oil and sweat and comes and it's like oil and sweat and comes and it's like oil and sweat and runs down. That's why it's for all skin runs down. That's why it's for all skin runs down. That's why it's for all skin types.  So, I said that and there was one thing that was called types.  So, I said that and there was one thing that was called types.  So, I said that and there was one thing that was called combination skin. combination skin. combination skin. Actually, I came and Actually, I came and Actually, I came and did a lot of research and did a lot of research and did a lot of research and found one thing. Some people sometimes have found one thing. Some people sometimes have found one thing. Some people sometimes have oily skin, sometimes they have oily skin, sometimes they have oily skin, sometimes they have rough rough rough skin and dry skin. I found that out by doing skin and dry skin. I found that out by doing skin and dry skin. I found that out by doing research. So, I said that no matter what, I should use combination skin. research. So, I said that no matter what, I should use combination skin. Mine came and it was Mine came and it was Mine came and it was like combination skin. So, I bought this because it was called combined like combination skin. So, I bought this because it was called combined like combination skin. So, I bought this because it was called combined skin for all skin types. If you skin for all skin types. If you look at the benefits, it prevents look at the benefits, it prevents look at the benefits, it prevents aging and sun-related aging. I don't have oil and aging and sun-related aging. I don't have oil and aging and sun-related aging. I don't have oil and white cast. Actually, white cast. Actually, white cast. Actually, I came and I came about four I came and I came about four I came and I came about four years ago and I years ago and I used sunscreen when I was in Chennai. I don't know the name of that sunscreen. used sunscreen when I was in Chennai. I don't know the name of that sunscreen. used sunscreen when I was in Chennai. I don't know the name of that sunscreen. Actually, what is it?  As soon as I started using it, it Actually, what is it?  As soon as I started using it, it Actually, what is it?  As soon as I started using it, it came and it was a nice white came and it was a nice white came and it was a nice white cast, I took it and poured it on. cast, I took it and poured it on. cast, I took it and poured it on. I used to use sunscreen I used to use sunscreen I used to use sunscreen in my life, so I in my life, so I bought this after reading a lot of reviews. I had to use sunscreen and do skin care. I bought it because of this. Actually, it came with SPF 55 and bought this after reading a lot of reviews. I had to use sunscreen and do skin care. I bought it because of this. Actually, it came with SPF 55 and bought this after reading a lot of reviews. I had to use sunscreen and do skin care. I bought it because of this. Actually, it came with SPF 55 and my friend told me to buy my friend told me to buy my friend told me to buy Actually. He recommended another brand. Actually. He recommended another brand. Actually. He recommended another brand. I came and looked at it carefully and I came and looked at it carefully and bought it. Then I got the net weight of this and it came out that it was bought it. Then I got the net weight of this and it came out that it was bought it. Then I got the net weight of this and it came out that it was 50 g and the MRP 50 g and the MRP 50 g and the MRP was was was 349. Then the main came out and it was 349. Then the main came out and it was 349. Then the main came out and it was Actually, it was a gel paste. Okay, first, Actually, it was a gel paste. Okay, first, Actually, it was a gel paste. Okay, first, I'll give you a trial. Let's take all I'll give you a trial. Let's take all I'll give you a trial. Let's take all this and put it on. this and put it on. this and put it on. This is Actually, I've This is Actually, I've This is Actually, I've used it so far. The main used it so far. The main used it so far. The main pack is open.  Okay, let's make a video pack is open.  Okay, let's make a video pack is open.  Okay, let's make a video for that, because we have to for that, because we have to for that, because we have to tell four people we know, tell four people we know, tell four people we know, because because because many people come and many people come and many people come and say, "What are you buying?" So they come and they say, "What are you buying?" So they come and they say, "This is actually a vitamin C serum, a ferulic acid serum." I say, "This is actually a vitamin C serum, a ferulic acid serum." I say, "This is actually a vitamin C serum, a ferulic acid serum." I saw the vitamin C serum, saw the vitamin C serum, saw the vitamin C serum, I didn't see all that acid, but this I didn't see all that acid, but this I didn't see all that acid, but this came and many people recommended it. came and many people recommended it. came and many people recommended it. This is it, so I This is it, so I This is it, so I ordered this serum. It helps ordered this serum. It helps ordered this serum. It helps brighten skin. This is actually what I brighten skin. This is actually what I brighten skin. This is actually what I saw in many videos. Many people said saw in many videos. Many people said saw in many videos. Many people said that this only brightens the skin. Whitening doesn't that this only brightens the skin. Whitening doesn't go that far for whitening. Brighten skin, even skin go that far for whitening. Brighten skin, even skin go that far for whitening. Brighten skin, even skin tone. Besides, it removes all those acne tone. Besides, it removes all those acne tone. Besides, it removes all those acne marks. marks. Some people Some people Some people said that it said that it said that it has a lot of pimples. has a lot of pimples. has a lot of pimples. People with sensitive skin People with sensitive skin were saying to avoid it, try it and then use it. But when I got it, I didn't have that many were saying to avoid it, try it and then use it. But when I got it, I didn't have that many were saying to avoid it, try it and then use it. But when I got it, I didn't have that many pimples. It was just pimples. pimples. It was just pimples. So I said, let's try it and see. I saw that it's only 30 ml So I said, let's try it and see. I saw that it's only 30 ml So I said, let's try it and see. I saw that it's only 30 ml and it came and what's in it? and it came and what's in it? and it came and what's in it? It's a night skin care product. It's a night skin care product. It's a night skin care product. Many people have used it. Many people have used it. Many people have used it. Until I saw it, it didn't come and Until I saw it, it didn't come and Until I saw it, it didn't come and some people recommended it and came and some people recommended it and came and some people recommended it and came and saw. So they said that it would be effective as a night skin care product. They saw. So they said that it would be effective as a night skin care product. They came and said that it was came and said that it was came and said that it was fragrance-free, sulfite-free, paraben-free, fragrance-free, sulfite-free, paraben-free, fragrance-free, sulfite-free, paraben-free, terminally tested, everything. If you actually came and tried it, they would have terminally tested, everything. If you actually came and tried it, they would have given you a note. given you a note. given you a note. I don't know if you know this. I don't know if you know this. I don't know if you know this. It came and a customer came and gave a It came and a customer came and gave a It came and a customer came and gave a review and they came and gave it a review and they came and gave it a review and they came and gave it a five-star rating.  They five-star rating.  They five-star rating.  They put the customer's name and the review they gave and put the customer's name and the review they gave and put the customer's name and the review they gave and used this, so used this, so used this, so let's see what this is. Then the final product let's see what this is. Then the final product came and this is actually a came and this is actually a came and this is actually a moisturizer. I saw that I could come and buy it. moisturizer. I saw that I could come and buy it. moisturizer. I saw that I could come and buy it. Because when I came, Because when I came, Because when I came, a makeup artist came and a makeup artist came and a makeup artist came and said, "If you said, "If you use one skin care product, one product, then you should use use one skin care product, one product, then you should use use one skin care product, one product, then you should use everything in the same product separately. Use the everything in the same product separately. Use the everything in the same product separately. Use the moisturizer separately, the serum separately, the sunscreen moisturizer separately, the serum separately, the sunscreen moisturizer separately, the serum separately, the sunscreen separately. Then there will separately. Then there will separately. Then there will be a little difference. So they be a little difference. So they be a little difference. So they came and came and came and said, "Use everything in one place." That's why I put all of these in one place. I said, "Use everything in one place." That's why I put all of these in one place. I thought that I could actually put the moisturizer first, but when they came and thought that I could actually put the moisturizer first, but when they came and thought that I could actually put the moisturizer first, but when they came and gave me a free sample, I tried gave me a free sample, I tried gave me a free sample, I tried our sample first and if it was our sample first and if it was our sample first and if it was good, I said, "You can buy it." So I good, I said, "You can buy it." So I good, I said, "You can buy it." So I put this in.  10 g has just put this in.  10 g has just put this in.  10 g has just arrived and all this has arrived. arrived and all this has arrived. arrived and all this has arrived. I am going to see the dryer look. I am going to see the dryer look. I am going to see the dryer look. Actually, I have been using this regularly for two or three days. I have been using it for a while now. It has been a Actually, I have been using this regularly for two or three days. I have been using it for a while now. It has been a bit soft and it seems to be a bit fluffy. bit soft and it seems to be a bit fluffy. bit soft and it seems to be a bit fluffy. I will give you a I will give you a I will give you a sample of this and sample of this and sample of this and I am happy to give it to you. Let's go and wash your face. I have washed my face and come back. Actually, what did you say? You Actually, what did you say? You can't get this kind of rough stuff. You have to touch it and can't get this kind of rough stuff. You have to touch it and can't get this kind of rough stuff. You have to touch it and take it. That is, you have to take it. That is, you have to apply it immediately after bathing. Let's try the lip balm first. apply it immediately after bathing. Let's try the lip balm first. apply it immediately after bathing. Let's try the lip balm first. Okay, Okay, Okay, because my skin has become because my skin has become because my skin has become irritated. I have a irritated. I have a irritated. I have a lip balm. Now you have seen it. lip balm. Now you have seen it. lip balm. Now you have seen it. I know it is pigmented. So, what is this?  They I know it is pigmented. So, what is this?  They said that they were frequently saying that, said that they were frequently saying that, said that they were frequently saying that, but when a chocolate arrived, I didn't know if you but when a chocolate arrived, I didn't know if you but when a chocolate arrived, I didn't know if you had eaten it. had eaten it. had eaten it. The smell of that chocolate was like a light treat to me. Actually, there is The smell of that chocolate was like a light treat to me. Actually, there is this coconut candy. It has that flavor. It's this coconut candy. It has that flavor. It's like it's hitting me really hard. This sunscreen actually This sunscreen actually This sunscreen actually arrived and they gave me 1% vitamin C. They didn't have that, but they gave me arrived and they gave me 1% vitamin C. They didn't have that, but they gave me SPF 30. They gave me this one. You SPF 30. They gave me this one. You saw this one. So, a couple of times. I saw this one. So, a couple of times. I was using it for three days before this. I used it regularly and was using it for three days before this. I used it regularly and was using it for three days before this. I used it regularly and gave you a review. It gave you a review. It gave you a review. It seems like there is this much quantity. seems like there is this much quantity. seems like there is this much quantity. Actually, I was the one who said that when this Actually, I was the one who said that when this Actually, I was the one who said that when this arrived, there was no such arrived, there was no such arrived, there was no such break. break. break. But I have eaten that coconut chocolate. But I have eaten that coconut chocolate. But I have eaten that coconut chocolate. You must have You must have You must have eaten that too. I get the exact flavor of that chocolate. Did they eaten that too. I get the exact flavor of that chocolate. Did they give me coconut flavor?  I don't know, give me coconut flavor?  I don't know, give me coconut flavor?  I don't know, but they mentioned it as no breakout, but I'll see, but they mentioned it as no breakout, but I'll see, what did they give me? what did they give me? what did they give me? Vitamin C helps with lip Vitamin C helps with lip Vitamin C helps with lip discoloration, and discoloration, and discoloration, and then they then they said it's a resurfacing treatment that fights pigmentation caused by the sun. Okay, this is what I got, and I'm really impressed with it in my personal said it's a resurfacing treatment that fights pigmentation caused by the sun. Okay, this is what I got, and I'm really impressed with it in my personal experience. If it really worked for me, experience. If it really worked for me, I'll definitely I'll definitely I'll definitely come back and post another video. Let's see how it come back and post another video. Let's see how it come back and post another video. Let's see how it came out and how I got my original came out and how I got my original came out and how I got my original tone. I've tone. I've tone. I've seen it in many videos. They gave me that pill, that seen it in many videos. They gave me that pill, that seen it in many videos. They gave me that pill, that drop, drop, drop, but it's a little but it's a little but it's a little different, it's good. But if different, it's good. But if different, it's good. But if you take it like a capsule, it comes out like this. And if you apply it like this, it looks like this. you take it like a capsule, it comes out like this. And if you apply it like this, it looks like this. That's the disadvantage of this. That's the disadvantage of this. But what does it say? It But what does it say? It But what does it say? It has a good water consistency, it's has a good water consistency, it's not sticky or sticky like that, it's not sticky at all, it's good not sticky at all, it's good The smell is good. When I got it, I saw it and The smell is good. When I got it, I saw it and said that it should be used as a night skin care product. They said that they would said that it should be used as a night skin care product. They said that they would said that it should be used as a night skin care product. They said that they would massage me with it. I'm recording it right now. I'm recording it right now. I'm recording it right now. Look at my skin. I'll definitely Look at my skin. I'll definitely Look at my skin. I'll definitely come back and see if I come back and see if I come back and see if I get results. I'll post another video. I'll continue to use the product regularly. get results. I'll post another video. I'll continue to use the product regularly. But I'm using the product itself. It was very refreshing for me. But I'm using the product itself. It was very refreshing for me. I used it for three or four days and then I used it for three or four days and then I used it for three or four days and then gave this review. It was very refreshing for me. That's why I came and got gave this review. It was very refreshing for me. That's why I came and got the sample for free. the sample for free. the sample for free. This moisturizer came and we This moisturizer came and we can see our sample. It came and it's can see our sample. It came and it's can see our sample. It came and it's a little too greasy. They a little too greasy. They a little too greasy. They gave it like an ointment. But when you always come and get a moisturizer, always come and get a moisturizer, always come and get a moisturizer, whether it's a bath or a shower, it's always whether it's a bath or a shower, it's always good.  It comes in a little gummy good.  It comes in a little gummy good.  It comes in a little gummy quantity and you can quantity and you can quantity and you can take it and massage it well. This came and that This came and that This came and that moisturizer also came and that gel moisturizer also came and that gel moisturizer also came and that gel base. As soon as you put it on, the gel is base. As soon as you put it on, the gel is base. As soon as you put it on, the gel is not like a cream at all. It is actually not like a cream at all. It is actually not like a cream at all. It is actually like a gel. As soon as you put it on, it like a gel. As soon as you put it on, it like a gel. As soon as you put it on, it comes and observes well. Apply it comes and observes well. Apply it comes and observes well. Apply it well everywhere and finally it's time for well everywhere and finally it's time for sunscreen. We opened it for the main body to see. sunscreen. We opened it for the main body to see. sunscreen. We opened it for the main body to see. Now when Now when Now when this sunscreen came and took it, as this sunscreen came and took it, as this sunscreen came and took it, as far as I could see, everyone else came and took it as soon as they took it. Today, there is far as I could see, everyone else came and took it as soon as they took it. Today, there is no quantity. They were putting it on as soon as they took it. no quantity. They were putting it on as soon as they took it. I also came and tried it and this came like this. It actually came like this. If you have seen this, you know that it you have seen this, you know that it you have seen this, you know that it came good for you. It has a creamy came good for you. It has a creamy came good for you. It has a creamy consistency. As soon as you put it on, it came like this. Oh my God, it's in my hair. It's actually in my hair.  I don't know where I got it from, I put on a hair band, where I got it from, I put on a hair band, where I got it from, I put on a hair band, you can try it too, you can try it too, you can try it too, because I put it on after I had all my hair cut. I didn't tell you what brand it was. Actually, it's just brand it was. Actually, it's just my friend who started it. I bought it and gave it to my friend. my friend who started it. I bought it and gave it to my friend. She recommended that brand to her. She recommended that brand to her. She recommended that brand to her. Actually, it was good. As soon as I Actually, it was good. As soon as I Actually, it was good. As soon as I put it on, it was like that. When I put it on, I put it on, it was like that. When I put it on, I put it on, it was like that. When I put it on, I got only got only got only Mysore Sandal Soap. Apart from that, I put on anything Mysore Sandal Soap. Apart from that, I put on anything Mysore Sandal Soap. Apart from that, I put on anything else, even groundnut flour, else, even groundnut flour, else, even groundnut flour, paitham dal flour. Whatever I put on, those paitham dal flour. Whatever I put on, those paitham dal flour. Whatever I put on, those little little bubbles come out. They don't get fried. That's why little little bubbles come out. They don't get fried. That's why little little bubbles come out. They don't get fried. That's why I never I never I never put it on. But when I came here, I didn't put it on. But when I came here, I didn't put it on. But when I came here, I didn't know about that white casting. And know about that white casting. And know about that white casting. And then I came back and there was that kubu then I came back and there was that kubu then I came back and there was that kubu kubu. That didn't work for me either. kubu. That didn't work for me either. kubu. That didn't work for me either. But I don't know if it was only for me. But there But I don't know if it was only for me. But there were a lot of people like that.  Please were a lot of people like that.  Please were a lot of people like that.  Please comment, because if it's comment, because if it's comment, because if it's just me, I want just me, I want just me, I want to know a little bit, or if it's some kind of to know a little bit, or if it's some kind of to know a little bit, or if it's some kind of disease, I should go and get it checked. After that, it was disease, I should go and get it checked. After that, it was observed well and that's it. It blended observed well and that's it. It blended observed well and that's it. It blended perfectly. perfectly. perfectly. You can apply your makeup on top of this, you can apply normal makeup on top of this. I won't put any You can apply your makeup on top of this, you can apply normal makeup on top of this. I won't put any makeup on top of this. I'll put a lipstick on top of makeup on top of this. I'll put a lipstick on top of makeup on top of this. I'll put a lipstick on top of this and leave. You can apply your makeup on top of this. this and leave. You can apply your makeup on top of this. this and leave. You can apply your makeup on top of this. Skin care. Skin care. Skin care. After all this, after taking a bath, the After all this, after taking a bath, the After all this, after taking a bath, the skin will be moisturized. skin will be moisturized. skin will be moisturized. Then it will be a little effective. No matter how Then it will be a little effective. No matter how Then it will be a little effective. No matter how we look at it, no matter how we we look at it, no matter how we we look at it, no matter how we do it, it seems like we put too much quantity. It won't be observed. I know there is a do it, it seems like we put too much quantity. It won't be observed. I know there is a lot of this. So, as lot of this. So, as lot of this. So, as for what I for what I for what I use, use, use, I have used a lot of products. But when I got it, it was I have used a lot of products. But when I got it, it was I have used a lot of products. But when I got it, it was very very very soft and nothing. It came out soft and nothing. It came out soft and nothing. It came out very light weight. My very light weight. My very light weight. My skin  I don't do all the care, skin  I don't do all the care, skin  I don't do all the care, but I only feel 10% of the light, and I do but I only feel 10% of the light, and I do n't know how to do a lot of heavy lifting. Actually, I think this whole n't know how to do a lot of heavy lifting. Actually, I think this whole n't know how to do a lot of heavy lifting. Actually, I think this whole product is okay. I definitely got product is okay. I definitely got product is okay. I definitely got this sample. I actually this sample. I actually bought it last night. They said it was a Valentine's Day offer. They gave me a sunscreen sample. I bought it last night. They said it was a Valentine's Day offer. They gave me a sunscreen sample. I bought this total product on the Nike app. I got the total and it cost bought this total product on the Nike app. I got the total and it cost bought this total product on the Nike app. I got the total and it cost me 1200. But I me 1200. But I me 1200. But I thought about it a lot thought about it a lot before buying it. Even if it's a little expensive, I want to buy a good brand. I definitely came for one week. I did some research. After researching, I before buying it. Even if it's a little expensive, I want to buy a good brand. I definitely came for one week. I did some research. After researching, I before buying it. Even if it's a little expensive, I want to buy a good brand. I definitely came for one week. I did some research. After researching, I bought this product. I felt like I had something for it. My skin got better. bought this product. I felt like I had something for it. My skin got better. Now that I've put it on, Now that I've put it on, Now that I've put it on, this is my night skin care routine. I follow it.  I this is my night skin care routine. I follow it.  I this is my night skin care routine. I follow it.  I did it for three days and followed it regularly. I did it for three days and followed it regularly. I did it for three days and followed it regularly. I took it at night and applied took it at night and applied took it at night and applied moisturizer and lip balm. moisturizer and lip balm. As soon as I got it, I felt a As soon as I got it, I felt a little soft in the morning. It was little soft in the morning. It was little soft in the morning. It was winter season and it was combined weather. It was sunny in the winter season and it was combined weather. It was sunny in the afternoon and snowed in the morning. So my afternoon and snowed in the morning. So my skin was the same. skin was the same. skin was the same. But But But after using this, it seemed to be a little soft and after using this, it seemed to be a little soft and after using this, it seemed to be a little soft and good. The good. The good. The next product I next product I next product I got was definitely the best got was definitely the best got was definitely the best result for me. So, result for me. So, result for me. So, look here. This Lip Pigmentation Plus got better look here. This Lip Pigmentation Plus got better look here. This Lip Pigmentation Plus got better on all these scars. on all these scars. I will definitely upload a video with the results. If there are any I will definitely upload a video with the results. If there are any disadvantages to this product, please give me some disadvantages to this product, please give me some feedback.  You must have felt it, there are those who have already used it, there are those who have come and feedback.  You must have felt it, there are those who have already used it, there are those who have come and commented on the shortcomings and advantages, commented on the shortcomings and advantages, commented on the shortcomings and advantages, I will also try it and find out, I will also try it and find out, I will also try it and find out, or if you said there or if you said there or if you said there is another brand, is another brand, is another brand, tell me, I will definitely tell me, I will definitely tell me, I will definitely come and try it because when it comes to come and try it because when it comes to come and try it because when it comes to skin care, skin care, skin care, we cannot come and make sacrifices. we cannot come and make sacrifices. we cannot come and make sacrifices. Skin care is important. I have just come here and I am Skin care is important. I have just come here and I am Skin care is important. I have just come here and I am seven years old. I have just come here and I will follow you. seven years old. I have just come here and I will follow you. You can see my best results. Definitely follow me. You also know that if I You can see my best results. Definitely follow me. You also know that if I You can see my best results. Definitely follow me. You also know that if I get good results, I will get good results, I will get good results, I will post another video. They do not have any promotion, actually there post another video. They do not have any promotion, actually there post another video. They do not have any promotion, actually there is no sponsor, but I have actually used this for is no sponsor, but I have actually used this for is no sponsor, but I have actually used this for two or three days and two or three days and two or three days and I am very impressed. So I am very impressed. So I am very impressed. So that is why I came and reviewed it that is why I came and reviewed it that is why I came and reviewed it because there are so many people who ask me what kind of because there are so many people who ask me what kind of because there are so many people who ask me what kind of skin care it is. skin care it is. Come and watch this video, watch it, Come and watch this video, watch it, Come and watch this video, watch it, use it, see how it came out, it's good, there use it, see how it came out, it's good, there use it, see how it came out, it's good, there are a lot of reviews, I are a lot of reviews, I are a lot of reviews, I went and put on the best sunscreen, it came out right away, I got it, went and put on the best sunscreen, it came out right away, I got it, went and put on the best sunscreen, it came out right away, I got it, Google Google Google search gave it to me, try it, search gave it to me, try it, search gave it to me, try it, don't forget to come and comment, don't forget to come and comment, don't forget to come and comment, Tata Boy Boy