Does the smell of your underarms also make Does the smell of your underarms also make Does the smell of your underarms also make people around you feel the same way?  So people around you feel the same way?  So people around you feel the same way?  So this product Pitku has come on Shark Tank Season Five. this product Pitku has come on Shark Tank Season Five. this product Pitku has come on Shark Tank Season Five. This has been started by the girl, that is, the This has been started by the girl, that is, the This has been started by the girl, that is, the actress.  If you know his name, please actress.  If you know his name, please actress.  If you know his name, please tell me in the comments.  They say that if you tell me in the comments.  They say that if you tell me in the comments.  They say that if you apply it continuously for a month, you will apply it continuously for a month, you will apply it continuously for a month, you will never have any smell.  This is for never have any smell.  This is for never have any smell.  This is for ₹999. ₹999. ₹999. So I have applied it after taking bath.  This is So I have applied it after taking bath.  This is So I have applied it after taking bath.  This is a a a very pure form of what we used to have as Fatkadi.  But this is an extra very pure form of what we used to have as Fatkadi.  But this is an extra very pure form of what we used to have as Fatkadi.  But this is an extra step after bathing.  It has step after bathing.  It has step after bathing.  It has no smell, no gas, nothing.  Meaning but let's see whether no smell, no gas, nothing.  Meaning but let's see whether no smell, no gas, nothing.  Meaning but let's see whether this product is useful or not. this product is useful or not. this product is useful or not. Get up brother, it seems I will have to wait a month.  Also don't forget to Get up brother, it seems I will have to wait a month.  Also don't forget to Get up brother, it seems I will have to wait a month.  Also don't forget to subscribe to.   Guys, subscribe to.   Guys, subscribe to.   Guys, I am not born with Fitku. I am not born with Fitku. I am not born with Fitku.