Early in the morning, the water will be put into the pond near Behasan. Early in the morning, the water will be put into the pond near Behasan. Early in the morning, the water will be put into the pond near Behasan. No, it is not that all the children will be found.   Hey, No, it is not that all the children will be found.   Hey, No, it is not that all the children will be found.   Hey, eat some paratha. eat some paratha. eat some paratha. Oh mother.  You eat the parantha now.  I will be Oh mother.  You eat the parantha now.  I will be Oh mother.  You eat the parantha now.  I will be late because of the paratha.  Hey, at least take your lunch with you. late because of the paratha.  Hey, at least take your lunch with you. late because of the paratha.  Hey, at least take your lunch with you. I am packing it right now.  I will take I am packing it right now.  I will take I am packing it right now.  I will take lunch today.  Samosa lunch today.  Samosa lunch today.  Samosa and laddu will be distributed in school today.  Laddu Samosa? and laddu will be distributed in school today.  Laddu Samosa? and laddu will be distributed in school today.  Laddu Samosa? Happy about what?  Stay here happily till 15th August.   Please bring some Happy about what?  Stay here happily till 15th August.   Please bring some for me too.  Yes, you for me too.  Yes, you for me too.  Yes, you make me a beggar of attachment. Nonu oh Nonu hey come quickly friend we're getting late.   It has come, it has come.   All three of you Nonu oh Nonu hey come quickly friend we're getting late.   It has come, it has come.   All three of you Nonu oh Nonu hey come quickly friend we're getting late.   It has come, it has come.   All three of you also took the dupattas from the gallery. also took the dupattas from the gallery. also took the dupattas from the gallery. Hey, which dupatta? Hey, which dupatta? Hey, which dupatta? Hey, those who want to fly in the air on the song Desh Rangeela. Hey, those who want to fly in the air on the song Desh Rangeela. Well friend, I have only one white one. Well friend, I have only one white one. Well friend, I have only one white one. But you will bring all three of them. But you will bring all three of them. But you will bring all three of them. Friend, I thought I will ask someone in the street for green and orange. Friend, I thought I will ask someone in the street for green and orange. Friend, I thought I will ask someone in the street for green and orange. But I never found it on anyone. But I never found it on anyone. Hey friend, where will I tell madam now?  And where will I say that I will say that I did Hey friend, where will I tell madam now?  And where will I say that I will say that I did Hey friend, where will I tell madam now?  And where will I say that I will say that I did not get it and said that I can do it not get it and said that I can do it not get it and said that I can do it now to the now to the now to the limit friend, you have limit friend, you have limit friend, you have no passion for competition, go run and get the bag, no passion for competition, go run and get the bag, no passion for competition, go run and get the bag, okay I am coming okay I am coming okay I am coming and brother take the dupatta also, hey and brother take the dupatta also, hey and brother take the dupatta also, hey friend what should I do now, I will ask for the green and orange friend what should I do now, I will ask for the green and orange friend what should I do now, I will ask for the green and orange dupatta dupatta dupatta from Premchand uncle's shop, I will from Premchand uncle's shop, I will from Premchand uncle's shop, I will return them later, hey come quickly, I have come return them later, hey come quickly, I have come return them later, hey come quickly, I have come quickly, I have quickly, I have quickly, I have kept it, yes that is kept it, yes that is kept it, yes that is right, right, right, I am saying that the orange and green dupatta, what to do I am saying that the orange and green dupatta, what to do I am saying that the orange and green dupatta, what to do now, now, now, what to do now, I will go and get what to do now, I will go and get what to do now, I will go and get both the dupattas from Premchand uncle's shop. both the dupattas from Premchand uncle's shop. both the dupattas from Premchand uncle's shop. I don't have a single rupee in the shop. I don't have a single rupee in the shop. I don't have a single rupee in the shop. Hey, who is asking for money?  I have my Hey, who is asking for money?  I have my Hey, who is asking for money?  I have my own solution for free. own solution for free. own solution for free. But where did your school tie go? But where did your school tie go? But where did your school tie go? Friend, today I got the school's one so I used the one from the previous Friend, today I got the school's one so I used the one from the previous Friend, today I got the school's one so I used the one from the previous school. school. school. Give me your mouth.   If Give me your mouth.   If Give me your mouth.   If I don't give it to you, I will I don't give it to you, I will I don't give it to you, I will kill you.  Give it to me.   I am kill you.  Give it to me.   I am kill you.  Give it to me.   I am giving it.   Don't giving it.   Don't giving it.   Don't show it.  [laughter] Oh man, we're late.   I am Oh man, we're late.   I am Oh man, we're late.   I am late because of you. late because of you. late because of you. Well, you got late because of me.  Firstly, I was Well, you got late because of me.  Firstly, I was Well, you got late because of me.  Firstly, I was saved from being humiliated in front of the entire class.   On saved from being humiliated in front of the entire class.   On saved from being humiliated in front of the entire class.   On top of that, attachment is making me feel bad.  You can just say thank you.   Okay, top of that, attachment is making me feel bad.  You can just say thank you.   Okay, fine.  Thank you.  Now at least take a fine.  Thank you.  Now at least take a fine.  Thank you.  Now at least take a look inside.  I wonder if the teacher is coming.  We have to go inside now. look inside.  I wonder if the teacher is coming.  We have to go inside now. No one is coming.  You follow me. No one is coming.  You follow me. No one is coming.  You follow me. I move forward.  Ok?  Easy. Turned back. Yes, then who will tell the children what tomorrow holds? Yes, then who will tell the children what tomorrow holds? Yes, then who will tell the children what tomorrow holds? Ma'am [music] Ma'am [music] Ma'am [music] Shivam, tell me what's tomorrow? Shivam, tell me what's tomorrow? Shivam, tell me what's tomorrow? Ma'am, tomorrow is Saturday. Ma'am, tomorrow is Saturday. Ma'am, tomorrow is Saturday. Hey mom it's Hey mom it's Hey mom it's Saturday.  It's Saturday.  It's Saturday. Saturday.  It's Saturday.  It's Saturday. Saturday.  It's Saturday.  It's Saturday. Tomorrow is Saturday.  Sit down.  It's Saturday [music]. Tomorrow is Saturday.  Sit down.  It's Saturday [music]. Tomorrow is Saturday.  Sit down.  It's Saturday [music]. Hey, Independence Day is tomorrow, 15th August.  So Hey, Independence Day is tomorrow, 15th August.  So Hey, Independence Day is tomorrow, 15th August.  So ma'am can I dance on Yashoda? No no, is No no, is No no, is this the time to come to school? this the time to come to school? this the time to come to school? Ma'am, you had said that we have to buy elections for 15th August, Ma'am, you had said that we have to buy elections for 15th August, Ma'am, you had said that we have to buy elections for 15th August, so I had gone to buy them. so I had gone to buy them. so I had gone to buy them. Okay, go and sit on your seat. Okay, go and sit on your seat. Okay, go and sit on your seat. Good morning madam ji. Good morning madam ji. Good morning madam ji. This is good morning.  It's about to be good afternoon. This is good morning.  It's about to be good afternoon. Hey madam, it's already 9:00. Hey madam, it's already 9:00. Hey madam, it's already 9:00. How late are you?  First period is about to end. How late are you?  First period is about to end. Hey, whatever has started now will end. Hey, whatever has started now will end. Hey, whatever has started now will end. What are you talking about?  There is something to be What are you talking about?  There is something to be What are you talking about?  There is something to be irritated about here too.  [laughter] irritated about here too.  [laughter] irritated about here too.  [laughter] Okay, so stand outside with your hands up until this period is over. Okay, so stand outside with your hands up until this period is over. Okay, so stand outside with your hands up until this period is over. How are they like that?  There How are they like that?  There How are they like that?  There you made me sit on the seat and I had to stand outside with my you made me sit on the seat and I had to stand outside with my you made me sit on the seat and I had to stand outside with my hands raised, both of them have come in the gallery only. hands raised, both of them have come in the gallery only. hands raised, both of them have come in the gallery only. He had gone to prepare for the 15th August dance, that's why he is He had gone to prepare for the 15th August dance, that's why he is He had gone to prepare for the 15th August dance, that's why he is late. late. late. Why are you late? Why are you late? Why are you late? Hey madam, I alone went to get the dupattas for the rest of the girls.   So Hey madam, I alone went to get the dupattas for the rest of the girls.   So how did he come first? how did he come first? how did he come first? Now he came running back and how did he come? Now he came running back and how did he come? Now he came running back and how did he come? I am coming slowly. I am coming slowly. I am coming slowly. Go and sit on your seat.  Naughty girl. Go and sit on your seat.  Naughty girl. Go and sit on your seat.  Naughty girl. All the children who are performing dance, All the children who are performing dance, All the children who are performing dance, come and meet me in the fifth class. First, move aside.  O liar, move aside.  O liar, move aside.  O liar, I came before you, move back. I came before you, move back. I came before you, move back. Hey, you should come first to school too. Hey, you should come first to school too. Hey, you should come first to school too. Tomorrow I will sweep and mop your face properly Tomorrow I will sweep and mop your face properly Tomorrow I will sweep and mop your face properly for now, if you go, I will mop your face. for now, if you go, I will mop your face. for now, if you go, I will mop your face. At least the barber will wash you. At least the barber will wash you. At least the barber will wash you. Hey, I will wash you. I am telling you, move back. Hey, I will wash you. I am telling you, move back. Hey, I will wash you. I am telling you, move back. O Soniye, Jatna, don't stay back. I will O Soniye, Jatna, don't stay back. I will O Soniye, Jatna, don't stay back. I will break your butt. Move away, who is making so much noise? It's who is making so much noise? It's who is making so much noise? It's madam ji, madam ji, madam ji, oh mother, oh mother, oh mother, what are you doing here, come to your class what are you doing here, come to your class what are you doing here, come to your class and you also go to your class. and you also go to your class. and you also go to your class. Madam, you yourself called the dance Madam, you yourself called the dance Madam, you yourself called the dance children to come to the fifth class. children to come to the fifth class. children to come to the fifth class. Okay, yes, come. Okay, yes, come. Okay, yes, come. Ma'am, you had invited me also to your dance, I am here. Ma'am, you had invited me also to your dance, I am here. Yes brother, you also come. Come on, tell me the song.  I love India.   Of Come on, tell me the song.  I love India.   Of Come on, tell me the song.  I love India.   Of both. both. both. Ma'am, I have been practicing dance for the last two weeks. Ma'am, I have been practicing dance for the last two weeks. Madam ji is lying.  I have been practicing my friend Madam ji is lying.  I have been practicing my friend Madam ji is lying.  I have been practicing my friend 's song for a month. 's song for a month. 's song for a month. We decided on the song.  Dance for a minute. We decided on the song.  Dance for a minute. Ma'am music?   You've been Ma'am music?   You've been Ma'am music?   You've been practicing for two weeks, practicing for two weeks, practicing for two weeks, you need music for this.  Do it like this. you need music for this.  Do it like this. you need music for this.  Do it like this. Do one thing Bijli, you sing and I will show you my dance. Do one thing Bijli, you sing and I will show you my dance. Yes, if you just kick me, I will become Tansen. Yes, if you just kick me, I will become Tansen. Yes, if you just kick me, I will become Tansen. Stand there and dance, Shanti.  [laughter] Stand there and dance, Shanti.  [laughter] Stand there and dance, Shanti.  [laughter] This world, This world, This world, this bride, this bride, this bride, this world, this bride, this bride.  I this world, this bride, this bride.  I this world, this bride, this bride.  I love my India.  I love my India. love my India.  I love my India. love my India.  I love my India. [laughter] You've just been [laughter] You've just been practicing for two weeks, is this some kind of practicing for two weeks, is this some kind of practicing for two weeks, is this some kind of dance?  Do one thing little one, go on the road. dance?  Do one thing little one, go on the road. Oye Maa Oye Maa Oye Maa Maam I will dance on Nanna Munna Rahi. Maam I will dance on Nanna Munna Rahi. Maam I will dance on Nanna Munna Rahi. Make him dance on Nanna Munna Rahi.   I will slap you and turn you Make him dance on Nanna Munna Rahi.   I will slap you and turn you Make him dance on Nanna Munna Rahi.   I will slap you and turn you around, why would I do this around, why would I do this around, why would I do this ? ? ? Go to your class. Yes son.  Tell me your name. Yes son.  Tell me your name. Yes son.  Tell me your name. Bijli and Nonu. Bijli and Nonu. Bijli and Nonu. Bijli and Nonu.  You have one more dance, Bijli and Nonu.  You have one more dance, Bijli and Nonu.  You have one more dance, right?  Did you get the dupatta? right?  Did you get the dupatta? right?  Did you get the dupatta? Yes madam, I have taken the dupatta.  Took all three.   That's Yes madam, I have taken the dupatta.  Took all three.   That's Yes madam, I have taken the dupatta.  Took all three.   That's ok.  Take it to your class. ok.  Take it to your class. ok.  Take it to your class. Ok. Ma'am, Principal Sir has sent a notice that the Ma'am, Principal Sir has sent a notice that the Ma'am, Principal Sir has sent a notice that the Independence Day function which is to be held tomorrow has been cancelled. Independence Day function which is to be held tomorrow has been cancelled. Ok.   It's great.  Tomorrow I will sleep comfortably at home with the sheets spread out.   I am great.  Tomorrow I will sleep comfortably at home with the sheets spread out.   I am great.  Tomorrow I will sleep comfortably at home with the sheets spread out.   I am Nanna Munna Rai.  I am a soldier of the country.   I am Nanna Munna Rai.  I am a soldier of the country.   I am Nanna Munna Rai.  I am a soldier of the country.   I am Nanna Munna Rai.  I am a soldier of the country. Nanna Munna Rai.  I am a soldier of the country. Nanna Munna Rai.  I am a soldier of the country. You also speak with me.  Jai Hind. These these these boys, boys will dance, boys These these these boys, boys will dance, boys These these these boys, boys will dance, boys will dance, boys are will dance, boys are will dance, boys are dancing, what does it mean, is there any dancing, what does it mean, is there any dancing, what does it mean, is there any problem, problem, problem, boys are dancing, it means boys are dancing, tell me boys are dancing, it means boys are dancing, tell me boys are dancing, it means boys are dancing, tell me in Hindi, I am not able to understand, should I in Hindi, I am not able to understand, should I in Hindi, I am not able to understand, should I say it in English, I say it in English, I say it in English, I understand Hindi also and your intentions understand Hindi also and your intentions understand Hindi also and your intentions too, do too, do too, do n't talk about intentions, which of your rotten n't talk about intentions, which of your rotten n't talk about intentions, which of your rotten steps have I come to steal, which steps have I come to steal, which steps have I come to steal, which dance step, you have stolen the entire song, friend, hey, dance step, you have stolen the entire song, friend, hey, which song did you steal, are you crazy, don't which song did you steal, are you crazy, don't which song did you steal, are you crazy, don't show us, show us, show us, we were practicing dance for two weeks.  I was we were practicing dance for two weeks.  I was we were practicing dance for two weeks.  I was late just in getting my name registered. late just in getting my name registered. late just in getting my name registered. So who is at fault here?  It's yours.  I should have got my So who is at fault here?  It's yours.  I should have got my So who is at fault here?  It's yours.  I should have got my name registered earlier.  Wow, he is doing just one step on such a good song. name registered earlier.  Wow, he is doing just one step on such a good song. name registered earlier.  Wow, he is doing just one step on such a good song. I love my I love my I love my India. India. India. Hey, what new thing did you guys do? Hey, what new thing did you guys do? Hey, what new thing did you guys do? You people are also going on beating me up. You people are also going on beating me up. You people are also going on beating me up. Oh ho, now this old uncle will tell you Oh ho, now this old uncle will tell you Oh ho, now this old uncle will tell you where we have surrounded the new place. where we have surrounded the new place. where we have surrounded the new place. Old Uncle, have you seen yourself in the mirror?   She Old Uncle, have you seen yourself in the mirror?   She Old Uncle, have you seen yourself in the mirror?   She looks old. looks old. looks old. My glasses are looking good and my face looks blind. My glasses are looking good and my face looks blind. My glasses are looking good and my face looks blind. You must have been seen.  Are?  Old man, do You must have been seen.  Are?  Old man, do You must have been seen.  Are?  Old man, do I look cute? Look carefully, I will I look cute? Look carefully, I will I look cute? Look carefully, I will mute it in one rapid. mute it in one rapid. mute it in one rapid. Okay, hey, hey, leave it, what is happening, leave it, what is happening, leave it, what is happening, Madam ji has Madam ji has Madam ji has stolen all this, song, song, stolen all this, song, song, stolen all this, song, song, song. Hey, tomorrow's function has been cancelled song. Hey, tomorrow's function has been cancelled song. Hey, tomorrow's function has been cancelled and it is still half day. Everyone go home. and it is still half day. Everyone go home. and it is still half day. Everyone go home. Madam ji, you will get laddus and samosas, right? Madam ji, you will get laddus and samosas, right? Madam ji, you will get laddus and samosas, right? Yes, you must be meeting them at the gate, go and get them. Where are they like this?   Yes. Where are they like this?   Yes. Where are they like this?   Yes. Hey, we want samosas.  Give me samosas. Hey, we want samosas.  Give me samosas. Hey, we want samosas.  Give me samosas. Samosas are only for teachers.  It is not for you people. Samosas are only for teachers.  It is not for you people. What are these things?  We are paying the fees. What are these things?  We are paying the fees. What are these things?  We are paying the fees. Samosas are being fed to the teachers.   Yes. Samosas are being fed to the teachers.   Yes. Samosas are being fed to the teachers.   Yes. Sir's order.  Samosas are only Sir's order.  Samosas are only Sir's order.  Samosas are only for teachers. for teachers. for teachers. Hey, there has been a robbery.  I got looted in the crowded market Hey, there has been a robbery.  I got looted in the crowded market Hey, there has been a robbery.  I got looted in the crowded market [music] I got looted [music] I got looted [music] I got looted in the crowded market oh I got in the crowded market oh I got in the crowded market oh I got looted in the looted in the looted in the shop walk for me, shop walk for me, shop walk for me, I just keep saying this, oh he won't bite me, he won't I just keep saying this, oh he won't bite me, he won't bite me, come on bite me, come on bite me, come on oh mother sorry bhaiya don't be afraid, don't be oh mother sorry bhaiya don't be afraid, don't be oh mother sorry bhaiya don't be afraid, don't be afraid, put the roti up, he will eat it, afraid, put the roti up, he will eat it, afraid, put the roti up, he will eat it, prop is over [laughs] keep the dupatta, write write write write write write, I have written it, yes yes I have kept it, this is prop is over [laughs] keep the dupatta, write write write write write write, I have written it, yes yes I have kept it, this is good, I will get the next dialogue from the neighbour. good, I will get the next dialogue from the neighbour. good, I will get the next dialogue from the neighbour. Speak quickly.  Otherwise we will go out there. Speak quickly.  Otherwise we will go out there. What a dirty acting you have done brother.  But Sir, I What a dirty acting you have done brother.  But Sir, I What a dirty acting you have done brother.  But Sir, I slipped your buffalo's eye.  The corpse hurried quickly quickly quickly. slipped your buffalo's eye.  The corpse hurried quickly quickly quickly. This was another dialogue. This was another dialogue. This was another dialogue. Which scarf? Which scarf? Which scarf? Hey, which one? Hey, which one? Hey, which one? What was it? What was it? What was it? Yes.  I can't speak my dialogue, friend. Yes.  I can't speak my dialogue, friend. Yes.  I can't speak my dialogue, friend. This is a video from Delhi.  Idea.   Don't This is a video from Delhi.  Idea.   Don't This is a video from Delhi.  Idea.   Don't move or retreat.  Sony, I will move or retreat.  Sony, I will move or retreat.  Sony, I will break the leash.  Be behind.  You have break the leash.  Be behind.  You have break the leash.  Be behind.  You have completely pressed my hand, Bhas's eye, you know, completely pressed my hand, Bhas's eye, you know, completely pressed my hand, Bhas's eye, you know, dance, do it dance, do it dance, do it brother, what is he asking, do it, yes, okay, okay, no, no, brother, what is he asking, do it, yes, okay, okay, no, no, do it properly, it is fine, you have taken the do it properly, it is fine, you have taken the white scarf, but I am saying, white scarf, but I am saying, oh, now this old uncle will tell you where did we change it, oh, oh, now this old uncle will tell you where did we change it, oh, now this old uncle will tell you where did we change it, now this old uncle will tell you where did we change it, Raja, you are blind, you will be able to see, give Raja, you are blind, you will be able to see, give Raja, you are blind, you will be able to see, give me the stick. me the stick. me the stick. Two, Two, Two, you stay here for a while, won't you?  No, you are not following behind.   Am you stay here for a while, won't you?  No, you are not following behind.   Am you stay here for a while, won't you?  No, you are not following behind.   Am I here? I here? I here? Yes. Yes. Yes. So, are you looking here now? So, are you looking here now? So, are you looking here now? Yes.  So at least I will be able to see it like this. Yes.  So at least I will be able to see it like this. Yes.  So at least I will be able to see it like this. Get into the act. Oh, it took a long time.   My love, I met red people.  How all of them love, I met red people.  How all of them love, I met red people.  How all of them ?  I know you guys must be absolutely taut ?  I know you guys must be absolutely taut ?  I know you guys must be absolutely taut because you are taut and I am taut, yes because you are taut and I am taut, yes because you are taut and I am taut, yes brother, today is 15th August, okay, on 15th August brother, today is 15th August, okay, on 15th August brother, today is 15th August, okay, on 15th August our school will be cheated a lot by the our school will be cheated a lot by the our school will be cheated a lot by the principal and teachers, friend, principal and teachers, friend, principal and teachers, friend, we prepared our dance performance for the whole month and we prepared our dance performance for the whole month and we prepared our dance performance for the whole month and you came to the school and said that now there is a you came to the school and said that now there is a you came to the school and said that now there is a holiday for the next day, go and enjoy and then when it was time to holiday for the next day, go and enjoy and then when it was time to holiday for the next day, go and enjoy and then when it was time to distribute laddus and samosas, you gave distribute laddus and samosas, you gave distribute laddus and samosas, you gave us those boondis, you gave us boondis, is it us those boondis, you gave us boondis, is it us those boondis, you gave us boondis, is it any big deal, the fees are huge and we should get boondis any big deal, the fees are huge and we should get boondis any big deal, the fees are huge and we should get boondis and to those whom you are paying, and to those whom you are paying, and to those whom you are paying, giving money, you should give laddus and samosas to those teachers. giving money, you should give laddus and samosas to those teachers. giving money, you should give laddus and samosas to those teachers. Meaning, where are you making mistakes Meaning, where are you making mistakes Meaning, where are you making mistakes Anshu?  Yes, I have been cheated a lot.  This wo Anshu?  Yes, I have been cheated a lot.  This wo Anshu?  Yes, I have been cheated a lot.  This wo n't work.  Ok.  Otherwise, if this n't work.  Ok.  Otherwise, if this n't work.  Ok.  Otherwise, if this ever happens to your girlfriend, then like the video ever happens to your girlfriend, then like the video ever happens to your girlfriend, then like the video and tell her in the comments that yes, I am not and tell her in the comments that yes, I am not and tell her in the comments that yes, I am not alone.  Your girl, this happened. alone.  Your girl, this happened. alone.  Your girl, this happened. Your throat was also deceived.  Otherwise, go Your throat was also deceived.  Otherwise, go Your throat was also deceived.  Otherwise, go follow me on Instagram.  Share the video on follow me on Instagram.  Share the video on follow me on Instagram.  Share the video on everyone's phone and wait for the next video everyone's phone and wait for the next video everyone's phone and wait for the next video because the next video is about to come, it will be a very because the next video is about to come, it will be a very because the next video is about to come, it will be a very strong video, okay because I have a strong video, okay because I have a strong video, okay because I have a lot of time to make the next video, lot of time to make the next video, lot of time to make the next video, I just spent it pampering you and thought that I just spent it pampering you and thought that I just spent it pampering you and thought that yes, I will make the video quickly, yes, I will make the video quickly, yes, I will make the video quickly, our video will be a small one but the next our video will be a small one but the next our video will be a small one but the next video will be very strong, so till then, on video will be very strong, so till then, on video will be very strong, so till then, on my behalf, thank you all, Jai Hind, Jai Bharat and love you Mane [ my behalf, thank you all, Jai Hind, Jai Bharat and love you Mane [ my behalf, thank you all, Jai Hind, Jai Bharat and love you Mane [ Music] Re Mane Re Mane Re Mane Re Music] Re Mane Re Mane Re Mane Re Music] Re Mane Re Mane Re Mane Re No Nanhi Jaan Chhoda Seena