Could you go to sleep at 7:19 PM Could you go to sleep at 7:19 PM Could you go to sleep at 7:19 PM ? ? ? Nothing I'd like more. I'm Nothing I'd like more. I'm Nothing I'd like more. I'm extremely extremely extremely tired right now anyway, so let's go. tired right now anyway, so let's go. tired right now anyway, so let's go. I I I started my evening routine at 2:30 pm because I still had to do started my evening routine at 2:30 pm because I still had to do started my evening routine at 2:30 pm because I still had to do laundry, as I laundry, as I laundry, as I had overslept that morning.  I hate doing had overslept that morning.  I hate doing had overslept that morning.  I hate doing housework in the evenings. housework in the evenings. housework in the evenings. My evening routine is sacred to me. My evening routine is sacred to me. My evening routine is sacred to me. Holy.  I think this is the Holy.  I think this is the Holy.  I think this is the first vlog that has a bit of an autumnal feel first vlog that has a bit of an autumnal feel first vlog that has a bit of an autumnal feel .  It had been raining .  It had been raining .  It had been raining all day, it was all day, it was all day, it was chilly, so I went into the chilly, so I went into the chilly, so I went into the bathtub.  I'm so excited for bathtub.  I'm so excited for bathtub.  I'm so excited for autumn, aren't I?  You can't autumn, aren't I?  You can't autumn, aren't I?  You can't imagine it.  For me, autumn really starts imagine it.  For me, autumn really starts imagine it.  For me, autumn really starts in September, but in September, but in September, but somehow I'm already in the mood for it this year somehow I'm already in the mood for it this year somehow I'm already in the mood for it this year .  I can .  I can .  I can start decorating right now.  But I'm going start decorating right now.  But I'm going away for a few days this week, so I had to away for a few days this week, so I had to away for a few days this week, so I had to pack my suitcase. pack my suitcase. pack my suitcase. The last time sunshine before the cold The last time sunshine before the cold The last time sunshine before the cold season begins. season begins. season begins. But first I only packed all the But first I only packed all the But first I only packed all the toiletries I bought toiletries I bought toiletries I bought for the holiday, because I for the holiday, because I for the holiday, because I still had to wash the wet laundry before still had to wash the wet laundry before still had to wash the wet laundry before I could pack it. I could pack it. I could pack it. But that's taken care of now, But that's taken care of now, But that's taken care of now, and I'll just do the rest shortly and I'll just do the rest shortly and I'll just do the rest shortly before.  Because the weather before.  Because the weather before.  Because the weather was so autumnal today, I thought was so autumnal today, I thought was so autumnal today, I thought I'd make a really delicious I'd make a really delicious I'd make a really delicious potato soup. potato soup. potato soup. I usually look forward to my I usually look forward to my I usually look forward to my pumpkin soups, but yes, today we're making pumpkin soups, but yes, today we're making pumpkin soups, but yes, today we're making potato soup.  So, the potato soup.  So, the potato soup.  So, the ambiance with the candles and the soup. ambiance with the candles and the soup. ambiance with the candles and the soup. Oh, that gave me such a taste of autumn wheat, Oh, that gave me such a taste of autumn wheat, Oh, that gave me such a taste of autumn wheat, I'll just say it again.  And I was just happy to be going to I'll just say it again.  And I was just happy to be going to bed early today, right?  After we bed early today, right?  After we bed early today, right?  After we ate, and I really have to ate, and I really have to ate, and I really have to say, the soup was super delicious, say, the soup was super delicious, say, the soup was super delicious, I sat down on the couch with Buddy, who had also been out with I sat down on the couch with Buddy, who had also been out with I sat down on the couch with Buddy, who had also been out with my baby earlier, to watch TV my baby earlier, to watch TV my baby earlier, to watch TV series, and series, and series, and then it was time to brush my teeth and go to then it was time to brush my teeth and go to then it was time to brush my teeth and go to bed.  Yay.  Yes.