Hey listen, what did I tell you that you're going from house to Hey listen, what did I tell you that you're going from house to Hey listen, what did I tell you that you're going from house to house collecting tolls? What did I steal? What did I house collecting tolls? What did I steal? What did I house collecting tolls? What did I steal? What did I steal? It's as if you don't know anything. You're acting like steal? It's as if you don't know anything. You're acting like steal? It's as if you don't know anything. You're acting like Sati Savitri. You're like a Sati Savitri. You're like a Sati Savitri. You're like a sugar candy. You're our Mohammed. sugar candy. You're our Mohammed. sugar candy. You're our Mohammed. Otherwise, I'll take my monthly allowance and go inside. Go away. Otherwise, what are you doing? Otherwise, I'll take my monthly allowance and go inside. Go away. Otherwise, what are you doing? Otherwise, I'll take my monthly allowance and go inside. Go away. Otherwise, what are you doing? Mania, what are you doing? Mania, what are you doing? Mania, what are you doing? Eat meat. What's going on? Eat meat. What's going on? Eat meat. What's going on? Everyone, come inside and see. The woman has come to fight. Everyone, come inside and see. The woman has come to fight. Everyone, come inside and see. The woman has come to fight. Husband, eat meat. Come on, mother, come, if she bites you, you'll get Husband, eat meat. Come on, mother, come, if she bites you, you'll get Husband, eat meat. Come on, mother, come, if she bites you, you'll get cancer. Go away. Hey, cancer. Go away. Hey, cancer. Go away. Hey, Pragya, what's going on? Areniya is going from house to house collecting toll. Pragya, what's going on? Areniya is going from house to house collecting toll. Pragya, what's going on? Areniya is going from house to house collecting toll. Hey, brother, take care of her. Hey, Hey, brother, take care of her. Hey, Hey, brother, take care of her. Hey, brother, I'm taking care of her. You take her away. brother, I'm taking care of her. You take her away. brother, I'm taking care of her. You take her away. One day, she'll go straight to the community. Come, One day, she'll go straight to the community. Come, One day, she'll go straight to the community. Come, kill her. I'm waiting to get killed. Come, kill her. I'm waiting to get killed. Come, kill her. I'm waiting to get killed. Come, let me go. I'll tell her today. Come on, friend, I wo let me go. I'll tell her today. Come on, friend, I wo let me go. I'll tell her today. Come on, friend, I wo n't go inside. When she's n't go inside. When she's n't go inside. When she's not scared, why should I be scared? Go fight, [ __ ]. not scared, why should I be scared? Go fight, [ __ ]. Come on, brother, let's have a party. If she can have her way, Come on, brother, let's have a party. If she can have her way, Come on, brother, let's have a party. If she can have her way, we both can.  Childhood friendship will get you we both can.  Childhood friendship will get you we both can.  Childhood friendship will get you [music] Let the sister-in-law fight, when she cools down she will go away sister-in-law fight, when she cools down she will go away sister-in-law fight, when she cools down she will go away [music] The sister-in-law is dead, the force has been averted