Paula and Kajala back with another vlog. Wake up.  I haven't even slept.  Why have you been sleeping Wake up.  I haven't even slept.  Why have you been sleeping Wake up.  I haven't even slept.  Why have you been sleeping all this time?  Guys, can you believe all this time?  Guys, can you believe all this time?  Guys, can you believe I haven't slept since I woke up at I haven't slept since I woke up at I haven't slept since I woke up at one o'clock this morning until this minute. It's one o'clock this morning until this minute. It's one o'clock this morning until this minute. It's 12 o'clock now. 12 o'clock now. 12 o'clock now. I haven't slept. I want to drink tea then go to sleep. I haven't slept. I want to drink tea then go to sleep. I haven't slept. I want to drink tea then go to sleep. Why are you yawning?  Oh oh oh oh oh Why are you yawning?  Oh oh oh oh oh Why are you yawning?  Oh oh oh oh oh baby. baby. baby. Okay guys we were ready to go outside to we were ready to go outside to we were ready to go outside to leave but Amara's sister leave but Amara's sister leave but Amara's sister realized that the bag she took wasn't hers. The realized that the bag she took wasn't hers. The realized that the bag she took wasn't hers. The bags were similar. She took a bag I bags were similar. She took a bag I bags were similar. She took a bag I don't know, Neema's, don't know, Neema's, don't know, Neema's, so we have to wait again to find so we have to wait again to find so we have to wait again to find her bag inside. Then we leave. I'm her bag inside. Then we leave. I'm her bag inside. Then we leave. I'm sleepy and hungry. Amara, are you hungry? sleepy and hungry. Amara, are you hungry? sleepy and hungry. Amara, are you hungry? Yes.   He is Yes.   He is Yes.   He is calling this and that. calling this and that. calling this and that. So yeah, let's wait.  Hey So yeah, let's wait.  Hey So yeah, let's wait.  Hey guys, people are very spiritual. guys, people are very spiritual. guys, people are very spiritual. This guy even knows where his son is, so he runs This guy even knows where his son is, so he runs This guy even knows where his son is, so he runs after the meat.  This is broken there. after the meat.  This is broken there. after the meat.  This is broken there. I was seeing him I was seeing him I was seeing him standing there we put the cake, we put the cake, we put the cake, cut the cake, cut the cake, my son, cut the cake, cut the cake, my son, cut the cake, cut the cake, my son, cut the cake [laughter] cut the cake [laughter] cut the cake [laughter] cut the cake, turn it like this, turn the cut the cake, turn it like this, turn the cut the cake, turn it like this, turn the cake, cake, cake, I'm the one cutting on behalf of you, I'm the one cutting on behalf of you, Amara, Amara, Amara, what do you want, my lady, my lady, my lady, happy happy happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday birthday birthday to you [crying] birthday, this birthday boy is eating, he's this birthday boy is eating, he's this birthday boy is eating, he's writing writing writing there he's getting angry, give him a w there he's getting angry, give him a w there he's getting angry, give him a w w w w again, again, again, hehe [laughter] why is it a hehe [laughter] why is it a hehe [laughter] why is it a picture picture picture of my grandfather, a song of my grandfather and of my grandfather, a song of my grandfather and of my grandfather, a song of my grandfather and his secret, when will I see you? you? you? Ah [beating his fist] Ah [beating his fist] Ah [beating his fist] whose turn is it for that child again? whose turn is it for that child again? whose turn is it for that child again? Amar Amar Amar ya ya ya ya big girl ya big girl ya big girl sister eh brother eh brother eh brother al yes I give it brother al yes I give it brother al yes I give it brother ah why am I like a business yes I've been ah why am I like a business yes I've been ah why am I like a business yes I've been thinking about it thinking about it thinking about it [laughter] yes you have been yes [laughter] yes you have been yes [laughter] yes you have been yes birthday birthday birthday I am the birthday girl I explain to you I am the birthday girl I explain to you I am the birthday girl I explain to you with big with big with big big brother big brother big brother Eh Eh Eh ya mama mza chema [laughter] ya bibi ya bibi ya bibi wam [ wam [ wam [ laughter] ah I'm really tired it's not true [laughter] ah I'm really tired it's not true [laughter] bana al al al Good morning.  Let me give you updates.  Yesterday Good morning.  Let me give you updates.  Yesterday Good morning.  Let me give you updates.  Yesterday we arrived in Moshi.  When we arrived in Moshi, we arrived in Moshi.  When we arrived in Moshi, we arrived in Moshi.  When we arrived in Moshi, we went to my mother's house because the we went to my mother's house because the we went to my mother's house because the hotel check-in time was around hotel check-in time was around hotel check-in time was around 9am and we arrived at 6pm. So we 9am and we arrived at 6pm. So we 9am and we arrived at 6pm. So we came here and slept to get some sleep. came here and slept to get some sleep. came here and slept to get some sleep. It was already late.  We said that if we leave It was already late.  We said that if we leave It was already late.  We said that if we leave here for Arusha, we will arrive at night and here for Arusha, we will arrive at night and here for Arusha, we will arrive at night and enjoy ourselves at the hotel. enjoy ourselves at the hotel. enjoy ourselves at the hotel. So we slept here and ate meat So we slept here and ate meat So we slept here and ate meat because it was a child's birthday and we cut a because it was a child's birthday and we cut a because it was a child's birthday and we cut a cake.  We had so much fun and enjoyed it so much. cake.  We had so much fun and enjoyed it so much. cake.  We had so much fun and enjoyed it so much. So it's time to live right now.  Let's go to So it's time to live right now.  Let's go to So it's time to live right now.  Let's go to Arusha Grand Maria.  Guys, this is my Arusha Grand Maria.  Guys, this is my Arusha Grand Maria.  Guys, this is my little mother, I know many of you know her.  mh little mother, I know many of you know her.  mh little mother, I know many of you know her.  mh starts my mother follows she is starts my mother follows she is starts my mother follows she is very beautiful she has a mouth she has a farm but here she very beautiful she has a mouth she has a farm but here she very beautiful she has a mouth she has a farm but here she pretends she is ashamed pretends she is ashamed pretends she is ashamed m m m hi guys hi guys hi guys we enjoyed it so much yesterday mani thank you we enjoyed it so much yesterday mani thank you we enjoyed it so much yesterday mani thank you okay mi I am glad to see you soon again okay mi I am glad to see you soon again okay mi I am glad to see you soon again smoke i am so smoke i am so smoke i am so happy to see you guys come happy to see you guys come happy to see you guys come again and again I will not again and again I will not again and again I will not come come come your family is everything so your family is everything so your family is everything so yeah family comes first love Hi as Paulo said Hi as Paulo said Hi as Paulo said our Easter we had planned to our Easter we had planned to our Easter we had planned to come here but we came the second Easter come here but we came the second Easter come here but we came the second Easter to spend time with Dory so we enjoyed it to spend time with Dory so we enjoyed it to spend time with Dory so we enjoyed it now it has arrived our trip to now it has arrived our trip to now it has arrived our trip to Arusha Arusha Arusha to go to Ngorongoro and but to go to Ngorongoro and but to go to Ngorongoro and but we have enjoyed it so much here we have eaten animals we have enjoyed it so much here we have eaten animals we have enjoyed it so much here we have eaten animals so we had fun thank you Dolly so we had fun thank you Dolly so we had fun thank you Dolly is my sister-in-law my best wifi is my sister-in-law my best wifi is my sister-in-law my best wifi we call each other wifi we don't call each other sister-in-law we call each other wifi we don't call each other sister-in-law we call each other wifi we don't call each other sister-in-law has received us well everyone has been happy has received us well everyone has been happy has received us well everyone has been happy until i.e. all the people who came say i.e. until i.e. all the people who came say i.e. until i.e. all the people who came say i.e. here i.e. we have been very here i.e. we have been very here i.e. we have been very comfortable sister-in-law i.e. he is someone who comfortable sister-in-law i.e. he is someone who comfortable sister-in-law i.e. he is someone who cares he stays so we thank him cares he stays so we thank him cares he stays so we thank him very much may God bless him increase him when he reduced very much may God bless him increase him when he reduced very much may God bless him increase him when he reduced S we have arrived mani Grand Maria we have arrived mani Grand Maria we have arrived mani Grand Maria we are waiting to check in he is crying we are waiting to check in he is crying we are waiting to check in he is crying what is that mani hamara Come to mami. No, man, I came here to enjoy myself, I don't want any No, man, I came here to enjoy myself, I don't want any No, man, I came here to enjoy myself, I don't want any drama like this.  I don't want to at all. What did you do to Amara? What did you do to Amara? What did you do to Amara? Tell him I'm sorry my babyara so sorry my Tell him I'm sorry my babyara so sorry my Tell him I'm sorry my babyara so sorry my baby.   Do you know how it hurts when a child rejects you know how it hurts when a child rejects you know how it hurts when a child rejects you, mother, you, mother, you, mother, you just video call, you want to cry, not two, there are two invs in each room and not two, there are two invs in each room and not two, there are two invs in each room and its inv, its inv, its inv, you understand, give it all to me, give it all to me, give it all to me, so in dollars it becomes so in dollars it becomes so in dollars it becomes or I combined it into one, charges or I combined it into one, charges or I combined it into one, charges no, it's okay, okay, then I will ask for your details, email, then I will ask for your details, email, then I will ask for your details, email, phone number and below this signature and this here, this signature and this here, this signature and this here, various, various, various, why various, why various, why various, we can look at the ability, if we can look at the ability, if we can look at the ability, if we can, we can find the closest ones, we can, we can find the closest ones, we can, we can find the closest ones, we can put them in, but if it's not possible, that's all, we can put them in, but if it's not possible, that's all, we can put them in, but if it's not possible, that's all, but we will look at the vilability but we will look at the vilability but we will look at the vilability that we have, okay, yes, so, that we have, okay, yes, so, that we have, okay, yes, so, eh, 19, why do n't you want to know, 98, how much is that for? 98, how much is that for? 98, how much is that for? 98 is approaching 98 is approaching 98 is approaching [music] and nothing is happening [music] and nothing is happening [music] and nothing is happening . . . Oh, these are just a few of the things I Oh, these are just a few of the things I Oh, these are just a few of the things I want to take. want to take. want to take. So what should I take? So what should I take? So what should I take? Maybe an apple. [music] I don't even see what to take, man. Oh, I don't know.  Let me just eat this, man, it's two, so let him keep it, come and take his two ch, take his two ch, take his two ch, man [clearing throat] this is it, man [clearing throat] this is it, man [clearing throat] this is it, man, you have to be, in a man, you have to be, in a man, you have to be, in a civilized way, civilized way, civilized way, it comes from it comes from it comes from the cow.   You the cow.   You the cow.   You were not awake again, you heard them calling me boss lady [laughter] you heard them calling me boss lady [laughter] you heard them calling me boss lady [laughter] you are being clever and I am being you are being clever and I am being you are being clever and I am being sarcastic, so please sarcastic, so please sarcastic, so please buy me buy me buy me what price you are offering me what price you are offering me what price you are offering me 320, that 320, that 320, that is [laughter] that is, I have taken a lot and there is still some left that is, I have taken a lot and there is still some left that is, I have taken a lot and there is still some left R check R check R check kajara has the right to be two million, kajara has the right to be two million, kajara has the right to be two million, really, because I really, because I really, because I have actually ordered coffee, have actually ordered coffee, have actually ordered coffee, man, this is our room, mother, man, this is our room, mother, man, this is our room, mother, please don't disturb me, I haven't done a room tour, please don't disturb me, I haven't done a room tour, please don't disturb me, I haven't done a room tour, this is not your room, this is yours this is not your room, this is yours this is not your room, this is yours that's not what we said, let's take a walk again, that's not what we said, let's take a walk again, that's not what we said, let's take a walk again, I myself can't understand so that we can finish, so that we can finish, so that we can finish, man, as you see, a suit like a suit suit like a suit suit like a suit or let's take a presidential one, or let's take a presidential one, or let's take a presidential one, I think, yeah, that's what has become much I think, yeah, that's what has become much I think, yeah, that's what has become much better, we better, we better, we won't be arguing about that, won't be arguing about that, won't be arguing about that, the camera, sugar, so here we have a kitchen, the camera, sugar, so here we have a kitchen, the camera, sugar, so here we have a kitchen, man, man, man, of course, to cook for him, of course, to cook for him, of course, to cook for him, yeah, for cooking for him, there is a yeah, for cooking for him, there is a yeah, for cooking for him, there is a fridge, as you can see, eh, man, a fridge, as you can see, eh, man, a fridge, as you can see, eh, man, a microwave. microwave. microwave. Yeah.  This is the kitchen.  Here is the Yeah.  This is the kitchen.  Here is the Yeah.  This is the kitchen.  Here is the dining room. dining room. dining room. This is dining, guys. This is dining, guys. This is dining, guys. Yeah.  As you can see Yeah.  As you can see Yeah.  As you can see here here here Amara is eating.  This is the sitting Amara is eating.  This is the sitting Amara is eating.  This is the sitting room balcony.  Amara doesn't want her sister, guys, room balcony.  Amara doesn't want her sister, guys, room balcony.  Amara doesn't want her sister, guys, what's wrong with her, this is a public toilet, I this is a public toilet, I this is a public toilet, I immediately cried, guys, I was happy, I didn't have any, I immediately cried, guys, I was happy, I didn't have any, I immediately cried, guys, I was happy, I didn't have any, I got it Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Wow. Wow. Wow. Hi, Hi, Hi, as we told you, we just got down to as we told you, we just got down to as we told you, we just got down to watch Amara, she was watch Amara, she was watch Amara, she was crying a lot about swimming, so I did crying a lot about swimming, so I did crying a lot about swimming, so I did n't carry the swimming cost, but I carried n't carry the swimming cost, but I carried n't carry the swimming cost, but I carried this, hi mommy, hi mommy, hi hi mommy, hi mommy, hi hi mommy, hi mommy, hi this, this, this, Hi mommy.  Hi mom. I told you the water was cold.  Amala is I told you the water was cold.  Amala is I told you the water was cold.  Amala is shivering and sees that her hands are shivering and sees that her hands are shivering and sees that her hands are cold.  That is, here because cold.  That is, here because cold.  That is, here because my body is hot, I give it to him like a heater.  I mean, I'm turning him on my body is hot, I give it to him like a heater.  I mean, I'm turning him on my body is hot, I give it to him like a heater.  I mean, I'm turning him on .  [laughter] .  [laughter] .  [laughter] Kiss the lady.  Kisses, grandma.  Rev.  You see even Kiss the lady.  Kisses, grandma.  Rev.  You see even Kiss the lady.  Kisses, grandma.  Rev.  You see even the guess fails, my grandson, do you want the guess fails, my grandson, do you want the guess fails, my grandson, do you want to kill him or someone you know has to kill him or someone you know has to kill him or someone you know has chest problems, he has a cold 247, what do you want to do to him, chest problems, he has a cold 247, what do you want to do to him, chest problems, he has a cold 247, what do you want to do to him, sorry, grandma, I'll hit him and kill him, he wants to go to the toilet, wants to go to the toilet, wants to go to the toilet, I see him, that is, as he heard the child, he I see him, that is, as he heard the child, he I see him, that is, as he heard the child, he hits the toilet, where he is, he is like, that is, hits the toilet, where he is, he is like, that is, hits the toilet, where he is, he is like, that is, he looks at his fingers, his shoes are not like they have been he looks at his fingers, his shoes are not like they have been he looks at his fingers, his shoes are not like they have been washed, washed, washed, who is this who is this who is this you have cut, Too much you have cut, Too much you have cut, Too much big big big yummy pizza, what is that margarita pizza? what is that margarita pizza? what is that margarita pizza? Oh, there's a chicken sandwich, there's a variety Oh, there's a chicken sandwich, there's a variety Oh, there's a chicken sandwich, there's a variety of macarons, cakes, and what's up? Ok. Imagine someone paying for a room almost Imagine someone paying for a room almost Imagine someone paying for a room almost 2 point something and then you come to the 2 point something and then you come to the 2 point something and then you come to the sauna and steam and they tell you you're not allowed to sauna and steam and they tell you you're not allowed to sauna and steam and they tell you you're not allowed to record eating this cake.  Oh, this cake is delicious.  There's only one of this eating this cake.  Oh, this cake is delicious.  There's only one of this eating this cake.  Oh, this cake is delicious.  There's only one of this cake left, brother.   There is only one of cake left, brother.   There is only one of cake left, brother.   There is only one of this cake left. this cake left. this cake left. Nothing else is good.   I'm going to the Nothing else is good.   I'm going to the Nothing else is good.   I'm going to the kitchen. kitchen. kitchen. So who are the people who enter this So who are the people who enter this So who are the people who enter this room?  That is, those room?  That is, those room?  That is, those who enter the room are guests with who enter the room are guests with who enter the room are guests with super hotel privileges.  Foristans super hotel privileges.  Foristans super hotel privileges.  Foristans are those big people like celebrities. are those big people like celebrities. are those big people like celebrities. uh government officials and even those who uh government officials and even those who uh government officials and even those who have paid the extra amount to get this kind have paid the extra amount to get this kind have paid the extra amount to get this kind of service. of service. of service. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yes. So if you do this, just serve as So if you do this, just serve as So if you do this, just serve as you wish. you wish. you wish. Yes. Yes. Yes. 24 hours, not 24 hours.  The timings 24 hours, not 24 hours.  The timings 24 hours, not 24 hours.  The timings change change change because in the morning I open at because in the morning I open at because in the morning I open at five:00 and at m:00. five:00 and at m:00. five:00 and at m:00. Oh okay Oh okay Oh okay we can take the drinks, there are no we can take the drinks, there are no we can take the drinks, there are no hard drinks, hard drinks, there are no hards, hard drinks, hard drinks, there are no hards, hard drinks, hard drinks, there are no hards, we had them for me. we had them for me. we had them for me. Okay, Okay, Okay, guys, I love those cakes. guys, I love those cakes. guys, I love those cakes. I asked them to give me all of them because since I asked them to give me all of them because since I asked them to give me all of them because since I arrived, I've already eaten six, I don't know.  I try try it I arrived, I've already eaten six, I don't know.  I try try it I arrived, I've already eaten six, I don't know.  I try try it 's very good, it's very good, but because you don't know why we but because you don't know why we but because you don't know why we spendi chop like vanilla, it's not very good, spendi chop like vanilla, it's not very good, tell me why, I mean, if I take a tell me why, I mean, if I take a tell me why, I mean, if I take a good picture of you, then you fail, I mean, to good picture of you, then you fail, I mean, to good picture of you, then you fail, I mean, to fulfill what my heart desires, I mean, I don't fulfill what my heart desires, I mean, I don't fulfill what my heart desires, I mean, I don't even know how to say it. I mean, guys, if you go look at go look at go look at Frida's Instagram, I'm the one who always takes good pictures of her Frida's Instagram, I'm the one who always takes good pictures of her Frida's Instagram, I'm the one who always takes good pictures of her .  That is, if you see a picture of him looking good, you should know that it's .  That is, if you see a picture of him looking good, you should know that it's .  That is, if you see a picture of him looking good, you should know that it's me, why he can't take a me, why he can't take a me, why he can't take a good picture of me, that is, why am I here good picture of me, that is, why am I here good picture of me, that is, why am I here now, what am I doing here, at this point, I don't even know how to say it. I'm sad.  I am very disappointed. Why do you want to cry?   Yes .  you want to kill me because of .  you want to kill me because of .  you want to kill me because of the pictures the pictures the pictures pictures we we we put on social media pictures we are for you you can we are for you you can we are for you you can put on snapchat insta pictures put on snapchat insta pictures put on snapchat insta pictures you crying because of pictures you crying because of pictures you crying because of pictures you were born and ask me you were born and ask me you were born and ask me it's not just pictures that is for me I'm the one who listens and it's not just pictures that is for me I'm the one who listens and it's not just pictures that is for me I'm the one who listens and tells you that is I'm tells you that is I'm tells you that is I'm surprised because of because until now I've surprised because of because until now I've surprised because of because until now I've called Hamisa I've called her I've told her I've told her please help me teach her to called Hamisa I've called her I've told her I've told her please help me teach her to take pictures.  He told me take pictures.  He told me take pictures.  He told me that taking pictures is a talent, that taking pictures is a talent, that taking pictures is a talent, yes I am Hamisa, we went like that until 45, yes I am Hamisa, we went like that until 45, yes I am Hamisa, we went like that until 45, he only took five pictures of me but imagine what he only took five pictures of me but imagine what he only took five pictures of me but imagine what I found out now you guys are taking I found out now you guys are taking I found out now you guys are taking 50 pictures of me and they are all [ __ ], that is why 50 pictures of me and they are all [ __ ], that is why 50 pictures of me and they are all [ __ ], that is why why are you doing this to me, don't take why are you doing this to me, don't take why are you doing this to me, don't take pictures, why do you have to take pictures, why do you have to take pictures, why do you have to take pictures, pictures, pictures, no, I have to shoot, why shouldn't I shoot, that is, no, I have to shoot, why shouldn't I shoot, that is, no, I have to shoot, why shouldn't I shoot, that is, pictures are my life, that is, pictures are pictures are my life, that is, pictures are pictures are my life, that is, pictures are everything to [laughter], that is, better everything to [laughter], that is, better everything to [laughter], that is, better not to eat but wealth so that I can get what not to eat but wealth so that I can get what not to eat but wealth so that I can get what I want, guys, that is, until I tremble, I want, guys, that is, until I tremble, I want, guys, that is, until I tremble, that is why I announced to them and told them that is why I announced to them and told them that is why I announced to them and told them I want a friend who knows how to take pictures, I want a friend who knows how to take pictures, I want a friend who knows how to take pictures, but until today I haven't found Omari, you have to but until today I haven't found Omari, you have to but until today I haven't found Omari, you have to find him, that is, find him, that is, find him, that is, Omari himself knows, that is, wood, Omari himself knows, that is, wood, Omari himself knows, that is, wood, eh, Omari has to, because of that job, if you travel eh, Omari has to, because of that job, if you travel eh, Omari has to, because of that job, if you travel somewhere, find a somewhere, find a somewhere, find a photographer for you when you are traveling, I am not a photographer for you when you are traveling, I am not a photographer for you when you are traveling, I am not a photographer, Kajala Masanja is not a photographer, photographer, Kajala Masanja is not a photographer, photographer, Kajala Masanja is not a photographer, so I believe it is not and shooting, so I believe it is not and shooting, so I believe it is not and shooting, man, for pictures, I don't believe it man, for pictures, I don't believe it man, for pictures, I don't believe it because it is not the eyes, the ears, it is because it is not the eyes, the ears, it is because it is not the eyes, the ears, it is every day, you want me to shoot them, I don't shoot them every day, you want me to shoot them, I don't shoot them [clearing my throat] I don't like these, these are pictures, you have been shot [laughter] these are pictures, you have been shot [laughter] these are pictures, you have been shot [laughter] until I laughed, mother  It's not good, that is, until I laughed, mother  It's not good, that is, until I laughed, mother  It's not good, that is, why are you guys doing why are you guys doing why are you guys doing this to me? It's not true, it's a picture you left. It's not you. Everything you tell me, I'm not not you. Everything you tell me, I'm not not you. Everything you tell me, I'm not doing it to you. It's doing it to you. It's doing it to you. It's you, mom. you, mom. you, mom. You're taking You're taking You're taking all the pictures of me. I'm taking good pictures. all the pictures of me. I'm taking good pictures. all the pictures of me. I'm taking good pictures. Why are you unable to take good pictures of me? Why are you unable to take good pictures of me? Why are you unable to take good pictures of me? Now you're making me unable to Now you're making me unable to Now you're making me unable to go to Mbugani tomorrow. [clearing throat] guys, I have mixed [clearing throat] guys, I have mixed [clearing throat] guys, I have mixed feelings. I'm crying while laughing. You're making me feelings. I'm crying while laughing. You're making me feelings. I'm crying while laughing. You're making me unable to go to Bugani. If you don't take pictures of me, that unable to go to Bugani. If you don't take pictures of me, that unable to go to Bugani. If you don't take pictures of me, that is, we've made a trip there, is, we've made a trip there, is, we've made a trip there, then I won't get what I want. then I won't get what I want. then I won't get what I want. Those people who are guides Those people who are guides Those people who are guides don't know anything. So we have to find him. We have to take pictures of the So we have to find him. We have to take pictures of the So we have to find him. We have to take pictures of the best there. Let's go and shoot him. Let's go to the airport. best there. Let's go and shoot him. Let's go to the airport. best there. Let's go and shoot him. Let's go to the airport. Who will we find at this hour? Let's go with him at dawn. Who will we find? You're really wronging me. I'm Who will we find at this hour? Let's go with him at dawn. Who will we find? You're really wronging me. I'm telling you the truth. Let me telling you the truth. Let me telling you the truth. Let me google the best. Let's take google the best. Let's take google the best. Let's take pictures of him. Let's go with him pictures of him. Let's go with him pictures of him. Let's go with him again. Especially you, my mom. again. Especially you, my mom. again. Especially you, my mom. Guys. But if there's anyone who Guys. But if there's anyone who Guys. But if there's anyone who knows how to take pictures the way knows how to take pictures the way knows how to take pictures the way I want, please I want, please I want, please come forward. But for now, I'm come forward. But for now, I'm come forward. But for now, I'm looking for a personal photographer who looking for a personal photographer who looking for a personal photographer who I can travel with every time I I can travel with every time I I can travel with every time I go. He should be there. He should go. He should be there. He should go. He should be there. He should know what I want.  What do I want, I don't understand, come on, take a shower since this afternoon, we've take a shower since this afternoon, we've take a shower since this afternoon, we've all taken a shower all taken a shower all taken a shower [laughter], you're going to tell me, don't laugh, I'm you're going to tell me, don't laugh, I'm you're going to tell me, don't laugh, I'm pregnant, we've taken a shower, we've given you pregnant, we've taken a shower, we've given you pregnant, we've taken a shower, we've given you pajamas, pajamas, pajamas, where did you take a shower, did you change your pajamas, where did you take a shower, did you change your pajamas, where did you take a shower, did you change your pajamas, why are you confused, you why are you confused, you why are you confused, you people haven't taken a shower, you're telling me I took a shower people haven't taken a shower, you're telling me I took a shower people haven't taken a shower, you're telling me I took a shower again, where are you, Paula, again, where are you, Paula, again, where are you, Paula, where are where are where are you, oh, yesterday, last night, you slept without taking a shower, it's cold, it's cold, what's wrong with you, man, there was a shower, but today I took a shower, we just came out of the pool, you know I really took a shower, you know, last night, why am I the only one who took a shower, everyone, Ti and her husband and her, took a shower, and you? Hi so we are on our way to Ngorongoro Hi so we are on our way to Ngorongoro Hi so we are on our way to Ngorongoro right now.  We woke up at 5 am.   It right now.  We woke up at 5 am.   It right now.  We woke up at 5 am.   It 's 1:00 am and we're still on the way. 's 1:00 am and we're still on the way. 's 1:00 am and we're still on the way. Driver, what time will we get there? Driver, what time will we get there? Driver, what time will we get there? 45. 45. 45. Ah so at t at t Okay guys what do you have to say even though it's not our first time even though it's not our first time even though it's not our first time going to going to going to Ngorongoro I've never gone to Ngorongoro I've never gone to Ngorongoro I've never gone to Tarang but we wanted to go to Tarang but we wanted to go to Tarang but we wanted to go to Serengeti but we missed the plane then we Serengeti but we missed the plane then we Serengeti but we missed the plane then we went by car this is six to went by car this is six to went by car this is six to seven hours we saw the weather we said we'll stay a lot seven hours we saw the weather we said we'll stay a lot seven hours we saw the weather we said we'll stay a lot and Amara will bother us so and Amara will bother us so and Amara will bother us so we thought it's better to go to Ngorongoro we thought it's better to go to Ngorongoro we thought it's better to go to Ngorongoro because it's close because it's close because it's close let's go let's go let's go I hope we can't wait to see the I hope we can't wait to see the I hope we can't wait to see the giraffe zebra I giraffe zebra I giraffe zebra I hope Amara will bother us and she will be hope Amara will bother us and she will be hope Amara will bother us and she will be excited so yeah catch you Content content Content content Content content no content to make someone's no content to make someone's no content to make someone's chest chest chest hurt how much my chest hurts I cover it like this hurt how much my chest hurts I cover it like this hurt how much my chest hurts I cover it like this no I no I no I would go down but I'm afraid those monkeys will rape me would go down but I'm afraid those monkeys will rape me would go down but I'm afraid those monkeys will rape me here they don't reach I feel here they don't reach I feel here they don't reach I feel their wounds don't heal this when their wounds don't heal this when their wounds don't heal this when they rape me their voice doesn't come out [laughter] this noted wild an feed check man we this noted wild an feed check man we this noted wild an feed check man we 've reached Ngorongoro this I don't know where it is 've reached Ngorongoro this I don't know where it is 've reached Ngorongoro this I don't know where it is here we've been stopped this let's take a video here we've been stopped this let's take a video here we've been stopped this let's take a video and pictures or let's go you know it's and pictures or let's go you know it's and pictures or let's go you know it's very cold it very cold it very cold it 's cold 's cold 's cold this this this cold cold cold The pictures are giving me a chance to shoot or take content, hold me if I do content, hold me if I do content, hold me if I do n't give it to you, n't give it to you, n't give it to you, Maraoni, Maraoni, Maraoni, your pictures, you, mom, come on, your pictures, you, mom, come on, your pictures, you, mom, come on, subscribe, subscribe, subscribe, soon, Ngorongoro, it's a video, it's a video, soon, Ngorongoro, it's a video, it's a video, soon, Ngorongoro, it's a video, it's a video, okay, Hi, we met your husband, we decided to okay, Hi, we met your husband, we decided to okay, Hi, we met your husband, we decided to take a video, please, you love us, take a video, please, you love us, take a video, please, you love us, love, you see Oh. How many million elephants? How many million elephants? How many million elephants? That is, if you hit an elephant for 40 million or if That is, if you hit an elephant for 40 million or if That is, if you hit an elephant for 40 million or if you hit him for you hit him for you hit him for 40 million, 40 million, 40 million, there is a sign that says there is a sign that says 55 million giraffes. If 55 million giraffes. If 55 million giraffes. If you marry him, he gives you a baby. Once you pay, you marry him, he gives you a baby. Once you pay, you marry him, he gives you a baby. Once you pay, you also leave them. you also leave them. you also leave them. Who is this? If you kill him, he is a chiwala. How Who is this? If you kill him, he is a chiwala. How Who is this? If you kill him, he is a chiwala. How small is this? small is this? What kind of meat do you see? What kind of meat do you see? What kind of meat do you see? I think it is something like 200. I think it is something like 200. I think it is something like 200. One hit, One hit, One hit, you pay you pay you pay someone who hits an antelope. If you hit him, someone who hits an antelope. If you hit him, someone who hits an antelope. If you hit him, it is a nyumba. it is a nyumba. it is a nyumba. Now, not if you hit him there Now, not if you hit him there Now, not if you hit him there or if we hit a or if we hit a or if we hit a Kamarau Kamarau Kamarau flamingo. If flamingo. If flamingo. If you drive past us, the flamingo will probably you drive past us, the flamingo will probably you drive past us, the flamingo will probably be 10. be 10. be 10. Who is this bird? Who is this bird? What is its name? A very beautiful bird. A What is its name? A very beautiful bird. A What is its name? A very beautiful bird. A bard is sucking on something. It eats bard is sucking on something. It eats bard is sucking on something. It eats carcasses. It carcasses. It carcasses. It eats only leaves and seeds. eats only leaves and seeds. eats only leaves and seeds. It looks like it is intoxicated. It lives It looks like it is intoxicated. It lives It looks like it is intoxicated. It lives alone. But alone. But alone. But this is a male. If you saw it for a while, I will tell you this is a male. If you saw it for a while, I will tell you where is its tail? Oh really, they're leaving Oh really, they're leaving Oh really, they're leaving their partner and they're leaving [laughter] they'd be their partner and they're leaving [laughter] they'd be their partner and they're leaving [laughter] they'd be looking at nanyas looking at nanyas looking at nanyas what what do you know about what what do you know about what what do you know about birds birds birds who birds kory bastard or sa unaj who birds kory bastard or sa unaj who birds kory bastard or sa unaj bustardi I'll be insulting someone cor bustardi I'll be insulting someone cor bustardi I'll be insulting someone cor bustard [laughter] bustard [laughter] bustard [laughter] or another time bastard bastard or if or another time bastard bastard or if or another time bastard bastard or if you go to the ward people have bad habits you've eaten you go to the ward people have bad habits you've eaten you go to the ward people have bad habits you've eaten kikupu it's delicious don't say ribas kikupu it's delicious don't say ribas kikupu it's delicious don't say ribas was sweet was sweet was sweet okay okay okay m m m say you know this mother sh we'll never say you know this mother sh we'll never say you know this mother sh we'll never feed him [laughter] feed him [laughter] feed him [laughter] stories of stupidity that's why this one said [laughter] that's why this one said [laughter] that's why this one said [laughter] things of nyema I remembered things of nyema I remembered things of nyema I remembered the teacher saying the teacher saying the teacher saying goodbye [laughter] goodbye [laughter] goodbye [laughter] what is what is what is there some kuli I hear there was a certain period in Mombo I hear there was a certain period in Mombo I hear there was a certain period in Mombo where where where people were afraid to eat chicken meat people were afraid to eat chicken meat people were afraid to eat chicken meat because they say there are certain birds like this they because they say there are certain birds like this they because they say there are certain birds like this they were catching yes were catching yes were catching yes kibaster kibaster kibaster not kiber there are certain other birds like this not kiber there are certain other birds like this not kiber there are certain other birds like this I think maybe it could be true sa I think maybe it could be true sa I think maybe it could be true sa kibas we ate at school kibas we ate at school kibas we ate at school this one has no problem [laughter] this one is this one has no problem [laughter] this one is this one has no problem [laughter] this one is like a chicken has no problem look at me I'm like a chicken has no problem look at me I'm like a chicken has no problem look at me I'm telling you mother shinyanga still telling you mother shinyanga still telling you mother shinyanga still sir what shinyanga did you study sir what shinyanga did you study sir what shinyanga did you study savanna savanna savanna there [laughter] kandanga dropped here there [laughter] kandanga dropped here there [laughter] kandanga dropped here man man man eh sh it's called savanna  and don't laugh, eh sh it's called savanna  and don't laugh, eh sh it's called savanna  and don't laugh, mom, you'll feel like you're lying and mom, you'll feel like you're lying and mom, you'll feel like you're lying and tell them that the school is called savanna tell them that the school is called savanna tell them that the school is called savanna [laughter] really the school is called window the [laughter] really the school is called window the [laughter] really the school is called window the school is called savannah really let me go to the school is called savannah really let me go to the school is called savannah really let me go to the school is called savannah but eat that school is called savannah but eat that school is called savannah but eat that [laughter] eat that bastard here see see the [laughter] eat that bastard here see see the [laughter] eat that bastard here see see the house they're fighting the house he's fighting the house he's fighting the house he's fighting house they're fighting the house he's fighting the house he's fighting the house he's fighting [music] [music] You know they're chasing these people the turkeys turkeys turkeys they're protecting they're protecting they're protecting some birds today they're not here up there he's crying if you're holding the meat you're frying there's some eat take medicine today take medicine today take medicine today one of them white people food you've lost your white people food you've lost your white people food you've lost your appetite [laughter] appetite [laughter] appetite [laughter] salt he's deprived me Pepper comation there's nothing lemon or Pepper comation there's nothing lemon or Pepper comation there's nothing lemon or lime it's really bad lime it's really bad lime it's really bad please send you a please send you a please send you a bottle of water I want to eat rice you've had enough of bottle of water I want to eat rice you've had enough of bottle of water I want to eat rice you've had enough of this one I haven't touched it at all m m m hivo are you smart that is hivo are you smart that is hivo are you smart that is since yesterday we've been scheduled since yesterday we've been scheduled since yesterday we've been scheduled that is we're eating [laughter] that is we're eating [laughter] that is we're eating [laughter] we're scheduled for food with sugar while you're chasing that one while you're not here we do we're scheduled for food with sugar while you're chasing that one while you're not here we do n't understand where he is Here there you take him n't understand where he is Here there you take him n't understand where he is Here there you take him down and he's down and he's down and he's talking talking talking I tell Idris here there  meat, I I tell Idris here there  meat, I I tell Idris here there  meat, I mean, I forgot, then he came down like this, mean, I forgot, then he came down like this, mean, I forgot, then he came down like this, and I washed it, it's not not not right I don't even know if it's good It's It's It's B [music] [music] [music] [ music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [ music] Hello [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music ] [music] [music] [music] [music] we're just sitting here, I'm surprised you're sitting here and they're closing the clock, we have to go, we need the one who stays and the deposit, I want him to stay here, he won't be able to code if he walks [music ] walk you you you go you I'm afraid first you don't hold it that is it's not slippery as you see it don't hold it that is it's not slippery as you see it don't hold it that is it's not slippery as you see it don't hold it there man it 's 's 's we arrived here day one we couldn't we arrived here day one we couldn't we arrived here day one we couldn't do the do the do the tour because we had arrived it was tour because we had arrived it was tour because we had arrived it was very late so we just went to the pool and very late so we just went to the pool and very late so we just went to the pool and yesterday we also came back from where ngorongoro yesterday we also came back from where ngorongoro yesterday we also came back from where ngorongoro we came back we were late it was 2:00 at we came back we were late it was 2:00 at we came back we were late it was 2:00 at night so we went to sleep we woke up at this time night so we went to sleep we woke up at this time night so we went to sleep we woke up at this time we had breakfast wait I'll just make it for you we had breakfast wait I'll just make it for you we had breakfast wait I'll just make it for you man our hotel buse we have to man our hotel buse we have to man our hotel buse we have to check out we have to go to another hotel check out we have to go to another hotel check out we have to go to another hotel so let's go hm hm hm man that time is big imagine man that time is big imagine man that time is big imagine there's a banana here there's a banana here there's a banana here thank you what's this here? thank you what's this here? thank you what's this here? This is rosemary. This is rosemary. This is rosemary. Oh rosemary. Oh rosemary. Oh rosemary. And that is lemon grass.  What is lemongrass And that is lemon grass.  What is lemongrass And that is lemon grass.  What is lemongrass ? ? ? Lemon grass man Lemon grass man Lemon grass man chai chai.  I don't give up on tea. This is tea. This is tea. This is tea. You are doing well with this chive.  What is chive You are doing well with this chive.  What is chive You are doing well with this chive.  What is chive ? ? ? What are chives? Ah, I know Ah, I know Ah, I know the spring onion. the spring onion. the spring onion. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, papaya, guys. papaya, guys. papaya, guys. Here Here Here are the coins I'm asking you to give me are the coins I'm asking you to give me are the coins I'm asking you to give me for decorating food. for decorating food. for decorating food. Oh, that's it.  Oh, these guys are so good.  So these guys are so good.  So these guys are so good.  So you see you see you see your two types, your two types, your two types, this one for decoration, this one this one for decoration, this one this one for decoration, this one is spinach, that one is cilantro, you know is spinach, that one is cilantro, you know is spinach, that one is cilantro, you know cilantro, cilantro, cilantro, I know I know I know that one and that one and that one and where is it, that one is here, that one is where is it, that one is here, that one is here, here, here, oh, you're oh, you're oh, you're under the yellow ones, what do you think, under the yellow ones, what do you think, under the yellow ones, what do you think, oregano, oregano, oregano, oregano, oregano, you know oregano, oregano, you know oregano, oregano, you know these are the ingredients, let me give you some, these are the ingredients, let me give you some, these are the ingredients, let me give you some, don't you know, let's get to don't you know, let's get to don't you know, let's get to these, these are the ingredients that are used these, these are the ingredients that are used these, these are the ingredients that are used for food, it's for food, it's for food, it's used a lot in the pan, used a lot in the pan, used a lot in the pan, everywhere, guys, everywhere, guys, everywhere, guys, this one is called this one, this one is this one is called this one, this one is this one is called this one, this one is called chayote, called chayote, called chayote, chaote, this one is used in salads, chaote, this one is used in salads, chaote, this one is used in salads, it gives fruit, where is it? it gives fruit, where is it? it gives fruit, where is it? See below.  M See below.  M See below.  M eh those gingers eh those gingers eh those gingers here these here these here these are gingers guys that are gingers guys that are gingers guys that 's ginger you see gingers 's ginger you see gingers 's ginger you see gingers too those are flowers for too those are flowers for too those are flowers for going to food or eggplants going to food or eggplants going to food or eggplants there is there is there is food too food too food too but these are killing people these but these are killing people these but these are killing people these no these are eaten there is no these are eaten there is no these are eaten there is one movie I already got married eat one movie I already got married eat one movie I already got married eat you want to eat you want to eat you want to eat eh eh eh let me check which one let me check which one let me check which one Tarang what is tarango? Tarang what is tarango? Tarang what is tarango? That tarragon is called tarragon. That tarragon is called tarragon. That tarragon is called tarragon. Oh, these are still very small, this Oh, these are still very small, this Oh, these are still very small, this is chicha. is chicha. is chicha. Yes, it is self-destructive. This is still a small choir. This is still a small choir. This is still a small choir. That's more flow.  God, flowers That's more flow.  God, flowers That's more flow.  God, flowers help prevent small ones help prevent small ones help prevent small ones ston ginger is not true maybe Fanta ston ginger is not true maybe Fanta ston ginger is not true maybe Fanta Fanta Guys, this hotel is big, big, Guys, this hotel is big, big, Guys, this hotel is big, big, we ourselves have other places we ourselves have other places we ourselves have other places we had never been to, we saw today we had never been to, we saw today we had never been to, we saw today if you saw it, I don't know, there is lemon grass and if you saw it, I don't know, there is lemon grass and if you saw it, I don't know, there is lemon grass and all the makorokoro, all the makorokoro, all the makorokoro, I don't want to leave but I don't want to leave but I don't want to leave but we will go bankrupt, let's go to another hotel, we will go bankrupt, let's go to another hotel, we will go bankrupt, let's go to another hotel, the bags are too many, if we had come to move for a if we had come to move for a if we had come to move for a whole month, what is that there? So guys, it's time to check out Grand So guys, it's time to check out Grand So guys, it's time to check out Grand Maria.  We enjoyed it very much.  Amara, did you enjoy it? Maria.  We enjoyed it very much.  Amara, did you enjoy it? Maria.  We enjoyed it very much.  Amara, did you enjoy it? Amara, look at what you enjoyed? Amara, look at what you enjoyed? Amara, look at what you enjoyed? Yeah.  He enjoyed it.  So guys, let's go Yeah.  He enjoyed it.  So guys, let's go Yeah.  He enjoyed it.  So guys, let's go [to music], guys, this guy has romantic stress. this guy has romantic stress. this guy has romantic stress. His baby is very jealous, meaning he doesn't answer the phone His baby is very jealous, meaning he doesn't answer the phone His baby is very jealous, meaning he doesn't answer the phone right away, he's a quarrelsome person, when he's right away, he's a quarrelsome person, when he's right away, he's a quarrelsome person, when he's stressed, stressed, stressed, say, "Your baby is jealous." He say, "Your baby is jealous." He say, "Your baby is jealous." He 'll come and kill me. He'll 'll come and kill me. He'll 'll come and kill me. He'll really kill you. Why are you here, Panda? really kill you. Why are you here, Panda? really kill you. Why are you here, Panda? Okay, Okay, Okay, sorry, sorry, sorry, how are you? He. When I'm here, you don't want a sister, When I'm here, you don't want a sister, When I'm here, you don't want a sister, but when I'm not here, she's gay. but when I'm not here, she's gay. but when I'm not here, she's gay. Go to go to how are you? how are you? how are you? Hi, Hi, Hi, how are you? how are you? how are you? Are you okay? okay? okay? Yeah. Oh my, Amara loves this part. Oh my, Amara loves this part. Oh my, Amara loves this part. He loves his He loves his He loves his brother, what did you give him, Mr. Wanguaji? brother, what did you give him, Mr. Wanguaji? brother, what did you give him, Mr. Wanguaji? He likes to draw or let's go He likes to draw or let's go He likes to draw or let's go let's go baby and shine yours.  Come on, let's let's go baby and shine yours.  Come on, let's let's go baby and shine yours.  Come on, let's go.  Come on, baby, go.  Come on, baby, go.  Come on, baby, come on.  We came to this picture first, you just come on.  We came to this picture first, you just come on.  We came to this picture first, you just finished it, you just finished it, you just finished it, you just started it, you just finished it. started it, you just finished it. started it, you just finished it. Oh, you're not done yet. Okay, let's go, I'll call you back later.   Let's go Okay, let's go, I'll call you back later.   Let's go Okay, let's go, I'll call you back later.   Let's go . . . Okay, let's go guys, it's time to check out.  We really enjoyed it, as he guys, it's time to check out.  We really enjoyed it, as he guys, it's time to check out.  We really enjoyed it, as he enjoyed it, meaning the hotel is the enjoyed it, meaning the hotel is the enjoyed it, meaning the hotel is the best.  So come along with us and see best.  So come along with us and see best.  So come along with us and see where we're going now and what where we're going now and what where we're going now and what other hotels we're going to visit.  Ciao baby a big fan of your body let me make baby a big fan of your body let me make baby a big fan of your body let me make sense of your body [music] over me. over me. over me. fam life life life [music] yananya [music] yananya [music] yananya life really wanders [music] life really wanders [music] life really wanders [music] life like a dream what's good what's good what's good Tanzania is ahead to see Tanzania is ahead to see Tanzania is ahead to see two but eh you want to download Yes. Oh I have to take it home to eat Oh I have to take it home to eat Oh I have to take it home to eat food food food like these two of you know the meat know the meat know the meat meat meat but let's find it and much meat meat but let's find it and much meat meat but let's find it and much m is m is m is there now amara we ask you and you amara we ask you and you amara we ask you and you why amara here is so gentle why amara here is so gentle why amara here is so gentle why is he gentle why is he gentle why is he gentle amara is gentle in the video anak ngulu amara is gentle in the video anak ngulu amara is gentle in the video anak ngulu okay pause okay pause okay pause pa mara pa mara pa mara why is he calm like that amara keep posing ready these alf we are coming ngom I ask for one picture I ask for one picture I ask for one picture I ask for one picture Regina I wanted I ask for one picture Regina I wanted I ask for one picture Regina I wanted one picture me and you I do one picture me and you I do one picture me and you I do n't know n't know n't know this is Paula's unasim this is Paula's unasim this is Paula's unasim I shoot with Paula I shoot with Paula I shoot with Paula very much very much very much she herself I love them that is I have to take she herself I love them that is I have to take she herself I love them that is I have to take home food home food home food things 26 things 26 things 26 like these two you know the meat meat meat meat but [music] what does he say what does he say what does he say Okay. Eh maamisha We've arrived here, I didn't know if We've arrived here, I didn't know if We've arrived here, I didn't know if we had to climb mountains to get we had to climb mountains to get we had to climb mountains to get to the waterfalls and our questions are to the waterfalls and our questions are to the waterfalls and our questions are very big. very big. very big. So we had to change the lady or she wore a So we had to change the lady or she wore a So we had to change the lady or she wore a veil.  I have to buy clothes.  These are the clothes themselves, veil.  I have to buy clothes.  These are the clothes themselves, veil.  I have to buy clothes.  These are the clothes themselves, man, you're trying to style yourself, you don't deserve it. you're trying to style yourself, you don't deserve it. you're trying to style yourself, you don't deserve it. That's Tanzania but fresh. That's Tanzania but fresh. That's Tanzania but fresh. Oh, I wanted it to be short. Oh, I wanted it to be short. Oh, I wanted it to be short. Shorter. Shorter. Shorter. Oh, I wanted it to be short, but Oh, I wanted it to be short, but Oh, I wanted it to be short, but now short isn't enough for me.  The buttocks have become now short isn't enough for me.  The buttocks have become now short isn't enough for me.  The buttocks have become very large. very large. very large. Very much, Very much, Very much, mashallah.  Mashallah. mashallah.  Mashallah. mashallah.  Mashallah. Mashallah, believe me, if you were to tie your shoes behind, I told you were to tie your shoes behind, I told you were to tie your shoes behind, I told you, call me in the middle of the road, we're going to go, please put those shoes you, call me in the middle of the road, we're going to go, please put those shoes you, call me in the middle of the road, we're going to go, please put those shoes behind. I told you, you're welcome, I want you to come back behind. I told you, you're welcome, I want you to come back behind. I told you, you're welcome, I want you to come back with them, and with them, and with them, and I've been told not to touch the edge of the grass, let's go, put I've been told not to touch the edge of the grass, let's go, put those shoes behind there, there's no those shoes behind there, there's no those shoes behind there, there's no welcome, I want you, welcome, I want you, welcome, I want you, you can fall, why? you can fall, why? you can fall, why? Hey I want you to stop touching me later, guys, you'll be fine, you caught me, guys, you caught me. Hey I want you to stop touching me later, guys, you'll be fine, you caught me, guys, you caught me. No, I'm not selling you music, Snapchat, that music selling you music, Snapchat, that music selling you music, Snapchat, that music here, here, here, that's why every filter has its own music, because I'm already tired, that's how I'm already tired, that's how I'm already tired, that's how we start. we start. we start. They said 30 minutes. They said 30 minutes. They said 30 minutes. 30 minutes. 30 minutes. 30 minutes. It's dangerous It's dangerous It's dangerous and and and there's no car that can follow us. The there's no car that can follow us. The there's no car that can follow us. The helicopter helicopter helicopter [laughter] maybe the helicopter [snorts] we're not supposed to run. You can see we're not supposed to run. You can see we're not supposed to run. You can see what what what this is for today. I don't know about hiking. [laughter] It's this is for today. I don't know about hiking. [laughter] It's this is for today. I don't know about hiking. [laughter] It's big. He's got to do some hiking big. He's got to do some hiking big. He's got to do some hiking stuff. stuff. stuff. Hei, because Rohi can't carry me. because Rohi can't carry me. because Rohi can't carry me. Hey, guys, that's just how it is. Hey, guys, that's just how it is. S failed to record S failed to record S failed to record when we were all failing to get down. I when we were all failing to get down. I when we were all failing to get down. I don't know without Sehon and Roi.  And there is the don't know without Sehon and Roi.  And there is the don't know without Sehon and Roi.  And there is the good Samaritan. good Samaritan. good Samaritan. Hey, look, Hey, look, Hey, look, why did we come here, people from vlogs? Until now, I don't advise you people from vlogs? Until now, I don't advise you people from vlogs? Until now, I don't advise you to come here. Maybe if I find waterfalls there, to come here. Maybe if I find waterfalls there, to come here. Maybe if I find waterfalls there, things won't be difficult. things won't be difficult. things won't be difficult. Let's go to the bag. Let's go to the bag. Let's go to the bag. Maybe when we get there, we'll know. Maybe when we get there, we'll know. Maybe when we get there, we'll know. But right now, the water freezes right there when But right now, the water freezes right there when But right now, the water freezes right there when you get there. It's hot.   He doesn't have this you get there. It's hot.   He doesn't have this you get there. It's hot.   He doesn't have this water, he will water, he will water, he will scream, he will love it.  Don't you know a child loves he will love it.  Don't you know a child loves he will love it.  Don't you know a child loves adventure, adventure, adventure, this child will love it, Hamara tells me, oh my, Hamara tells me, oh my, Hamara tells me, oh my, you see Hamara, he's not afraid of this you see Hamara, he's not afraid of this you see Hamara, he's not afraid of this water, the water water, the water water, the water is so cold, I've given you a taste, is so cold, I've given you a taste, is so cold, I've given you a taste, I've shown you kindness, I would have known, I would have known, these are the things, I'm these are the things, I'm these are the things, I'm telling you telling you telling you how I only how I only how I only knew about waterfalls, that is, I used to go hiking knew about waterfalls, that is, I used to go hiking knew about waterfalls, that is, I used to go hiking with my mother, it was with my mother, it was with my mother, it was Christmas, I Christmas, I Christmas, I don't know, there are places I don't remember don't know, there are places I don't remember don't know, there are places I don't remember well, they take us to the waterfall, it's like well, they take us to the waterfall, it's like well, they take us to the waterfall, it's like this, I remember we went hiking 20 20 this, I remember we went hiking 20 20 this, I remember we went hiking 20 20 something there, something there, something there, eh, my second time but I had eh, my second time but I had eh, my second time but I had forgotten because it was a long time ago, Mom, you're really starting [beating], what's one of them going with all of them? follow me no things are bad while no things are bad while no things are bad while good good good while we don't come again while we don't come again while we don't come again why why why oh enjoy you've arrived I oh enjoy you've arrived I oh enjoy you've arrived I didn't expect I didn't expect didn't expect I didn't expect didn't expect I didn't expect something good you have to pay for it something good you have to pay for it something good you have to pay for it eh eh eh eh eh eh this is it ma Eh hastarijoy Eh you're ahead okay alf eh this is it they can't put it there in they can't put it there in they can't put it there in front like this front like this front like this you feel we would know I would tell you you feel we would know I would tell you you feel we would know I would tell you not to come here far you would have his nose not to come here far you would have his nose not to come here far you would have his nose talking Dar es Salaam talking Dar es Salaam talking Dar es Salaam eh sniff I would have his nose eh sniff I would have his nose eh sniff I would have his nose then and those there also reception yes there that is the then and those there also reception yes there that is the then and those there also reception yes there that is the stupid part that is eh stupid part that is eh stupid part that is eh not stupid there not stupid there not stupid there this is true this is true this is true it's not so bad these even in it's not so bad these even in it's not so bad these even in life life life eh yes that's it how eh yes that's it how I tell you k I tell you k I tell you k those stones those stones those stones how I tell you when I see how I tell you when I see how I tell you when I see this beautiful place if I get good pictures when this beautiful place if I get good pictures when this beautiful place if I get good pictures when I don't get good videos or pictures I don't get good videos or pictures I don't get good videos or pictures my vlog people you see how my vlog people you see how my vlog people you see how I struggle for you just to I struggle for you just to I struggle for you just to get nice content for you please get nice content for you please get nice content for you please pray for me don't stop ah don't stop subscribing subscribe that is that mother that is that mother that is that mother is this eh eh eh and still but I pray eh I pray when I but I pray eh I pray when I but I pray eh I pray when I come back I come back safely guys come back I come back safely guys come back I come back safely guys if you have arrived safely you will come back safely if you have arrived safely you will come back safely if you have arrived safely you will come back safely because every time I get what then because every time I get what then because every time I get what then you think eh you think eh you think eh teacher Guys, we just came here for pictures. Guys, we just came here for pictures. Guys, we just came here for pictures. Go take pictures of them, mister, mister, Go take pictures of them, mister, mister, Go take pictures of them, mister, mister, what did we come to do? what did we come to do? what did we come to do? You wanted to come and You wanted to come and You wanted to come and take a video. Let's see. Let's go back see. Let's go back see. Let's go back there. Come back, there. Come back, there. Come back, mister. What time will you be dancing? Tiktok? Tiktok? mister. What time will you be dancing? Tiktok? Tiktok? What time will you be dancing? Let's go, hold on tight. You hold on tight. Let me hold on tight. Let me hold on tight. Let me take a video. Now let's go. take a video. Now let's go. take a video. Now let's go. One, two, three. That's right, there's no one. I don't know about this video. Ah, video. Come in. Come in. this video. Ah, video. Come in. Come in. this video. Ah, video. Come in. Come in. You're leaving. They're strong. That's strong. That's strong. That's strong. That's water. That's right, move there. Move. Ah, those long ones Ah, those long ones Ah, those long ones wouldn't fit in your legs. Oh, the wouldn't fit in your legs. Oh, the water wouldn't be cold. I'm looking for you. for you. for you. That's adventure. He tells me an example. He dried up. I told him. I He tells me an example. He dried up. I told him. I He tells me an example. He dried up. I told him. I fell. It seems like we've fallen twice. fell. It seems like we've fallen twice. fell. It seems like we've fallen twice. You failed to help someone. Oh, what's You failed to help someone. Oh, what's You failed to help someone. Oh, what's this? I don't know. This this? I don't know. This this? I don't know. This is a capsule. It would is a capsule. It would is a capsule. It would be really short. be really short. be really short. It would be hot now. Oh, It would be hot now. Oh, It would be hot now. Oh, if it comes. There are other people who said, " are other people who said, " are other people who said, " If it's easy, come on, If it's easy, come on, If it's easy, come on, my son, it's not cool." Uh Roamona Roamona Roamona I don't know what's up Jim's left here, I don't know what's up Jim's left here, I don't know what's up Jim's left here, man, man, man, your friend is breathing while climbing one your friend is breathing while climbing one your friend is breathing while climbing one here, I see I'll go ahead here, I see I'll go ahead here, I see I'll go ahead I'm not afraid or anything my friend, here I go, where do I go, it's right there,  You do my friend, here I go, where do I go, it's right there,  You do n't just see K all the time n't just see K all the time n't just see K all the time again, a cloth here, again, a cloth here, again, a cloth here, maybe we can find a maybe we can find a maybe we can find a soda bottle that's empty, it soda bottle that's empty, it soda bottle that's empty, it spins well, this is a game of truth or dare, we play here, this is a game of truth or dare, we play here, this is a game of truth or dare, we play here, we play here, it ends here, that is, when he we play here, it ends here, that is, when he we play here, it ends here, that is, when he leaves, it leaves, it leaves, it shouldn't continue shouldn't continue shouldn't continue [laughter], that is, [laughter], that is, [laughter], that is, maybe in the vlog we edited it, maybe in the vlog we edited it, maybe in the vlog we edited it, oh, that is, this is this, this is oh, that is, this is this, this is oh, that is, this is this, this is not supposed to go outside of here. not supposed to go outside of here. not supposed to go outside of here. Okay. Let's sit in a good position so that the bottle Let's sit in a good position so that the bottle Let's sit in a good position so that the bottle doesn't cause trouble in telling who it belongs to. doesn't cause trouble in telling who it belongs to. doesn't cause trouble in telling who it belongs to. You're not here now, if you're You're not here now, if you're You're not here now, if you're following the bottle like this, I get it, I get following the bottle like this, I get it, I get following the bottle like this, I get it, I get the bottle straight, let's stay in a position where the bottle straight, let's stay in a position where the bottle straight, let's stay in a position where chips chips chips [clears throat], that is, I'll ask you like [clears throat], that is, I'll ask you like [clears throat], that is, I'll ask you like truth, that is, you are being asked the truth or is it telling the truth, that is, you are being asked the truth or is it telling the truth, that is, you are being asked the truth or is it telling the truth or doing something that you will be told. truth or doing something that you will be told. truth or doing something that you will be told. So you will choose before you are asked a So you will choose before you are asked a So you will choose before you are asked a question, you will say right now I want to question, you will say right now I want to question, you will say right now I want to tell the truth, so you will ask a question tell the truth, so you will ask a question tell the truth, so you will ask a question that requires you to tell the truth. that requires you to tell the truth. that requires you to tell the truth. God's truth. God's truth. God's truth. So when you say truth, it means you are So when you say truth, it means you are So when you say truth, it means you are telling the real truth.  If I were to telling the real truth.  If I were to telling the real truth.  If I were to tell you, I would dare you to take a tell you, I would dare you to take a tell you, I would dare you to take a bottle of water and drink it without bottle of water and drink it without bottle of water and drink it without stopping and you have to do that.  Okay? stopping and you have to do that.  Okay? stopping and you have to do that.  Okay? Three two, one action. Idris Idris Idris Idris Idris this Idris Idris this Idris Idris this brother this is Idris brother this is Idris brother this is Idris is Idris [laughter] Idris Idris Idris truth or de truth or de truth or de truth truth truth truth truth truth what what what big big big and bad thing has and bad thing has and bad thing has happened to you since 2026 happened to you since 2026 happened to you since 2026 since 2026 starting that is since 2026 starting that is since 2026 starting that is eating away at your heart and you have never eating away at your heart and you have never eating away at your heart and you have never shared it with anyone.   There is a lot of shared it with anyone.   There is a lot of shared it with anyone.   There is a lot of smoke coming out of the Masai.  Ah raising a family raising a family raising a family you you you tell the tell the tell the truth I tell you the truth I am a truth I tell you the truth I am a truth I tell you the truth I am a large percentage of my family in large percentage of my family in large percentage of my family in life mother same and my mother's son life mother same and my mother's son life mother same and my mother's son my younger parent female male female male my younger parent female male female male m m m that is 70% I rely on it that is 70% I rely on it that is 70% I rely on it who does he depend on who does he depend on who does he depend on n Oh n Oh n Oh that's why I got sick he is afraid to that's why I got sick he is afraid to that's why I got sick he is afraid to start start start coming to you because I my old man I coming to you because I my old man I coming to you because I my old man I have been protecting the family so leave there is have been protecting the family so leave there is have been protecting the family so leave there is no one else I am the no one else I am the no one else I am the first bor family m and the younger ones are hesitant it's okay so your time okay so your time okay so your time eh what should eh what should eh what should I do m I don't understand I asked him a question like I do m I don't understand I asked him a question like I do m I don't understand I asked him a question like I asked you or you will ask a question I asked you or you will ask a question I asked you or you will ask a question I am going around no you are asking me I am I am going around no you are asking me I am I am going around no you are asking me I am asking you a question can someone asking you a question can someone asking you a question can someone tell you dea tell you dea tell you dea that is you ask him truth or dea he that is you ask him truth or dea he that is you ask him truth or dea he will tell you if it is truth de for me will tell you if it is truth de for me will tell you if it is truth de for me here I am looking for my place to stay do it by force do it by force do it by force where there is where there is where there is no no no [clearing throat] it's not mudi [clearing throat] it's not mudi [clearing throat] it's not mudi dewezi here there is no here there is no here there is no one to scare one to scare one to scare you anything you feel like calling him to do he should do if he doesn't do it he says he you anything you feel like calling him to do he should do if he doesn't do it he says he has dea de let dea is the one has dea de let dea is the one has dea de let dea is the one he gives  hela he gives  hela he gives  hela ahah ahah ahah that is if someone fails to do the dea they just have to that is if someone fails to do the dea they just have to that is if someone fails to do the dea they just have to eh then we all share later eh then we all share later eh then we all share later ask you what is ask you what is ask you what is dea dea is to dare that is to tell him to do dea dea is to dare that is to tell him to do dea dea is to dare that is to tell him to do something that you see something that you see something that you see can be a challenge for him or can be a challenge for him or can be a challenge for him or do it with a stick that is not something easy so that when he do it with a stick that is not something easy so that when he do it with a stick that is not something easy so that when he comes out 30 later we take it comes out 30 later we take it comes out 30 later we take it like we used here call me call me like we used here call me call me like we used here call me call me squat five do squat five do squat five do squat five squat five squat five no sano no sano no sano for paula [laughter] is this is this is this hands in front or here please let me show you please let me hands in front or here please let me show you please let me hands in front or here please let me show you please let me show you an example until show you an example until show you an example until you see this or do this you see this or do this you see this or do this eh down eh down eh down that is when you come back yes one please listen that is when you come back yes one please listen that is when you come back yes one please listen to me [laughter] I can't we pray we pray there we pray there thinking can't we pray we pray there we pray there thinking about the stairs there that is to say I about the stairs there that is to say I about the stairs there that is to say I can't tell you how I just woke up can't tell you how I just woke up can't tell you how I just woke up I would do we pray I would do we pray I would do we pray there we pray there we pray there we pray 30 there we pray there on the table we 30 there we pray there on the table we 30 there we pray there on the table we pray there it's pray there it's pray there it's not my problem but starting to hurt not my problem but starting to hurt not my problem but starting to hurt now this [laughter] now this [laughter] now this [laughter] put your 30 there on the table where is it put your 30 there on the table where is it put my colleague this there you have been on strike put my colleague this there you have been on strike put my colleague this there you have been on strike I will do I will do I will do you for those jobs  I'm not doing it mom you for those jobs  I'm not doing it mom you for those jobs  I'm not doing it mom [clearing throat] what's this [clearing throat] what's this [clearing throat] what's this come here this go that one now come here this go that one now come here this go that one now turn the chup mi I'm asking for yours [laughter] where do you like it you like it you like it 30 here give 30 here give 30 here give me some pepe me some pepe me some pepe you are being returned [laughter] something hello there are no chips how are something hello there are no chips how are something hello there are no chips how are you talking to who you are you talking to who you are you talking to who you are Eh Eh Eh if it hasn't gone here there is if it hasn't gone here there is if it hasn't gone here there is no one that is no one that is no one that is amara amara amara matha amara is not there is mat eh matha amara is not there is mat eh matha amara is not there is mat eh this mas truth or de this mas truth or de this mas truth or de dea dea dea eh eh eh why don't you call why don't you call why don't you call your child's father right now your child's father right now your child's father right now tell him I love you tell him I love you tell him I love you [laughter] call m I asked you masa do you understand [laughter] call your m I asked you masa do you understand [laughter] call your m I asked you masa do you understand [laughter] call your father your river tell him I love him Right now he hasn't told father your river tell him I love him Right now he hasn't told father your river tell him I love him Right now he hasn't told me to answer. me to answer. me to answer. Hey, let's Hey, let's Hey, let's say I love you.  I didn't pick up the phone [laughter] [ringing] you pick up the phone [ringing] you pick up the phone [ringing] you pick up the phone you have nothing.  Call the phone.  Where is your phone you have nothing.  Call the phone.  Where is your phone you have nothing.  Call the phone.  Where is your phone ? ? ? Pick up the phone. Pick up the phone. Pick up the phone. Mas has hidden the phone.   I mean, you see me Mas has hidden the phone.   I mean, you see me Mas has hidden the phone.   I mean, you see me standing like this, I was standing like this, I was standing like this, I was saying, "This is what I want from this person." saying, "This is what I want from this person." saying, "This is what I want from this person." I'm sure who he's calling?  Who is the father I'm sure who he's calling?  Who is the father I'm sure who he's calling?  Who is the father ?  Dad, I don't know who Dad is, I don't know what ?  Dad, I don't know who Dad is, I don't know what Dad is clever.  There is Father Juma, Father Shedi.   Do Dad is clever.  There is Father Juma, Father Shedi.   Do Dad is clever.  There is Father Juma, Father Shedi.   Do n't you see, mother, n't you see, mother, n't you see, mother, put on the speaker [laughter], sir. Oh. Hello Hello [clearing throat] Hello Hello just tell him I love you tell him I love you just tell him I love you tell him I love you just tell him I love you tell him I love you when when when I love him myself I would pay him a fine I would pay him a fine I would pay him a fine I mean I would pay him a fine because I mean I would pay him a fine because I mean I would pay him a fine because someone is not right I give him a fine they are someone is not right I give him a fine they are someone is not right I give him a fine they are not right what is he talking about I am not right what is he talking about I am not right what is he talking about I am going to tell him on the side Oya it's a game. going to tell him on the side Oya it's a game. going to tell him on the side Oya it's a game. Oh, it's a game. Oh, it's a game. Oh, it's a game. He's calling, he He's calling, he He's calling, he must be calling, we must hear him, we must hear him, we must hear him, we must hear him, we must tell must be calling, we must hear him, we must hear him, we must hear him, we must hear him, we must tell him, he is a liar.   Do him, he is a liar.   Do him, he is a liar.   Do n't tell him to listen to us.  Eh eh n't tell him to listen to us.  Eh eh n't tell him to listen to us.  Eh eh let's hear it let's hear it let's hear it hello it was a joke it was a joke it was a joke it was a joke joke joke can can can I hear you eh you say I hear you eh you say I hear you eh you say it was a joke it was a joke it was a joke what joke hasn't heard hasn't heard hasn't heard you've said it's over he'll see what joke hasn't heard hasn't heard hasn't heard you've said it's over he'll see on the vlog he's on the vlog he's on the vlog he's calling again mom he's heard no he's heard calling again mom he's heard no he's heard calling again mom he's heard no he's heard Paula again Paula again Paula again Paula [laughter] you haven't messed around bro I have Paula [laughter] you haven't messed around bro I have Paula [laughter] you haven't messed around bro I have n't seen the n't seen the n't seen the law there are law there are law there are no laws here tomorrow it won't come out mom [ no laws here tomorrow it won't come out mom [ no laws here tomorrow it won't come out mom [ laughter] this brother is not here this brother is not here laughter] this brother is not here this brother is not here laughter] this brother is not here this brother is not here [laughter] this is you let's get the money sister [laughter] this is you let's get the money sister [clearing throat] he's already been returned maybe Hey okay mom truth or matha but he might not have a question we true or expect unexpected truth or dea truth or dea mom dea why people are running away truth eh ehe [clearing throat] matha an matha an matha an talk to kimaka ako ako talk to kimaka ako ako talk to kimaka ako ako ah ah ah ah ah ah push up three push up three push up three push up three for k a normal thing push up three for k a normal thing push up three for k a normal thing he might know today what to he might know today what to he might know today what to do with a fist fist do with a fist fist do with a fist fist no like this the no like this the no like this the phone rang right there with a fist phone rang right there with a fist phone rang right there with a fist that is like this with a fist that is like this with a fist that is like this with a fist leave here we were dreaming of fire being eaten being eaten being eaten difficult things would you give him even money you difficult things would you give him even money you difficult things would you give him even money you that is you really get a chance do push up okay do push up do push up okay do push up do push up okay do push up while ba someone got confused kaskia this while ba someone got confused kaskia this while ba someone got confused kaskia this I love you I love you I love you like ah like b someone got angry like ah like b someone got angry like ah like b someone got angry mat now right now he is the one who sees things are back to normal I do mat now right now he is the one who sees things are back to normal I do mat now right now he is the one who sees things are back to normal I do n't know if you understand me n't know if you understand me n't know if you understand me now he broke up with who his now he broke up with who his now he broke up with who his father his children we told him call him tell him father his children we told him call him tell him father his children we told him call him tell him I love you [laughter] he tells him I love you [laughter] he tells him I love you [laughter] he tells him I love you while he is crying [laughter] the [laughter] the [laughter] the phone is crying [laughter] phone is crying [laughter] phone is crying [laughter] mom let's aaha turn around let's do mom let's aaha turn around let's do mom let's aaha turn around let's do your dea lord my god your dea lord my god your dea lord my god bye baby bye baby bye baby mom do deuki mom do deuki mom do deuki push 3000 push 3000 push 3000 push 3000 push 3000 push 3000 push push push because I know 3,000 there you don't have because I know 3,000 there you don't have because I know 3,000 there you don't have [laughter] it's gone it has [laughter] it's gone it has [laughter] it's gone it has n't come back n't come back n't come back that is two two two one more one more one more one more one more one more one one more one more one more one more one more one more one one more one more one more one more one more one more one more more more what was yours that was easy what was yours that was easy what was yours that was easy come here come here like pushing him you twisted him come here come here like pushing him you twisted him come here come here like pushing him you twisted him man I want to kill me man I want to kill me man I want to kill me eh eh eh what what what m I wish I went to le m I wish I went to le m I wish I went to le mom let's and he will get it let's give him a mom let's and he will get it let's give him a mom let's and he will get it let's give him a challenge over there I am the one challenge over there I am the one challenge over there I am the one asking questions I don't know at all you are dea you are asking questions I don't know at all you are dea you are asking questions I don't know at all you are dea you are coming to me coming to me coming to me paula paula paula ahah ahah ahah paula paula paula paula paula paula it's spinning again we're not what it's spinning again we're not what it's spinning again we're not what we're going to do I don't know what we're going to do I don't know what we're going to do I don't know what ahah there's ahah there's ahah there's no you it doesn't mean it does no you it doesn't mean it does no you it doesn't mean it does n't mean n't mean n't mean there are people until they finish doing it guys why does there are people until they finish doing it guys why does there are people until they finish doing it guys why does n't it want to that is n't it want to that is n't it want to that is here I'm communicating with here I'm communicating with here I'm communicating with my wife spiritually she wants me to go my wife spiritually she wants me to go my wife spiritually she wants me to go all all all you have to sell like this turn like this a thousand yes a thousand you have to sell like this turn like this a thousand yes a thousand you have to sell like this turn like this a thousand yes a thousand zung a zung a zung a thousand use force it spins a lot [laughter] I ask us to sit by giving each other space sit by giving each other space sit by giving each other space he says he says he says let's sit by giving each other space you're holding don't you're holding don't you're holding don't hold that down guys it's hold that down guys it's hold that down guys it's not me sir this this this good good good again like that Truth de Truth de Truth de tr why truth and that one I was dea you would dea ask questions ask questions ask questions ah yes I told you K I don't want him to get this ah yes I told you K I don't want him to get this ah yes I told you K I don't want him to get this of mine I shouldn't be asked and K ask this if you don't have any questions m I'm coming here nagig if you don't have any questions m I'm coming here nagig if you don't have any questions m I'm coming here nagig are you Straight are you Straight are you Straight straight straight straight guys.  Are you straight or not?  P guys.  Are you straight or not?  P guys.  Are you straight or not?  P sexual. sexual. sexual. What is that? What is that? What is that? Pan section. Pan section. Pan section. You know pansexual? You know pansexual? You know pansexual? What is a pan section? What is a pan section? What is a pan section? Google it.  Give us Google it.  Give us Google it.  Give us straight answers. No.  Actually I'm a supervisor. No.  Actually I'm a supervisor. No.  Actually I'm a supervisor. What is it? What is it? What is it? I'm killing a person who is I'm killing a person who is I'm killing a person who is only in their head. only in their head. only in their head. That identifies gender. That identifies gender. That identifies gender. It identifies. It identifies. It identifies. No.  it identifies No.  it identifies No.  it identifies now you can't tell him now you can't tell him now you can't tell him that's why I tell him look here is that's why I tell him look here is that's why I tell him look here is sexual sexual sexual what are you dating [laughter] what are you dating [laughter] what are you dating [laughter] sexual who are you sexual who are you sexual who are you let's look on your phone let's look on your phone let's look on your phone saposexual means he only dates saposexual means he only dates saposexual means he only dates intelligent people now that's gender no intelligent people now that's gender no intelligent people now that's gender no you're confused what's up you're confused what's up you're confused what's up no sir let's answer that is this are no sir let's answer that is this are no sir let's answer that is this are you straight or gay the you straight or gay the you straight or gay the answers are two answers are two answers are two I'm not gay straight I'm not gay straight I'm not gay straight okay the okay the okay the answer here is who is answer here is who is answer here is who is binary binary binary non binary [laughter] because his question non binary [laughter] because his question non binary [laughter] because his question I failed come here non binary I failed come here non binary I failed come here non binary eh let's finish it leave guys I'm coming in at night it's already come they eh let's finish it leave guys I'm coming in at night it's already come they said it's out that said it's out that said it's out that p what is it what is it Google on the way p what is it what is it Google on the way p what is it what is it Google on the way will explain to us in the car there's no no no and you're spinning it around it's spinning around and you're spinning it around it's spinning around and you're spinning it around it's spinning around hard Eh let's hard Eh let's hard Eh let's have a bottle it was have a bottle it was have a bottle it was wait this here this here this here not here with wait this here this here this here not here with wait this here this here this here not here with it [laughter] here sir here sir here sir go there it's you go there it's you look at me I'm coming look at who look at me I'm coming look at who look at me I'm coming look at who there you saw you agreed I didn't ask [ there you saw you agreed I didn't ask [ laughter] laughter] laughter] I mean there's someone I don't give dea someone I don't give dea someone I don't give dea bless you bless you bless you wait sister Kajala where are you going they start wait sister Kajala where are you going they start wait sister Kajala where are you going they start giving people answers giving people answers giving people answers they've already closed there let's do it  let's leave they're closed so it's they've already closed there let's do it  let's leave they're closed so it's they've already closed there let's do it  let's leave they're closed so it's impossible impossible impossible I'm forgiven I'm I'm forgiven I'm I'm forgiven I'm not impossible let's finish let's leave not impossible let's finish let's leave and we've done everything there when and we've done everything there when and we've done everything there when it ends it ends it ends still sh still sh still sh even this one and sh still even this one and sh still even this one and sh still this time this time this time already still sh only who we'll catch already still sh only who we'll catch already still sh only who we'll catch already has been asked already has been asked already has been asked what what what has been asked not asked yet you you you are very busy very busy very busy ask him then I'm not here you told him a thousand I tell you he ask him then I'm not here you told him a thousand I tell you he ask him then I'm not here you told him a thousand I tell you he didn't tell me I mean didn't tell me I mean didn't tell me I mean today he said here quickly today he said here quickly today he said here quickly I just know [laughter] it's not smart I just know [laughter] it's not smart I just know [laughter] it's not smart what do you regret about your current boyfriend what do you regret about your current boyfriend who I have right now who I have right now who I have right now m how m how m how many lovers does he have i.e. many lovers does he have i.e. many lovers does he have i.e. out of your lovers you've had the one you're with main what do you out of your lovers you've had the one you're with main what do you regret main character regret main character regret main character main character main character main character if you don't have if you don't have if you don't have anything like that if you don't have main it's also anything like that if you don't have main it's also anything like that if you don't have main it's also okay guys we said that he doesn't have okay guys we said that he doesn't have okay guys we said that he doesn't have many lovers many lovers many lovers no if he doesn't have anything he regrets yes ah there's nothing no if he doesn't have anything he regrets yes ah there's nothing no if he doesn't have anything he regrets yes ah there's nothing to tell me to tell me to tell me my current boyfriend my current boyfriend my current boyfriend eh that is what you're saying eh that is what you're saying eh that is what you're saying I just feel it's because he's known I just feel it's because he's known I just feel it's because he's known m m m yeah i don't like what he says here yeah i don't like what he says here yeah i don't like what he says here not what he says to his partner kajala can I not what he says to his partner kajala can I not what he says to his partner kajala can I tell you the truth i  I don't like that from the tell you the truth i  I don't like that from the tell you the truth i  I don't like that from the bottom of my heart, I just seduced her for bottom of my heart, I just seduced her for bottom of my heart, I just seduced her for seven years seven years seven years and she is a good person, and she is a good person, and she is a good person, so how long have you been in a relationship so how long have you been in a relationship so how long have you been in a relationship now? now? now? Five months, five if not six, Five months, five if not six, Five months, five if not six, out of seven years of seducing her. out of seven years of seducing her. out of seven years of seducing her. Why are you crying, Why are you crying, Why are you crying, Mhi Mhi Mhi Moshi? [laughter] Moshi? [laughter] Moshi? [laughter] You know she's crying for him, she's crying for you, You know she's crying for him, she's crying for you, You know she's crying for him, she's crying for you, man. [laughter] man. [laughter] man. [laughter] Go and surround her right here so she doesn't hear what I'm Go and surround her right here so she doesn't hear what I'm Go and surround her right here so she doesn't hear what I'm talking about. And until she surrounds talking about. And until she surrounds talking about. And until she surrounds you, make sure you, make sure you, make sure you've reached her. She's gone. Oh, how are you, babe? Oh, how are you, babe? Oh, how are you, babe? Or let him go around let him go around then ask a question Or let him go around let him go around then ask a question Or let him go around let him go around then ask a question ti ti ti shoni you were in your place shoni you were in your place shoni you were in your place shoni it's me here already shoni come on shoni it's me here already shoni come on shoni it's me here already shoni come on sir shoni there he was there he was there he was [laughter] trutike truth truth truth de de de speak strongly speak strongly speak strongly de de de tell Paulo I hate you I hate you [ tell Paulo I hate you I hate you [ tell Paulo I hate you I hate you [ laughter] laughter] laughter] I hate ahahwi kumkumb [laughter] ahahwi kumkumb [laughter] ahahwi kumkumb [laughter] I heard I heard I heard you know melia mwenzio [laughter] you know melia mwenzio [laughter] you know melia mwenzio [laughter] you paid gently let's go this let's go gently let's go this let's go gently let's go this let's go this sir no it's not a game this sir no it's not a game this sir no it's not a game [laughter] he's really crying sh your mwenzio how he says he sh your mwenzio how he says he sh your mwenzio how he says he loves you how could you say now loves you how could you say now loves you how could you say now just now just now just now I just gave him money I don't have money I just gave him money I don't have money I just gave him money I don't have money [laughter] there [laughter] there [laughter] there truth when he was going around When I couldn't around When I couldn't around When I couldn't tell him I would give him money I don't have tell him I would give him money I don't have tell him I would give him money I don't have money you would do money you would do money you would do anything you would take him off since anything you would take him off since anything you would take him off since [laughter] I'm hurt that is in my top four I took you out that is in my top four I took you out that is in my top four I took you out ah sh he didn't want to be among the people to ah sh he didn't want to be among the people to ah sh he didn't want to be among the people to be sacrificed [laughter] I really got you stuck with the people to be sacrificed Have really got you stuck with the people to be sacrificed Have really got you stuck with the people to be sacrificed Have you hurt your mwenzio?   I mean, you hurt your mwenzio?   I mean, you hurt your mwenzio?   I mean, if I were to say that myself, I would if I were to say that myself, I would if I were to say that myself, I would cry. So guys, I built you here when I was So guys, I built you here when I was So guys, I built you here when I was pregnant, we came with my mother but I pregnant, we came with my mother but I pregnant, we came with my mother but I couldn't take pictures, I couldn't couldn't take pictures, I couldn't couldn't take pictures, I couldn't enjoy it at first, I was very fast, so enjoy it at first, I was very fast, so enjoy it at first, I was very fast, so on the boat itself I put on clothes on the boat itself I put on clothes on the boat itself I put on clothes that weren't there, that weren't there, that weren't there, I told her, mom, we have to go back to this I told her, mom, we have to go back to this I told her, mom, we have to go back to this place, why did you say anything, am I place, why did you say anything, am I place, why did you say anything, am I lying or are you not lying, sir, you lying or are you not lying, sir, you lying or are you not lying, sir, you were pregnant, so I will show you there the were pregnant, so I will show you there the were pregnant, so I will show you there the pictures I took of you when pictures I took of you when pictures I took of you when I was pregnant. I was pregnant. I was pregnant. So today I went back to Imagine with my child. So today I went back to Imagine with my child. So today I went back to Imagine with my child. I can't wait for tomorrow when there will be boats and horses, we will I can't wait for tomorrow when there will be boats and horses, we will I can't wait for tomorrow when there will be boats and horses, we will sail on that side. Today sail on that side. Today sail on that side. Today he told us we are sleeping there, he told us we are sleeping there, he told us we are sleeping there, we are asking if we will eat. we are asking if we will eat. we are asking if we will eat. Let's go first and see Let's go first and see Let's go first and see what's up, Alfu. what's up, Alfu. what's up, Alfu. I want to see Rumkula Nyama but I want to see Rumkula Nyama but I want to see Rumkula Nyama but there's a food that's passing by, there's a food that's passing by, there's a food that's passing by, eh, eh, eh, radi meat. radi meat. radi meat. Okay, okay, we'll look at the top right away. Okay, okay, we'll look at the top right away. Okay, okay, we'll look at the top right away. Then we'll tell you Then we'll tell you Then we'll tell you okay. You'll also want to go and bring us up to the room and okay. You'll also want to go and bring us up to the room and okay. You'll also want to go and bring us up to the room and visit again. It'll be fine. Thank you. visit again. It'll be fine. Thank you. visit again. It'll be fine. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So I remember, guys, take the rooms on So I remember, guys, take the rooms on So I remember, guys, take the rooms on this side. I've never slept here before. this side. I've never slept here before. this side. I've never slept here before. Even I'm not used to it. Even I'm not used to it. This is my third time coming here. I'm coming here for the This is my third time coming here. I'm coming here for the This is my third time coming here. I'm coming here for the first time. first time. first time. I don't want I don't want I don't want this. Hit him and kill him. He's helped me Hit him and kill him. He's helped me Hit him and kill him. He's helped me a lot and I'm going on this trip. Don't turn off this. a lot and I'm going on this trip. Don't turn off this. a lot and I'm going on this trip. Don't turn off this. Keep being a rich Keep being a rich Keep being a rich aunt like that.  Okay aunt like that.  Okay aunt like that.  Okay for the deposit. for the deposit. for the deposit. Oh and also he bought her a gift of that kind of stuff Oh and also he bought her a gift of that kind of stuff we went down with because he dealt with Amara because he dealt with Amara because he dealt with Amara Shesh his sister himself works he sees it Shesh his sister himself works he sees it Shesh his sister himself works he sees it that is this my dress had a button that is this my dress had a button that is this my dress had a button I asked the spirit to sew the button for me he sewed it I I asked the spirit to sew the button for me he sewed it I I asked the spirit to sew the button for me he sewed it I left his needle in left his needle in left his needle in Paula's jacket Paula is wearing a jacket he found Paula's jacket Paula is wearing a jacket he found Paula's jacket Paula is wearing a jacket he found Sindan we want to prank Roy Sindan I stabbed Sindan we want to prank Roy Sindan I stabbed Sindan we want to prank Roy Sindan I stabbed Paula like there here I want me to go on a show want me to go on a show want me to go on a show here I want me to go on a show here I want me to go on a show here I want me to go on a show you are smart that is you are sitting there you are smart that is you are sitting there you are smart that is you are sitting there drinking alcohol that is you are smart you are drinking alcohol that is you are smart you are drinking alcohol that is you are smart you are not your word this here you have been brought in not your word this here you have been brought in not your word this here you have been brought in Paula's jacket it stabbed Paula as she cries No No No eh what are you knocking on? eh what are you knocking on? eh what are you knocking on? Ahah no, I mean I didn't do it on purpose, I Ahah no, I mean I didn't do it on purpose, I Ahah no, I mean I didn't do it on purpose, I didn't leave it there on purpose. didn't leave it there on purpose. didn't leave it there on purpose. Your Riano didn't have to take your gadget and Your Riano didn't have to take your gadget and Your Riano didn't have to take your gadget and put it away.  This has put the partner out of his put it away.  This has put the partner out of his put it away.  This has put the partner out of his misery.  Hey, I'm sorry.  online that is he doesn't know that is me I'm sorry.  online that is he doesn't know that is me I'm sorry.  online that is he doesn't know that is me ah ah ah now you bro really what did now you bro really what did now you bro really what did you leave there why did you say you made a statement why did you say you made a statement why did you say you made a statement ahah no that is I'm trying to record back ahah no that is I'm trying to record back ahah no that is I'm trying to record back that if I left you can't that if I left you can't that if I left you can't believe he believe he believe he asked for his coat right now he's wearing it that's why he's asked for his coat right now he's wearing it that's why he's asked for his coat right now he's wearing it that's why he's shocked that is he's sitting shocked that is he's sitting shocked that is he's sitting down there the needle im so your friend down there the needle im so your friend down there the needle im so your friend has a hole in your butt that is a person who is a prostitute in the coat that is a person who is a prostitute in the coat that is a person who is a prostitute in the coat where was the coat it was in the room where was the coat it was in the room I don't know how I caught it I don't prick my friend if I don't know how I caught it I don't prick my friend if I don't know how I caught it I don't prick my friend if you take him to the hospital how are you sitting I don't know how come come on come on come on you take him to the hospital how are you sitting I don't know how come come on come on come on where oh my god but I don't prick [crying] yes we oh my god but I don't prick [crying] yes we oh my god but I don't prick [crying] yes we saw it we said come on let's prank you [ saw it we said come on let's prank you [ saw it we said come on let's prank you [ laughter] laughter] laughter] alcohol has turned bad [music ] I told him that yesterday I didn't like I told him that yesterday I didn't like I told him that yesterday I didn't like what what what he told me he hates me I really felt bad you know that's really felt bad you know that's really felt bad you know that's why I woke up with it why I woke up with it why I woke up with it or let's give him cornflakes you want some cornflakes if he's going to drink it with him he won't act like that Hello my people. Our Arusha trip is still ongoing. Our Arusha trip is still ongoing. Our Arusha trip is still ongoing. We were at the Grand Melia, We were at the Grand Melia, We were at the Grand Melia, went to Ngorongoro, and then went to Ngorongoro, and then went to Ngorongoro, and then went to Maryem. went to Maryem. What have we come to now? What have we come to now? What have we come to now? The elephant.  The elephant. The elephant.  The elephant. The elephant.  The elephant. So we will be here in Ngariso.  There are a So we will be here in Ngariso.  There are a So we will be here in Ngariso.  There are a few activities we will do and few activities we will do and few activities we will do and then we will continue.  We'll go to Moshi in the city, then we will continue.  We'll go to Moshi in the city, then we will continue.  We'll go to Moshi in the city, do other things and all that. do other things and all that. do other things and all that. But today we are in Ngarisel and right now But today we are in Ngarisel and right now But today we are in Ngarisel and right now we are having a hearty breakfast.  Like we are having a hearty breakfast.  Like we are having a hearty breakfast.  Like you see in the old sun like this. you see in the old sun like this. you see in the old sun like this. Hmm.  What did God tell us Hmm.  What did God tell us Hmm.  What did God tell us or what do you think?  Don't you know? or what do you think?  Don't you know? or what do you think?  Don't you know? Oh Oh Oh no, no, no, no, why haven't they put pepper on them? They haven't put pepper on them. no, why haven't they put pepper on them? They haven't put pepper on them. no, why haven't they put pepper on them? They haven't put pepper on them. So when they call them, what do we want? They need to call what do we want? They need to call what do we want? They need to call 100 to ask about social media. 100 to ask about social media. 100 to ask about social media. What are they for? over there over there over there So guys, this is the boat that made us So guys, this is the boat that made us So guys, this is the boat that made us come back again, I'm come back again, I'm come back again, I'm scared scared scared but I just want to take cute pictures. but I just want to take cute pictures. but I just want to take cute pictures. Who is Amara's mother carrying? Who is Amara's mother carrying? Who is Amara's mother carrying? Wait, whatever, calm down, calm down, Wait, whatever, calm down, calm down, what about the lady, who do what about the lady, who do you really want someone with experience? you really want someone with experience? you really want someone with experience? He wants to sleep with you, you are He wants to sleep with you, you are He wants to sleep with you, you are standing, standing, standing, that's why it's a that's why it's a that's why it's a joke, joke, joke, oh my, oh my, oh my, his sister would ride his sister would ride his sister would ride this boat, I'll watch this boat, I'll watch this boat, I'll watch you, you're pregnant with the express, I'm pregnant, you, you're pregnant with the express, I'm pregnant, you, you're pregnant with the express, I'm pregnant, or do you think he started driving this boat or do you think he started driving this boat or do you think he started driving this boat yesterday, yesterday, yesterday, this one here is enjoying himself, this one here is enjoying himself, this one here is enjoying himself, these days you don't let him go, or what, why these days you don't let him go, or what, why brother, brother, brother, and why don't you let him go and why don't you let him go and why don't you let him go these days, you just gave me an these days, you just gave me an these days, you just gave me an order, I would go and leave everything at order, I would go and leave everything at order, I would go and leave everything at once, oh just a once, oh just a once, oh just a bug, you mention it, oh bug, you mention it, oh bug, you mention it, oh let's just go, peace, he'll watch, that is, while he's standing, peace, he'll watch, that is, while he's standing, peace, he'll watch, that is, while he's standing, mom, or let's pass his sister, let's go back, mom, or let's pass his sister, let's go back, mom, or let's pass his sister, let's go back, oh he oh he oh he wants to stand and drive this, I'll let him drive, wants to stand and drive this, I'll let him drive, wants to stand and drive this, I'll let him drive, drive, then drive, then drive, then why are you bothering your parents today, he's pushing it, he'll push it, he ca why are you bothering your parents today, he's pushing it, he'll push it, he ca why are you bothering your parents today, he's pushing it, he'll push it, he ca n't, man, man, man, now you've seen how you're being cut off, if it weren't for now you've seen how you're being cut off, if it weren't for now you've seen how you're being cut off, if it weren't for dad, I wouldn't have come with dad, I wouldn't have come with dad, I wouldn't have come with him because he says, since him because he says, since him because he says, since you're leaving him to himself, leave me, he'll bother me, you're leaving him to himself, leave me, he'll bother me, you're leaving him to himself, leave me, he'll bother me, go with him, I go with him, I go with him, I can't enjoy myation, guys, I'm not going with can't enjoy myation, guys, I'm not going with can't enjoy myation, guys, I'm not going with him, maybe it's just his birthday, I'll travel him, maybe it's just his birthday, I'll travel him, maybe it's just his birthday, I'll travel with him, but after that, mom, you'll clean up with him, but after that, mom, you'll clean up with him, but after that, mom, you'll clean up again, and the again, and the again, and the answer is, answer is, answer is, that's it, he's sitting quietly, yes. that's it, he's sitting quietly, yes. that's it, he's sitting quietly, yes. [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [music] [ music] [music] [music] yes master master master m m m this is the master this is the master this is the master okay okay okay master yes oil master yes oil master yes oil Okay. Okay. Okay. other [music] what do you say? do you say? do you say? I am sending it to Kajala Masanja.  Why are you all I am sending it to Kajala Masanja.  Why are you all I am sending it to Kajala Masanja.  Why are you all giving us these things?   I mean, I giving us these things?   I mean, I want you to give me want you to give me want you to give me this as evidence of divorce tomorrow, when you're arguing with me, so that you don't have time.   Let this as evidence of divorce tomorrow, when you're arguing with me, so that you don't have time.   Let this as evidence of divorce tomorrow, when you're arguing with me, so that you don't have time.   Let 's read the schedule. 's read the schedule. 's read the schedule. Our schedule at 3:00 is bush Our schedule at 3:00 is bush Our schedule at 3:00 is bush breakfast.  We will have breakfast with the breakfast.  We will have breakfast with the breakfast.  We will have breakfast with the animals. animals. animals. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Then at exactly 4:00 PM we will feed the animals on Then at exactly 4:00 PM we will feed the animals on Then at exactly 4:00 PM we will feed the animals on the balcony.  Feeding on the balcony. the balcony.  Feeding on the balcony. the balcony.  Feeding on the balcony. Then at 4:30 we have feeding at the bush. Then at 4:30 we have feeding at the bush. Then at 4:30 we have feeding at the bush. We are going to feed the animals in the bush.  Then at We are going to feed the animals in the bush.  Then at We are going to feed the animals in the bush.  Then at 4 o'clock, this time at 4:30 o'clock, there is 4 o'clock, this time at 4:30 o'clock, there is 4 o'clock, this time at 4:30 o'clock, there is Love with animals, Love with animals, Love with animals, we have to dress we have to dress we have to dress properly as if we were going to a properly as if we were going to a properly as if we were going to a sports meeting. Now I don't understand. Now I don't understand. Now I don't understand. There will be love, behind the love There will be love, behind the love There will be love, behind the love there will be animals playing.  So it's there will be animals playing.  So it's there will be animals playing.  So it's like lunch or dinner, whatever, like lunch or dinner, whatever, like lunch or dinner, whatever, but it will be like that.  And then at t:30 but it will be like that.  And then at t:30 but it will be like that.  And then at t:30 there will be a pool decoration with there will be a pool decoration with there will be a pool decoration with animals.  In other words, your pool will be animals.  In other words, your pool will be animals.  In other words, your pool will be decorated and decorated the way they decorated and decorated the way they decorated and decorated the way they want to decorate it, based on who want to decorate it, based on who want to decorate it, based on who you are.  And then there will be you are.  And then there will be you are.  And then there will be animals. animals. animals. Then there's host riding, we'll do it at Then there's host riding, we'll do it at Then there's host riding, we'll do it at six.  There is bicycle riding.  The horse is six.  There is bicycle riding.  The horse is six.  There is bicycle riding.  The horse is riding.  We will do this here anytime. riding.  We will do this here anytime. riding.  We will do this here anytime. Gym and sauna.  K must do it early Gym and sauna.  K must do it early Gym and sauna.  K must do it early before anything else.  Yes, I'm knocking on before anything else.  Yes, I'm knocking on before anything else.  Yes, I'm knocking on the door, mind you, he hears me, even though I'm so full, you so full, you so full, you know, I have a fever, I don't have clothes for all these things, know, I have a fever, I don't have clothes for all these things, know, I have a fever, I don't have clothes for all these things, I only have a horse's clothes, even the I only have a horse's clothes, even the I only have a horse's clothes, even the swimming pool itself, the horse you have, we have a love swimming pool itself, the horse you have, we have a love swimming pool itself, the horse you have, we have a love with animals. with animals. with animals. Which one? Which one? Which one? We said we had clothes worth I don't know We said we had clothes worth I don't know We said we had clothes worth I don't know what.  Yes, we wear it here.  You have a what.  Yes, we wear it here.  You have a what.  Yes, we wear it here.  You have a red dress you were carrying, I remember the document, red dress you were carrying, I remember the document, red dress you were carrying, I remember the document, let's take this dress, I do let's take this dress, I do let's take this dress, I do n't have shoes, n't have shoes, n't have shoes, we will look for it, it's not an issue and you are still there, we will look for it, it's not an issue and you are still there, we will look for it, it's not an issue and you are still there, it's a food allowance and what is this food allowance, you will be paid and I do it's a food allowance and what is this food allowance, you will be paid and I do n't want to go on, please give it to me, please give it to me, please give it to me, what is this, what is this, what is this, this is a paper this is a paper this is a paper with a schedule, everyone must have it, I'm giving it to you with a schedule, everyone must have it, I'm giving it to you with a schedule, everyone must have it, I'm giving it to you because I don't want you to lie to me tomorrow because I don't want you to lie to me tomorrow because I don't want you to lie to me tomorrow and you don't tell me I didn't tell you because and you don't tell me I didn't tell you because and you don't tell me I didn't tell you because on the phone you can say, look, this on the phone you can say, look, this on the phone you can say, look, this is our time table for tomorrow, should I is our time table for tomorrow, should I is our time table for tomorrow, should I read it for you or will you read it yourself read it for you or will you read it yourself read it for you or will you read it yourself because there is a schedule that you are also on because there is a schedule that you are also on because there is a schedule that you are also on your own.  [clearing throat] your own.  [clearing throat] your own.  [clearing throat] I'm alone. I'm alone. I'm alone. Who doesn't go to the gym here? Who doesn't go to the gym here? Who doesn't go to the gym here? Like here, I can't do the gym. Like here, I can't do the gym. Like here, I can't do the gym. You make me do the gym.  do you are a gym person You make me do the gym.  do you are a gym person you how you you how you you how you eh then gym I've been born who eh then gym I've been born who eh then gym I've been born who m m m known as a person of what known as a person of what known as a person of what eh jim j eh jim j eh jim j then then then my parents who just called me jim it's my parents who just called me jim it's my parents who just called me jim it's possible [music] [music] [music] [music] [music ] My name is life wake up it won't let go I've had a big drink life wake up it won't let go I've had a big drink life wake up it won't let go I've had a big drink do do do but it only hurts on this side but it only hurts on this side but it only hurts on this side okay okay okay even though I wear glasses I forgot my glasses even though I wear glasses I forgot my glasses even though I wear glasses I forgot my glasses the day I had them the day I had them the day I had them but I don't think it's for glasses but I don't think it's for glasses but I don't think it's for glasses because it has pressure 121 pressure 121 pressure 121 it's okay it's okay it's okay so is our oxygen level okay the so is our oxygen level okay the so is our oxygen level okay the oxygen concentration level is is oxygen concentration level is is oxygen concentration level is is okay pressure okay pressure okay pressure but the the blood pressure is also okay but the the blood pressure is also okay but the the blood pressure is also okay and The pass rate is relatively very and The pass rate is relatively very and The pass rate is relatively very painful lab some of them want to painful lab some of them want to painful lab some of them want to mix it with injection who liven mix it with injection who liven mix it with injection who liven m m m now maybe I'll ask will you prefer to now maybe I'll ask will you prefer to now maybe I'll ask will you prefer to do it do it do it now it's da gun now it's da gun now it's da gun gunsaka its maumiv is normal normal not its maumiv is normal normal not its maumiv is normal normal not eh eh eh others those who don't want to others those who don't want to others those who don't want to hear it right after injection somebody is sleepy after injection somebody is sleepy after injection somebody is sleepy sorry you're afraid you're afraid you're afraid m I'm afraid of this one here I'm afraid of m I'm afraid of this one here I'm afraid of m I'm afraid of this one here I'm afraid of this one it looks like they're not right this one it looks like they're not right this one it looks like they're not right i.e. he can stab you  all anything [music] Hold on, hold on .  he's spitting at me, guys, .  he's spitting at me, guys, .  he's spitting at me, guys, come on, come on a little bit, come on, come on, come on a little bit, come on, come on, come on a little bit, come on, spit like spit, spit like spit, spit like spit, come on come on come on there [music] hi guys, guys, hi guys, guys, hi guys, guys, today is our last day, tomorrow today is our last day, tomorrow today is our last day, tomorrow we have to go, I mean tomorrow night we're leaving, guys, guys, we have to go, I mean tomorrow night we're leaving, guys, guys, I'm very sad, I'll catch up, I really enjoyed it. I'm very sad, I'll catch up, I really enjoyed it. I'm very sad, I'll catch up, I really enjoyed it. This is our third hotel called A This is our third hotel called A This is our third hotel called A Sopia. Sopia. Sopia. We came here to feed the twigger and zebra. We came here to feed the twigger and zebra. We came here to feed the twigger and zebra. So yeah, I'll catch up, guys. So yeah, I'll catch up, guys. So yeah, I'll catch up, guys. We have to leave here at around 9 o'clock, We have to leave here at around 9 o'clock, We have to leave here at around 9 o'clock, go to Moshi, see my little sister, and continue go to Moshi, see my little sister, and continue go to Moshi, see my little sister, and continue with other things until it's time for the airport. with other things until it's time for the airport. with other things until it's time for the airport. So yeah, bye.  by So guys, it's time to go back home. So guys, it's time to go back home. So guys, it's time to go back home. We really enjoyed Arusha and Moshi. We really enjoyed Arusha and Moshi. We really enjoyed Arusha and Moshi. We had fun. We had fun. We had fun. Amara has enjoyed disturbing us, although not too Amara has enjoyed disturbing us, although not too Amara has enjoyed disturbing us, although not too much.  So I love my people of Arusha much.  So I love my people of Arusha much.  So I love my people of Arusha very much.  See you next time.  What do you very much.  See you next time.  What do you very much.  See you next time.  What do you have to say? have to say? have to say? I'm I'm I'm tired.   Are tired.   Are tired.   Are you tired? you tired? you tired? I miss my baby. I miss my baby. I miss my baby. Hey guys, don't stop supporting us, Hey guys, don't stop supporting us, Hey guys, don't stop supporting us, we love you so much.  Don't forget to we love you so much.  Don't forget to we love you so much.  Don't forget to subscribe, like, comment and share.  Love subscribe, like, comment and share.  Love subscribe, like, comment and share.  Love you.  See you guys in the next vlog. you.  See you guys in the next vlog. you.  See you guys in the next vlog. Mahir