Hello hi so Hello hi so Hello hi so you guys can see recently you guys can see recently you guys can see recently a big change has come in my life.  I a big change has come in my life.  I a big change has come in my life.  I changed my eyebrow aunty. changed my eyebrow aunty. changed my eyebrow aunty. What did you think?  What is the change? What did you think?  What is the change? What did you think?  What is the change? Marriage.   Come on, Marriage.   Come on, Marriage.   Come on, wedding.  Bangles.  Doesn't it become apparent after some time wedding.  Bangles.  Doesn't it become apparent after some time wedding.  Bangles.  Doesn't it become apparent after some time ?  My mother-in-law said this.   The ?  My mother-in-law said this.   The ?  My mother-in-law said this.   The Chuda has been designed very strategically so that no matter Chuda has been designed very strategically so that no matter Chuda has been designed very strategically so that no matter how much pain the daughter-in-law faces after marriage, she how much pain the daughter-in-law faces after marriage, she how much pain the daughter-in-law faces after marriage, she cannot cut her veins. I stopped crying, man.  I go to I stopped crying, man.  I go to I stopped crying, man.  I go to wipe my tears.  Three scratches appear on my cheek. wipe my tears.  Three scratches appear on my cheek. Marriage is tough, man.  Marriage is tough.  New house, new Marriage is tough, man.  Marriage is tough.  New house, new Marriage is tough, man.  Marriage is tough.  New house, new people.  Initially, I was people.  Initially, I was people.  Initially, I was so scared to go to the washroom at night.  Strange sounds were coming.  Chim Chim Chim. so scared to go to the washroom at night.  Strange sounds were coming.  Chim Chim Chim. so scared to go to the washroom at night.  Strange sounds were coming.  Chim Chim Chim. I wonder if I wonder if I wonder if this house is haunted?  Then when I went to wash my hands I realised. this house is haunted?  Then when I went to wash my hands I realised. I am the Manjulika of this house.  So much I am the Manjulika of this house.  So much I am the Manjulika of this house.  So much time has passed and I am slowly time has passed and I am slowly time has passed and I am slowly developing a bond with my bangles.  I feel like developing a bond with my bangles.  I feel like developing a bond with my bangles.  I feel like a very popular school girl who has two a very popular school girl who has two a very popular school girl who has two girlfriends.  I'm like I don't girlfriends.  I'm like I don't girlfriends.  I'm like I don't drink tea.  They are like, I don't drink, I don't drink. I leave the room.  But the I leave the room.  But the I leave the room.  But the voice of my departure remains there.  I will take one of mine with me.   I voice of my departure remains there.  I will take one of mine with me.   I try not to speak normally.  You try not to speak normally.  You try not to speak normally.  You automatically tell him no, no no.   She does it. automatically tell him no, no no.   She does it. automatically tell him no, no no.   She does it. Unnecessary drama.  I love Unnecessary drama.  I love Unnecessary drama.  I love it.  If it were up to me, I would never remove it because it.  If it were up to me, I would never remove it because it.  If it were up to me, I would never remove it because every conversation starts and every conversation starts and every conversation starts and ends with this.  He is saying that you are ends with this.  He is saying that you are ends with this.  He is saying that you are wearing bangles.  How long will you wear it?  How are you feeling wearing bangles.  How long will you wear it?  How are you feeling wearing bangles.  How long will you wear it?  How are you feeling ?  And if this doesn't happen then when will we have children?   I do ?  And if this doesn't happen then when will we have children?   I do ?  And if this doesn't happen then when will we have children?   I do n't wear saree.  What do you cook for dinner n't wear saree.  What do you cook for dinner n't wear saree.  What do you cook for dinner ?  The fielding is not setting up. ?  The fielding is not setting up. ?  The fielding is not setting up. I mostly wear red these days to I mostly wear red these days to I mostly wear red these days to twin with it.  I shine like a siren in the cool crowd.   The twin with it.  I shine like a siren in the cool crowd.   The vermilion on her forehead is red, the bangles are red, the clothes are vermilion on her forehead is red, the bangles are red, the clothes are vermilion on her forehead is red, the bangles are red, the clothes are red, and the husband punched her, her nose is red. Dude, I just got married.  I will Dude, I just got married.  I will Dude, I just got married.  I will do one with domestic balance. do one with domestic balance. do one with domestic balance. And mine is a fairly new marriage.  Ok?  So just And mine is a fairly new marriage.  Ok?  So just And mine is a fairly new marriage.  Ok?  So just like Alia Bhatt.  I'm still getting used like Alia Bhatt.  I'm still getting used like Alia Bhatt.  I'm still getting used to calling my boyfriend.  My to calling my boyfriend.  My to calling my boyfriend.  My husband now.  Sometimes I even get husband now.  Sometimes I even get husband now.  Sometimes I even get confused between the names of both. No man, no.  I can't say such things No man, no.  I can't say such things No man, no.  I can't say such things anymore.  I am the daughter-in-law of someone's house.   I am anymore.  I am the daughter-in-law of someone's house.   I am anymore.  I am the daughter-in-law of someone's house.   I am mostly a daughter-in-law.  My husband's relatives daughter-in-law.  My husband's relatives daughter-in-law.  My husband's relatives also ask, son, which community do you belong to? also ask, son, which community do you belong to? also ask, son, which community do you belong to? And I'm Proud to Say I'm Not a Gold And I'm Proud to Say I'm Not a Gold And I'm Proud to Say I'm Not a Gold Digger.  I'm a Gold Retriever.   I do Digger.  I'm a Gold Retriever.   I do Digger.  I'm a Gold Retriever.   I do n't have a belt around my neck.  There is just a mark on the n't have a belt around my neck.  There is just a mark on the n't have a belt around my neck.  There is just a mark on the back.   I just got married, friend.  I will make two domestic married, friend.  I will make two domestic married, friend.  I will make two domestic balance jokes, friend.  Ever since I balance jokes, friend.  Ever since I balance jokes, friend.  Ever since I became a daughter-in-law, whenever there is a new marriage anywhere nearby, became a daughter-in-law, whenever there is a new marriage anywhere nearby, became a daughter-in-law, whenever there is a new marriage anywhere nearby, my ears perk up.  Who is my ears perk up.  Who is my ears perk up.  Who is the new [ __ ] in town? the new [ __ ] in town? the new [ __ ] in town? Currently my training is going on for the competition.  How to Currently my training is going on for the competition.  How to Currently my training is going on for the competition.  How to sit, how to stand, not to bite the husband.   Have to sit, how to stand, not to bite the husband.   Have to speak less. speak less. speak less. These guys are also teaching me the stands.  No matter where an These guys are also teaching me the stands.  No matter where an These guys are also teaching me the stands.  No matter where an elderly person is standing, he elderly person is standing, he elderly person is standing, he reaches his feet with great enthusiasm. Parry Bone Uncle, Parry Bone Uncle, Parry Bone Uncle, I will smell your feet and tell you where you went last. I will smell your feet and tell you where you went last. Uncle, is there a Sulabh toilet, is Uncle, is there a Sulabh toilet, is Uncle, is there a Sulabh toilet, is n't it? Speaking of brother, my husband is very loving, Speaking of brother, my husband is very loving, Speaking of brother, my husband is very loving, he supported me a lot throughout the training.  He used to he supported me a lot throughout the training.  He used to he supported me a lot throughout the training.  He used to give the start stop indication. give the start stop indication. give the start stop indication. Hey elder uncle spotted run multi run. Hey elder uncle spotted run multi run. Hey elder uncle spotted run multi run. Whereas his own training is not yet complete. Whereas his own training is not yet complete. Whereas his own training is not yet complete. I am coming to a new house so they are I am coming to a new house so they are I am coming to a new house so they are teaching me how to live.  He did not learn to live in his own house.  There is teaching me how to live.  He did not learn to live in his own house.  There is teaching me how to live.  He did not learn to live in his own house.  There is more of his wet towel on his bed than mine. more of his wet towel on his bed than mine. more of his wet towel on his bed than mine. And And And this is my question to the public.  How are husbands making the towel so wet this is my question to the public.  How are husbands making the towel so wet this is my question to the public.  How are husbands making the towel so wet ? How are you outside?  One time my husband couldn't find his How are you outside?  One time my husband couldn't find his How are you outside?  One time my husband couldn't find his towel.  I said, no towel.  I said, no towel.  I said, no problem, take mine.  It's just a matter of one day, problem, take mine.  It's just a matter of one day, problem, take mine.  It's just a matter of one day, after that I will burn it.   Went and came. Water is falling from the towel.   Drip drip Water is falling from the towel.   Drip drip Water is falling from the towel.   Drip drip drip towel whose job is to absorb water. drip towel whose job is to absorb water. drip towel whose job is to absorb water. His it broke my towel. His it broke my towel. His it broke my towel. I am asking you how do you take a I am asking you how do you take a I am asking you how do you take a bath wearing such a wet towel? bath wearing such a wet towel? bath wearing such a wet towel? Now I am secretly watching my own husband taking bath. Now I am secretly watching my own husband taking bath. What does he do with the towel? What does he do with the towel? What does he do with the towel? Because of this, complaints have started coming in our relationship. Because of this, complaints have started coming in our relationship. He asks me what is the problem He asks me what is the problem He asks me what is the problem with the wet bed?  Tomorrow we will have a child.  He will with the wet bed?  Tomorrow we will have a child.  He will with the wet bed?  Tomorrow we will have a child.  He will wet it.  It should become a habit, right?  Other wet it.  It should become a habit, right?  Other wet it.  It should become a habit, right?  Other married couples do financial planning before family planning. married couples do financial planning before family planning. married couples do financial planning before family planning. Saving Saving Saving Investing My husband.  Come on, let's practice sleeping in the toilet. Investing My husband.  Come on, let's practice sleeping in the toilet. And I know friend, you might be thinking that you do And I know friend, you might be thinking that you do And I know friend, you might be thinking that you do n't take bath.  Doesn't your towel get wet n't take bath.  Doesn't your towel get wet n't take bath.  Doesn't your towel get wet ?  Look guys, I am a daughter-in-law. ?  Look guys, I am a daughter-in-law. ?  Look guys, I am a daughter-in-law. I don't take towels, I just shake them very hard.   I get it done with him only. I don't take towels, I just shake them very hard.   I get it done with him only. My mother gave me a My mother gave me a My mother gave me a lot of towels in dowry.  Towels and lot of towels in dowry.  Towels and lot of towels in dowry.  Towels and towels.  Towels of different colors, types and sizes. towels.  Towels of different colors, types and sizes. towels.  Towels of different colors, types and sizes. Face Towel, Hand Towel, Bath Towel, Kitchen Face Towel, Hand Towel, Bath Towel, Kitchen Face Towel, Hand Towel, Bath Towel, Kitchen Towel.  My husband is wiping his face with every towel. Towel.  My husband is wiping his face with every towel. And he is asking whether there was powder in it?  Look, there's a And he is asking whether there was powder in it?  Look, there's a And he is asking whether there was powder in it?  Look, there's a kitchen towel.  There was flour in it.   It is said that if we do bad deeds then said that if we do bad deeds then said that if we do bad deeds then in the next life we ​​become something like an ant or a pig.  They are in the next life we ​​become something like an ant or a pig.  They are in the next life we ​​become something like an ant or a pig.  They are made to be towels for men. Worst existence to have.  Either you're Worst existence to have.  Either you're Worst existence to have.  Either you're lying in bed or you're hanging on someone's shoulder lying in bed or you're hanging on someone's shoulder lying in bed or you're hanging on someone's shoulder , or you're dancing between someone's thighs. , or you're dancing between someone's thighs. , or you're dancing between someone's thighs. Once youth is gone, then you start Once youth is gone, then you start Once youth is gone, then you start doing the same thing brother, I will not do the full step, I doing the same thing brother, I will not do the full step, I doing the same thing brother, I will not do the full step, I am the daughter-in-law of someone's house, they are am the daughter-in-law of someone's house, they are am the daughter-in-law of someone's house, they are crying, we are just not able to see their tears crying, we are just not able to see their tears crying, we are just not able to see their tears because they are already so because they are already so because they are already so wet, so they want to die by wet, so they want to die by wet, so they want to die by hanging on the rope but the men are not hanging them hanging on the rope but the men are not hanging them hanging on the rope but the men are not hanging them and I really do not understand, friend, my husband is an and I really do not understand, friend, my husband is an and I really do not understand, friend, my husband is an intelligent man, he can do long calculations intelligent man, he can do long calculations intelligent man, he can do long calculations in minutes.  When he goes to a place, in minutes.  When he goes to a place, in minutes.  When he goes to a place, he remembers the way there. he remembers the way there. he remembers the way there. How come he doesn't remember to How come he doesn't remember to How come he doesn't remember to dry the towel in the balcony?  I told him, friend, you made a mistake, you should dry the towel in the balcony?  I told him, friend, you made a mistake, you should dry the towel in the balcony?  I told him, friend, you made a mistake, you should not have taken a 15 kg towel.   It not have taken a 15 kg towel.   It not have taken a 15 kg towel.   It is very heavy.  He says it is not 15 kg is very heavy.  He says it is not 15 kg is very heavy.  He says it is not 15 kg lighter.  Why don't you pick it up? lighter.  Why don't you pick it up? lighter.  Why don't you pick it up? What happened in his childhood? What happened in his childhood? What happened in his childhood? I want to know towel trauma.  I love the I want to know towel trauma.  I love the I want to know towel trauma.  I love the towel so much that I want it on the bed.  I towel so much that I want it on the bed.  I towel so much that I want it on the bed.  I thought he might not remember it.  I thought he might not remember it.  I thought he might not remember it.  I started giving him hints.  Settle Settle Subtle started giving him hints.  Settle Settle Subtle started giving him hints.  Settle Settle Subtle Hints that friend what will he eat, Dal Hints that friend what will he eat, Dal Hints that friend what will he eat, Dal Baati or a wet towel?   Do you remember what was the sixth vow that Pandit ji made you take you remember what was the sixth vow that Pandit ji made you take you remember what was the sixth vow that Pandit ji made you take ?  He is like we are not always together ?  He is like we are not always together ?  He is like we are not always together drying the towel outside.   He is drying the towel outside.   He is drying the towel outside.   He is like he is okay.  Why did you grab my collar like he is okay.  Why did you grab my collar like he is okay.  Why did you grab my collar ? ? ? I didn't catch it.  Didn't catch it, didn't catch it. Now I have hung a rope above the bed for his practice. Now I have hung a rope above the bed for his practice. And wrote on the wall hang here.  Move away, move away. And wrote on the wall hang here.  Move away, move away. And wrote on the wall hang here.  Move away, move away. And there he dries his underwear. This is our room aesthetic.  As soon as we opened the gate, This is our room aesthetic.  As soon as we opened the gate, This is our room aesthetic.  As soon as we opened the gate, our wedding photo was in the Auri pose our wedding photo was in the Auri pose our wedding photo was in the Auri pose and underwear was hanging in front of it.   It's and underwear was hanging in front of it.   It's and underwear was hanging in front of it.   It's written on the wall: Hang Here. And towels on the bed.  Now all I have left to do is And towels on the bed.  Now all I have left to do is And towels on the bed.  Now all I have left to do is move the bed to the balcony. move the bed to the balcony. move the bed to the balcony. Because I have tried everything, friends. Because I have tried everything, friends. Because I have tried everything, friends. I made a tutorial for it. I made a tutorial for it. I made a tutorial for it. Three Easy Steps to Hang Your Three Easy Steps to Hang Your Three Easy Steps to Hang Your Towel in Balcony.  Step one, pick the towel Towel in Balcony.  Step one, pick the towel Towel in Balcony.  Step one, pick the towel from the bed. from the bed. from the bed. Step two, go to the balcony.  Step three, Step two, go to the balcony.  Step three, Step two, go to the balcony.  Step three, spread towel on rope.  Now I will spread towel on rope.  Now I will spread towel on rope.  Now I will speak fast.  Pick towel from bed.  Go to the speak fast.  Pick towel from bed.  Go to the speak fast.  Pick towel from bed.  Go to the balcony.  Expect towel on rope balcony.  Expect towel on rope balcony.  Expect towel on rope Say it once more Say it once more Now show me he is doing it Say it once more Say it once more Now show me he is doing it Say it once more Say it once more Now show me he is doing it Pick towel from bed Go to balcony Pick towel from bed Go to balcony Pick towel from bed Go to balcony Watch birds Come back to bed with towel to bed with towel to bed with towel I even made a game show for him Friend let's I even made a game show for him Friend let's I even made a game show for him Friend let's play Who will become a good husband play Who will become a good husband play Who will become a good husband Your first question is on your wife's face Your first question is on your wife's face Your first question is on your wife's face This This This one got soaked in water.  It is lying on your bed. one got soaked in water.  It is lying on your bed. What will you do with the bed you sleep on?  Option A will dry it out. What will you do with the bed you sleep on?  Option A will dry it out. What will you do with the bed you sleep on?  Option A will dry it out. Option B will dry it out. Option C will dry it outside.  Or Option C will dry it outside.  Or Option C will dry it outside.  Or option D all of the above. option D all of the above. option D all of the above. He is not intelligent like that, he thought a lot and then said He is not intelligent like that, he thought a lot and then said He is not intelligent like that, he thought a lot and then said sir I want a phone a friend my mummy his mummy said son you keep it on the bed, his mummy said son you keep it on the bed, his mummy said son you keep it on the bed, your father also used to keep it on the bed, your father's father also used to keep it on the your father also used to keep it on the bed, your father's father also used to keep it on the your father also used to keep it on the bed, your father's father also used to keep it on the bed, your grandfather bed, your grandfather bed, your grandfather 's father also used to keep it on the bed, when we were 's father also used to keep it on the bed, when we were 's father also used to keep it on the bed, when we were in Pakistan we used to keep it on the bed even then in Pakistan we used to keep it on the bed even then in Pakistan we used to keep it on the bed even then oh my god its towel the trauma is coming oh my god its towel the trauma is coming oh my god its towel the trauma is coming from across the border from across the border from across the border but now so many towels have started revolving in my mind that but now so many towels have started revolving in my mind that but now so many towels have started revolving in my mind that I even have such dreams that a I even have such dreams that a I even have such dreams that a witch is coming, water is falling on the white towel, drip drip drip, witch is coming, water is falling on the white towel, drip drip drip, witch is coming, water is falling on the white towel, drip drip drip, now now now in my own dream I am seeing the witch silently bathing, in my own dream I am seeing the witch silently bathing, in my own dream I am seeing the witch silently bathing, what is she doing with the towel, what is she doing with the towel, what is she doing with the towel, friend, I will go mad like this, so I have friend, I will go mad like this, so I have friend, I will go mad like this, so I have slowly started accepting that my slowly started accepting that my slowly started accepting that my husband is in a polyamorous relationship in which husband is in a polyamorous relationship in which husband is in a polyamorous relationship in which he has a matching towel on the right side of the bed and he has a matching towel on the right side of the bed and he has a matching towel on the right side of the bed and his towel on the left side, I his towel on the left side, I his towel on the left side, I take a towel with me while going for bedsheet shopping and say bhaiya take a towel with me while going for bedsheet shopping and say bhaiya take a towel with me while going for bedsheet shopping and say bhaiya look at this, come show me its matching bedsheet. look at this, come show me its matching bedsheet. look at this, come show me its matching bedsheet. And to surprise my husband, I And to surprise my husband, I And to surprise my husband, I make two swans on the bed using a towel.   Just make two swans on the bed using a towel.   Just make two swans on the bed using a towel.   Just like they used to make it in hotels, he like they used to make it in hotels, he like they used to make it in hotels, he throws his wet towel on it too.  The swan comes throws his wet towel on it too.  The swan comes throws his wet towel on it too.  The swan comes out of the wire in the same.  I was so scared out of the wire in the same.  I was so scared out of the wire in the same.  I was so scared that by the time I left, he would have made a mess of our bed. that by the time I left, he would have made a mess of our bed. that by the time I left, he would have made a mess of our bed. So I brought his towel So I brought his towel So I brought his towel with me.  And I will keep it somewhere among you. with me.  And I will keep it somewhere among you. with me.  And I will keep it somewhere among you. So if any time during the night So if any time during the night So if any time during the night you feel something rubbing against your leg.   Don't Be you feel something rubbing against your leg.   Don't Be you feel something rubbing against your leg.   Don't Be Scared could be that towel.  But if Scared could be that towel.  But if Scared could be that towel.  But if you're a woman, be a little scared, that you're a woman, be a little scared, that you're a woman, be a little scared, that towel may not be there. towel may not be there. towel may not be there. Thank you so much.