Hello hi so
you guys can see recently
a big change has come in my life. I
changed my eyebrow aunty.
What did you think? What is the change?
Marriage. Come on,
wedding. Bangles. Doesn't it become apparent after some time
? My mother-in-law said this. The
Chuda has been designed very strategically so that no matter
how much pain the daughter-in-law faces after marriage, she
cannot cut her veins.
I stopped crying, man. I go to
wipe my tears. Three scratches appear on my cheek.
Marriage is tough, man. Marriage is tough. New house, new
people. Initially, I was
so scared to go to the washroom at night. Strange sounds were coming. Chim Chim Chim.
I wonder if
this house is haunted? Then when I went to wash my hands I realised.
I am the Manjulika of this house. So much
time has passed and I am slowly
developing a bond with my bangles. I feel like
a very popular school girl who has two
girlfriends. I'm like I don't
drink tea. They are like, I don't drink, I don't drink.
I leave the room. But the
voice of my departure remains there. I will take one of mine with me. I
try not to speak normally. You
automatically tell him no, no no. She does it.
Unnecessary drama. I love
it. If it were up to me, I would never remove it because
every conversation starts and
ends with this. He is saying that you are
wearing bangles. How long will you wear it? How are you feeling
? And if this doesn't happen then when will we have children? I do
n't wear saree. What do you cook for dinner
? The fielding is not setting up.
I mostly wear red these days to
twin with it. I shine like a siren in the cool crowd. The
vermilion on her forehead is red, the bangles are red, the clothes are
red, and the husband punched her, her nose is red.
Dude, I just got married. I will
do one with domestic balance.
And mine is a fairly new marriage. Ok? So just
like Alia Bhatt. I'm still getting used
to calling my boyfriend. My
husband now. Sometimes I even get
confused between the names of both.
No man, no. I can't say such things
anymore. I am the daughter-in-law of someone's house. I am
mostly a
daughter-in-law. My husband's relatives
also ask, son, which community do you belong to?
And I'm Proud to Say I'm Not a Gold
Digger. I'm a Gold Retriever. I do
n't have a belt around my neck. There is just a mark on the
back. I just got
married, friend. I will make two domestic
balance jokes, friend. Ever since I
became a daughter-in-law, whenever there is a new marriage anywhere nearby,
my ears perk up. Who is
the new [ __ ] in town?
Currently my training is going on for the competition. How to
sit, how to stand, not to bite the husband. Have to
speak less.
These guys are also teaching me the stands. No matter where an
elderly person is standing, he
reaches his feet with great enthusiasm.
Parry Bone Uncle,
I will smell your feet and tell you where you went last.
Uncle, is there a Sulabh toilet, is
n't it?
Speaking of brother, my husband is very loving,
he supported me a lot throughout the training. He used to
give the start stop indication.
Hey elder uncle spotted run multi run.
Whereas his own training is not yet complete.
I am coming to a new house so they are
teaching me how to live. He did not learn to live in his own house. There is
more of his wet towel on his bed than mine.
And
this is my question to the public. How are husbands making the towel so wet
?
How are you outside? One time my husband couldn't find his
towel. I said, no
problem, take mine. It's just a matter of one day,
after that I will burn it. Went and came.
Water is falling from the towel. Drip drip
drip towel whose job is to absorb water.
His it broke my towel.
I am asking you how do you take a
bath wearing such a wet towel?
Now I am secretly watching my own husband taking bath.
What does he do with the towel?
Because of this, complaints have started coming in our relationship.
He asks me what is the problem
with the wet bed? Tomorrow we will have a child. He will
wet it. It should become a habit, right? Other
married couples do financial planning before family planning.
Saving
Investing My husband. Come on, let's practice sleeping in the toilet.
And I know friend, you might be thinking that you do
n't take bath. Doesn't your towel get wet
? Look guys, I am a daughter-in-law.
I don't take towels, I just shake them very hard. I get it done with him only.
My mother gave me a
lot of towels in dowry. Towels and
towels. Towels of different colors, types and sizes.
Face Towel, Hand Towel, Bath Towel, Kitchen
Towel. My husband is wiping his face with every towel.
And he is asking whether there was powder in it? Look, there's a
kitchen towel. There was flour in it. It is
said that if we do bad deeds then
in the next life we ​​become something like an ant or a pig. They are
made to be towels for men.
Worst existence to have. Either you're
lying in bed or you're hanging on someone's shoulder
, or you're dancing between someone's thighs.
Once youth is gone, then you start
doing the same thing brother, I will not do the full step, I
am the daughter-in-law of someone's house, they are
crying, we are just not able to see their tears
because they are already so
wet, so they want to die by
hanging on the rope but the men are not hanging them
and I really do not understand, friend, my husband is an
intelligent man, he can do long calculations
in minutes. When he goes to a place,
he remembers the way there.
How come he doesn't remember to
dry the towel in the balcony? I told him, friend, you made a mistake, you should
not have taken a 15 kg towel. It
is very heavy. He says it is not 15 kg
lighter. Why don't you pick it up?
What happened in his childhood?
I want to know towel trauma. I love the
towel so much that I want it on the bed. I
thought he might not remember it. I
started giving him hints. Settle Settle Subtle
Hints that friend what will he eat, Dal
Baati or a wet towel? Do
you remember what was the sixth vow that Pandit ji made you take
? He is like we are not always together
drying the towel outside. He is
like he is okay. Why did you grab my collar
?
I didn't catch it. Didn't catch it, didn't catch it.
Now I have hung a rope above the bed for his practice.
And wrote on the wall hang here. Move away, move away.
And there he dries his underwear.
This is our room aesthetic. As soon as we opened the gate,
our wedding photo was in the Auri pose
and underwear was hanging in front of it. It's
written on the wall: Hang Here.
And towels on the bed. Now all I have left to do is
move the bed to the balcony.
Because I have tried everything, friends.
I made a tutorial for it.
Three Easy Steps to Hang Your
Towel in Balcony. Step one, pick the towel
from the bed.
Step two, go to the balcony. Step three,
spread towel on rope. Now I will
speak fast. Pick towel from bed. Go to the
balcony. Expect towel on rope
Say it once more Say it once more Now show me he is doing it
Pick towel from bed Go to balcony
Watch birds Come back
to bed with towel
I even made a game show for him Friend let's
play Who will become a good husband
Your first question is on your wife's face
This
one got soaked in water. It is lying on your bed.
What will you do with the bed you sleep on? Option A will dry it out.
Option B will dry it out.
Option C will dry it outside. Or
option D all of the above.
He is not intelligent like that, he thought a lot and then said
sir I want a phone a friend my mummy
his mummy said son you keep it on the bed,
your father also used to keep it on the bed, your father's father also used to keep it on the
bed, your grandfather
's father also used to keep it on the bed, when we were
in Pakistan we used to keep it on the bed even then
oh my god its towel the trauma is coming
from across the border
but now so many towels have started revolving in my mind that
I even have such dreams that a
witch is coming, water is falling on the white towel, drip drip drip,
now
in my own dream I am seeing the witch silently bathing,
what is she doing with the towel,
friend, I will go mad like this, so I have
slowly started accepting that my
husband is in a polyamorous relationship in which
he has a matching towel on the right side of the bed and
his towel on the left side, I
take a towel with me while going for bedsheet shopping and say bhaiya
look at this, come show me its matching bedsheet.
And to surprise my husband, I
make two swans on the bed using a towel. Just
like they used to make it in hotels, he
throws his wet towel on it too. The swan comes
out of the wire in the same. I was so scared
that by the time I left, he would have made a mess of our bed.
So I brought his towel
with me. And I will keep it somewhere among you.
So if any time during the night
you feel something rubbing against your leg. Don't Be
Scared could be that towel. But if
you're a woman, be a little scared, that
towel may not be there.
Thank you so much.
