Hi!  Hello guys, welcome to [music] my Hi!  Hello guys, welcome to [music] my Hi!  Hello guys, welcome to [music] my house.  As you can see, we are house.  As you can see, we are house.  As you can see, we are very blessed because we moved into very blessed because we moved into very blessed because we moved into our new house.  And when we moved to the our new house.  And when we moved to the our new house.  And when we moved to the new house, new house, new house, Mikey's volcano [music] came into focus.  And this, Mikey's volcano [music] came into focus.  And this, Mikey's volcano [music] came into focus.  And this, we will also have a new blessing.  So, this is all we will also have a new blessing.  So, this is all we will also have a new blessing.  So, this is all our baby has been waiting for, all we our baby has been waiting for, all we our baby has been waiting for, all we need is for us to move.  So, need is for us to move.  So, need is for us to move.  So, I'm very, very excited to show you what I'm very, very excited to show you what I'm very, very excited to show you what we've been working on for half a decade. we've been working on for half a decade. we've been working on for half a decade. He is half a decade old.  Yes.  So almost 5 He is half a decade old.  Yes.  So almost 5 He is half a decade old.  Yes.  So almost 5 years [of music] in the making from years [of music] in the making from years [of music] in the making from building a house to building building a house to building building a house to building from scratch to from scratch to from scratch to catching.  There is no one left.  So this is our catching.  There is no one left.  So this is our catching.  There is no one left.  So this is our house tour.  Sorry we're late for the house tour.  Sorry we're late for the house tour.  Sorry we're late for the house tour because you know house tour because you know house tour because you know I only have some things already heated in I only have some things already heated in I only have some things already heated in my toaster oven.  But now it's possible.  So my toaster oven.  But now it's possible.  So my toaster oven.  But now it's possible.  So welcome to Casa Morada.  Come on. welcome to Casa Morada.  Come on. welcome to Casa Morada.  Come on. So this is our Casa Morada and I am very So this is our Casa Morada and I am very So this is our Casa Morada and I am very very proud of this house because it was very proud of this house because it was very proud of this house because it was given to us. I'm really tired of given to us. I'm really tired of given to us. I'm really tired of explaining.  I'm out of breath. explaining.  I'm out of breath. explaining.  I'm out of breath. [laughter] So anyway this is a [laughter] So anyway this is a [laughter] So anyway this is a collaboration.  Oh, there's the collaboration between the collaboration.  Oh, there's the collaboration between the collaboration.  Oh, there's the collaboration between the Morada and Gonzaga families to give it Morada and Gonzaga families to give it Morada and Gonzaga families to give it to us.  So Mikey's parents gave it to us to us.  So Mikey's parents gave it to us to us.  So Mikey's parents gave it to us and my parents helped us and my parents helped us and my parents helped us build this house build this house build this house . . . Guys, in the middle of the video, when Guys, in the middle of the video, when Guys, in the middle of the video, when I'm panting, you know I'm panting, you know I'm panting, you know my body isn't used to the heavy my body isn't used to the heavy my body isn't used to the heavy suitcase I'm carrying right now.  So we're a little suitcase I'm carrying right now.  So we're a little suitcase I'm carrying right now.  So we're a little tired.  Okay.  So when I get cut tired.  Okay.  So when I get cut tired.  Okay.  So when I get cut out, we just have beer rolls. out, we just have beer rolls. out, we just have beer rolls. That means Tessy is tired.  Okay. That means Tessy is tired.  Okay. That means Tessy is tired.  Okay. Who's Tessy?  Me.  I am Miss Tessy Con Who's Tessy?  Me.  I am Miss Tessy Con Who's Tessy?  Me.  I am Miss Tessy Con Morada.  Maybe my Miss Tessy will be angry Morada.  Maybe my Miss Tessy will be angry Morada.  Maybe my Miss Tessy will be angry .  Because I'm pregnant.  Okay.  One of my .  Because I'm pregnant.  Okay.  One of my .  Because I'm pregnant.  Okay.  One of my favorite parts of my house.  This is favorite parts of my house.  This is favorite parts of my house.  This is our foy. our foy. our foy. Thank you so much, Priselo, for what Thank you so much, Priselo, for what Thank you so much, Priselo, for what I learned from you.  So, I'll turn away I learned from you.  So, I'll turn away I learned from you.  So, I'll turn away when I mention it because when I mention it because when I mention it because we also have solar panels attached we also have solar panels attached we also have solar panels attached to our arm kits because you know to our arm kits because you know to our arm kits because you know we've been here for a few months now so there are some we've been here for a few months now so there are some we've been here for a few months now so there are some shady spots.  In the summer, it shady spots.  In the summer, it shady spots.  In the summer, it also gets sunburned.  Let's do it so you don't also gets sunburned.  Let's do it so you don't also gets sunburned.  Let's do it so you don't see it.  If you see it, let's edit it out see it.  If you see it, let's edit it out see it.  If you see it, let's edit it out .  Or please don't .  Or please don't .  Or please don't screen it.  Don't zoom in.   Don't screen it.  Don't zoom in.   Don't screen it.  Don't zoom in.   Don't blur it.  Our interior blur it.  Our interior blur it.  Our interior designer is Huray Design.  So designer is Huray Design.  So designer is Huray Design.  So we showed it here in our house, which supposedly we showed it here in our house, which supposedly we showed it here in our house, which supposedly has grills.  But of course has grills.  But of course has grills.  But of course we're feeling like Kardashians we're feeling like Kardashians we're feeling like Kardashians because my husband looks like Kanyew. because my husband looks like Kanyew. because my husband looks like Kanyew. So I said no, I want to make a kim k so let's So I said no, I want to make a kim k so let's So I said no, I want to make a kim k so let's do it. Mommy do it. Mommy do it. Mommy Pinty objected because it looked like a resort but they didn't Pinty objected because it looked like a resort but they didn't Pinty objected because it looked like a resort but they didn't know because this is the one that know because this is the one that know because this is the one that changes so I just made it changes so I just made it changes so I just made it one slab of cement and it's all in one piece and one slab of cement and it's all in one piece and one slab of cement and it's all in one piece and then we just made stairs that match the color then we just made stairs that match the color then we just made stairs that match the color of our flooring so this is it and then of our flooring so this is it and then of our flooring so this is it and then this is all I decided on, this is all I decided on, this is all I decided on, I'll just put a little design here and then I'll just put a little design here and then I'll just put a little design here and then this is for my curtains.  So there was a time this is for my curtains.  So there was a time this is for my curtains.  So there was a time in my life when I made him what he should be in my life when I made him what he should be in my life when I made him what he should be .  My mom said it's because .  My mom said it's because .  My mom said it's because she loves [music] more than she loves [music] more than she loves [music] more than electronic music.  So mom said it would be difficult for electronic music.  So mom said it would be difficult for electronic music.  So mom said it would be difficult for us to do [music] no matter us to do [music] no matter us to do [music] no matter who did it.  It's like there's a who did it.  It's like there's a who did it.  It's like there's a flight every morning for the national flight every morning for the national flight every morning for the national anthem of the Philippines, because that's how it is. anthem of the Philippines, because that's how it is. anthem of the Philippines, because that's how it is. So we just made electronics.  That's So we just made electronics.  That's So we just made electronics.  That's it.  So there and then this one is going it.  So there and then this one is going it.  So there and then this one is going to the basement but I'm not to the basement but I'm not to the basement but I'm not going to the basement anymore because going to the basement anymore because going to the basement anymore because I'm tired.  And this one was given to I'm tired.  And this one was given to I'm tired.  And this one was given to us by Mikey's mom, I think from us by Mikey's mom, I think from us by Mikey's mom, I think from Spain or Spain or Spain or there. Today she cleaned it, but there. Today she cleaned it, but there. Today she cleaned it, but to be honest, the other day to be honest, the other day to be honest, the other day Mikey's golf bag was there.  Here are Mikey's golf bag was there.  Here are Mikey's golf bag was there.  Here are his gym clothes.  Here are the his gym clothes.  Here are the his gym clothes.  Here are the packages.  Now just cleaned.  It was a big packages.  Now just cleaned.  It was a big packages.  Now just cleaned.  It was a big mess [laughter] but now it's fixed. mess [laughter] but now it's fixed. mess [laughter] but now it's fixed. You are very good.  So there.  Okay.  Next. You are very good.  So there.  Okay.  Next. You are very good.  So there.  Okay.  Next. This one is our supposedly guest This one is our supposedly guest This one is our supposedly guest room for my parents.  When they're here, room for my parents.  When they're here, room for my parents.  When they're here, of course we'll sing them as we of course we'll sing them as we of course we'll sing them as we grow old together.  So they're here so they don't have to grow old together.  So they're here so they don't have to grow old together.  So they're here so they don't have to take the stairs anymore.  So what I took here take the stairs anymore.  So what I took here take the stairs anymore.  So what I took here is a pullout bed.  Then while no one is a pullout bed.  Then while no one is a pullout bed.  Then while no one lives here, not as long as they lives here, not as long as they lives here, not as long as they sleep here.  So this is what sleep here.  So this is what sleep here.  So this is what I'm making into a makeup room.  And then here I'm making into a makeup room.  And then here I'm making into a makeup room.  And then here [with music] we also put the [with music] we also put the [with music] we also put the cameras.  And then those are the awards. cameras.  And then those are the awards. cameras.  And then those are the awards. [music] And as you can see, that's why I can [music] And as you can see, that's why I can [music] And as you can see, that's why I can display it.  When I invited display it.  When I invited display it.  When I invited Bea Boris here, she was very happy and Bea Boris here, she was very happy and Bea Boris here, she was very happy and surprised that I [music] was a surprised that I [music] was a surprised that I [music] was a graduate.  'Right?  He didn't know that graduate.  'Right?  He didn't know that graduate.  'Right?  He didn't know that I graduated. I graduated. I graduated. He didn't know I graduated.  And Mikey He didn't know I graduated.  And Mikey He didn't know I graduated.  And Mikey graduated.  You're smart and I'm [music] graduated.  You're smart and I'm [music] graduated.  You're smart and I'm [music] UP, but I'm rich.  Okay.  And then of UP, but I'm rich.  Okay.  And then of UP, but I'm rich.  Okay.  And then of course it has a fan.  Open it up, course it has a fan.  Open it up, course it has a fan.  Open it up, because the teacher is already sweating a bit because the teacher is already sweating a bit because the teacher is already sweating a bit .  I don't really .  I don't really .  I don't really show this off to everyone, even show this off to everyone, even show this off to everyone, even at my house in Taytay, at our house in at my house in Taytay, at our house in at my house in Taytay, at our house in Taytay, and even at the condo.  I won't Taytay, and even at the condo.  I won't Taytay, and even at the condo.  I won't display this either.  But you know, in this house, display this either.  But you know, in this house, display this either.  But you know, in this house, I also display our achievements I also display our achievements I also display our achievements and even our 10 million.  Although and even our 10 million.  Although and even our 10 million.  Although we won't be taking a close-up because it's a bit we won't be taking a close-up because it's a bit we won't be taking a close-up because it's a bit dirty and oxidized, so I fixed it. dirty and oxidized, so I fixed it. dirty and oxidized, so I fixed it. So why am I displaying that here in the So why am I displaying that here in the So why am I displaying that here in the house?  It's all because of you guys, house?  It's all because of you guys, house?  It's all because of you guys, right?  I can see the reason why it was displayed. right?  I can see the reason why it was displayed. right?  I can see the reason why it was displayed. It's all because of my netizens.  So of course It's all because of my netizens.  So of course It's all because of my netizens.  So of course I can't not I can't not I can't not share it with you because you were with me share it with you because you were with me share it with you because you were with me when we were doing this and you were with me, when we were doing this and you were with me, when we were doing this and you were with me, you accompanied me all throughout you accompanied me all throughout you accompanied me all throughout my journey. my journey. my journey. I'm tired.  So this is our CR, I am I'm tired.  So this is our CR, I am I'm tired.  So this is our CR, I am so happy with my mirror because this is so happy with my mirror because this is so happy with my mirror because this is from Hoopo Philippines.  All from Hoopo Philippines.  All from Hoopo Philippines.  All my mirrors and all my glass and closures, my mirrors and all my glass and closures, my mirrors and all my glass and closures, they're all from Hupo Philippines.  The they're all from Hupo Philippines.  The they're all from Hupo Philippines.  The owner of the hoopoe is from Taytay.  So I'm owner of the hoopoe is from Taytay.  So I'm owner of the hoopoe is from Taytay.  So I'm very proud of our countrymen.  And then very proud of our countrymen.  And then very proud of our countrymen.  And then you can change the lighting. you can change the lighting. you can change the lighting. So all my mirrors.  And then this is So all my mirrors.  And then this is So all my mirrors.  And then this is from Kanszen home.  Then this is what we have from Kanszen home.  Then this is what we have from Kanszen home.  Then this is what we have from Canzen. So this is where Poly always takes a bath.  Here So this is where Poly always takes a bath.  Here So this is where Poly always takes a bath.  Here he always cries.  This is where he always cries.  This is where he always cries.  This is where the screaming in the hawk's nest happens because the screaming in the hawk's nest happens because the screaming in the hawk's nest happens because whenever Poly goes swimming and showers, there's whenever Poly goes swimming and showers, there's whenever Poly goes swimming and showers, there's always something dramatic.  I don't want always something dramatic.  I don't want always something dramatic.  I don't want a shower.  Here are Poly's scenes. a shower.  Here are Poly's scenes. a shower.  Here are Poly's scenes. That's what he is.  And That's what he is.  And That's what he is.  And then for my guest as well.  So that's it. then for my guest as well.  So that's it. then for my guest as well.  So that's it. So many people were surprised by this, they were attracted to it So many people were surprised by this, they were attracted to it So many people were surprised by this, they were attracted to it and opened it.  Of course it's best.  So and opened it.  Of course it's best.  So and opened it.  Of course it's best.  So our faucet is a bit different our faucet is a bit different our faucet is a bit different .  Those are all from Kansome. .  Those are all from Kansome. .  Those are all from Kansome. Thank you very much.  How beautiful. Thank you very much.  How beautiful. Thank you very much.  How beautiful. That look is strange.  And of course free That look is strange.  And of course free That look is strange.  And of course free to hoopo for my makeup.  And then as you to hoopo for my makeup.  And then as you to hoopo for my makeup.  And then as you can see here, oh, family. can see here, oh, family. can see here, oh, family. A family that polarides together visits A family that polarides together visits A family that polarides together visits the house together.  Because they beat the house together.  Because they beat the house together.  Because they beat me.  You know, it's a bit expensive to move in me.  You know, it's a bit expensive to move in me.  You know, it's a bit expensive to move in because my family used to because my family used to because my family used to always live with my sister.  Now it seems like it's always been that way always live with my sister.  Now it seems like it's always been that way always live with my sister.  Now it seems like it's always been that way for me.  So of course I'm responsible for the for me.  So of course I'm responsible for the for me.  So of course I'm responsible for the electricity, I'm responsible for everything, even the food. electricity, I'm responsible for everything, even the food. electricity, I'm responsible for everything, even the food. So they are always here.  So anyway So they are always here.  So anyway So they are always here.  So anyway this one is from Miss Den.  This has a smell and this one is from Miss Den.  This has a smell and this one is from Miss Den.  This has a smell and then he has an app that he checks then he has an app that he checks then he has an app that he checks every few minutes.  So every few minutes.  So every few minutes.  So aesthetic.  Seriously, it's like we're aesthetic.  Seriously, it's like we're aesthetic.  Seriously, it's like we're running a marathon, right?  The one in my breath. running a marathon, right?  The one in my breath. running a marathon, right?  The one in my breath. And then this one is our powder room. [music] So there, as you can see, [music] So there, as you can see, [music] So there, as you can see, there's M for mine.  Just leave it alone, there's M for mine.  Just leave it alone, there's M for mine.  Just leave it alone, sisters.  Not purple.  That's for Morada. And then this one is ours. You know And then this one is ours. You know And then this one is ours. You know that.  I don't need to that.  I don't need to that.  I don't need to explain anymore.  Oh, this one is from Bencab. explain anymore.  Oh, this one is from Bencab. explain anymore.  Oh, this one is from Bencab. Photography by Sir Bencab that Photography by Sir Bencab that Photography by Sir Bencab that we bought in Baguio when we visited.  And we bought in Baguio when we visited.  And we bought in Baguio when we visited.  And then you know, it's nice here that then you know, it's nice here that then you know, it's nice here that you have wet ones and then there's a you have wet ones and then there's a you have wet ones and then there's a toothbrush.  Or isn't it great? toothbrush.  Or isn't it great? toothbrush.  Or isn't it great? My wife doesn't know because it's like this above My wife doesn't know because it's like this above My wife doesn't know because it's like this above us.  He also knows that it can be opened. us.  He also knows that it can be opened. us.  He also knows that it can be opened. Why doesn't my husband know? Why doesn't my husband know? Why doesn't my husband know? Mikey has no idea what's going on in this Mikey has no idea what's going on in this Mikey has no idea what's going on in this house.  And then this one, house.  And then this one, house.  And then this one, oh this one.  I bought this in 2018. My oh this one.  I bought this in 2018. My oh this one.  I bought this in 2018. My sister and I did something.  My sister and I were dating. sister and I did something.  My sister and I were dating. sister and I did something.  My sister and I were dating. I said I would buy it.  One day I will put it I said I would buy it.  One day I will put it I said I would buy it.  One day I will put it in my powder room in my own house. in my powder room in my own house. in my powder room in my own house. And then finally, this is it. And then finally, this is it. And then finally, this is it. We now have our own house.  So thank you Lord.  And We now have our own house.  So thank you Lord.  And We now have our own house.  So thank you Lord.  And then you saw my then you saw my then you saw my hands.  Very social.  Asop.  This hands.  Very social.  Asop.  This hands.  Very social.  Asop.  This dog is going down. dog is going down. dog is going down. The smoke is gone.  Let others just retweet.  Asop. The smoke is gone.  Let others just retweet.  Asop. The smoke is gone.  Let others just retweet.  Asop. Maybe send it again.  Because I was given Maybe send it again.  Because I was given Maybe send it again.  Because I was given a false impression.  So that's social social a false impression.  So that's social social a false impression.  So that's social social .  So, do you know .  So, do you know .  So, do you know my favorite part? my favorite part? my favorite part? I'm so social that we have a powder room.  Because it used to be that there was only I'm so social that we have a powder room.  Because it used to be that there was only I'm so social that we have a powder room.  Because it used to be that there was only one toilet for one toilet for one toilet for everyone.  But wow, you'll know everyone.  But wow, you'll know everyone.  But wow, you'll know you've relaxed in life when you have a powder you've relaxed in life when you have a powder you've relaxed in life when you have a powder room.  Because you have a room to room.  Because you have a room to room.  Because you have a room to powder.  There's a speaker there too.  [laughter] powder.  There's a speaker there too.  [laughter] powder.  There's a speaker there too.  [laughter] Yes.  You can see this too.  Yes. Yes.  You can see this too.  Yes. Yes.  You can see this too.  Yes. We have a bit of a slab of whatnot here.  Pork We have a bit of a slab of whatnot here.  Pork We have a bit of a slab of whatnot here.  Pork chops.  So that's our powder.  I'm chops.  So that's our powder.  I'm chops.  So that's our powder.  I'm really really happy with my powder room really really happy with my powder room really really happy with my powder room because I thought about it too.  I because I thought about it too.  I because I thought about it too.  I looked for the tiles.  That's it.  Thank you looked for the tiles.  That's it.  Thank you looked for the tiles.  That's it.  Thank you powder for being such a good powder.  My powder for being such a good powder.  My powder for being such a good powder.  My floor.  Okay.  For a time, floor.  Okay.  For a time, floor.  Okay.  For a time, powder room became my favorite because I said, "Wow, the powder room became my favorite because I said, "Wow, the powder room became my favorite because I said, "Wow, the powder room is so beautiful. But for powder room is so beautiful. But for powder room is so beautiful. But for a time, powder became my problem."  You a time, powder became my problem."  You a time, powder became my problem."  You know why?  It's noisy.  Then this know why?  It's noisy.  Then this know why?  It's noisy.  Then this flooring of mine that flooring of mine that flooring of mine that Juray suggested is not allowed to be wet because Juray suggested is not allowed to be wet because Juray suggested is not allowed to be wet because we're giving off La vibes.  So we're giving off La vibes.  So we're giving off La vibes.  So what happened there?  That thing is getting darker and darker what happened there?  That thing is getting darker and darker what happened there?  That thing is getting darker and darker so it's starting to unravel again.  I'm so it's starting to unravel again.  I'm so it's starting to unravel again.  I'm just telling stories here as if I were just standing on the just telling stories here as if I were just standing on the just telling stories here as if I were just standing on the corner.  That corner.  That corner.  That also stressed me out a lot.  We don't need to also stressed me out a lot.  We don't need to also stressed me out a lot.  We don't need to re-strip the flooring that was soaked in re-strip the flooring that was soaked in re-strip the flooring that was soaked in this powder.  So for a time this powder.  So for a time this powder.  So for a time you were a nuisance to me.  But I really really you were a nuisance to me.  But I really really you were a nuisance to me.  But I really really like my powder room.  Okay, so this like my powder room.  Okay, so this like my powder room.  Okay, so this one is my floor.  This is Pergo one is my floor.  This is Pergo one is my floor.  This is Pergo Philippines.  You know we made the wrong Philippines.  You know we made the wrong Philippines.  You know we made the wrong decision because supposedly it should just be decision because supposedly it should just be decision because supposedly it should just be higher.  But because we really want higher.  But because we really want higher.  But because we really want our aim to have hairy bones and our aim to have hairy bones and our aim to have hairy bones and then LA vibes.  So we did it all over the then LA vibes.  So we did it all over the then LA vibes.  So we did it all over the house.  So when he reads something, it's a bit difficult house.  So when he reads something, it's a bit difficult house.  So when he reads something, it's a bit difficult .  But you know what's good in Pergo? .  But you know what's good in Pergo? .  But you know what's good in Pergo? Turns out they have other things to Turns out they have other things to Turns out they have other things to read too.  This is all we chose.  I don't read too.  This is all we chose.  I don't read too.  This is all we chose.  I don't know why know why know why we chose the one that can't be read.  But their after we chose the one that can't be read.  But their after we chose the one that can't be read.  But their after service is so nice.  So thank you very much service is so nice.  So thank you very much service is so nice.  So thank you very much to Pergo Philippines because every time to Pergo Philippines because every time to Pergo Philippines because every time something happens here with my flooring, something happens here with my flooring, something happens here with my flooring, they're always here and they're always they're always here and they're always they're always here and they're always very accommodating.  That's it.  Okay.  So very accommodating.  That's it.  Okay.  So very accommodating.  That's it.  Okay.  So this is my room.  My favorite part is also this is my room.  My favorite part is also this is my room.  My favorite part is also my favorite part.  [music] Yes.  Because we've Yes.  Because we've Yes.  Because we've been waiting for a house tour for a long time.  Do you know how long been waiting for a house tour for a long time.  Do you know how long been waiting for a house tour for a long time.  Do you know how long our house tour took because of our house tour took because of our house tour took because of this sofa?  Yes.  He was delayed by 5 this sofa?  Yes.  He was delayed by 5 this sofa?  Yes.  He was delayed by 5 months because a sofa arrived.   The one months because a sofa arrived.   The one months because a sofa arrived.   The one I got from Italy wasn't very good I got from Italy wasn't very good I got from Italy wasn't very good so I had to return it.  So now so I had to return it.  So now so I had to return it.  So now it's here.  This is the Pacifica and this it's here.  This is the Pacifica and this it's here.  This is the Pacifica and this is all from Patricia Arquola.  Or not? is all from Patricia Arquola.  Or not? is all from Patricia Arquola.  Or not? That's when we feel like we're AD.  This is That's when we feel like we're AD.  This is That's when we feel like we're AD.  This is from Patricia Arola and from Casabella. from Patricia Arola and from Casabella. from Patricia Arola and from Casabella. So there I am so so happy.  That's one of So there I am so so happy.  That's one of So there I am so so happy.  That's one of my non-negotiables when my non-negotiables when my non-negotiables when we're doing this house.  It's just being torn down we're doing this house.  It's just being torn down we're doing this house.  It's just being torn down .  I knew from the start that I would buy .  I knew from the start that I would buy .  I knew from the start that I would buy a sofa from Casabella.  I a sofa from Casabella.  I a sofa from Casabella.  I really like Patricia Arquola.  This is really like Patricia Arquola.  This is really like Patricia Arquola.  This is the Gogan sofa and that is Pacifica.  I the Gogan sofa and that is Pacifica.  I the Gogan sofa and that is Pacifica.  I know Patricia Arcola.  You know Miss know Patricia Arcola.  You know Miss know Patricia Arcola.  You know Miss Patricia Arcola if you're watching, Patricia Arcola if you're watching, Patricia Arcola if you're watching, comment down below.  F. Patricia Archola always catches me comment down below.  F. Patricia Archola always catches me comment down below.  F. Patricia Archola always catches me because Patricia because Patricia because Patricia Arola is the designer. Arola is the designer. Arola is the designer. Miss Karen Davila and Miss Karen Davila and Miss Karen Davila and Lizy taught me that furniture [music] is Lizy taught me that furniture [music] is Lizy taught me that furniture [music] is also in an artist's home.  So if you also in an artist's home.  So if you also in an artist's home.  So if you want to invest on want to invest on want to invest on good house [music] and good furniture, good house [music] and good furniture, good house [music] and good furniture, invest.  If you want to invest.  If you want to invest.  If you want to make a statement, you can invest in make a statement, you can invest in make a statement, you can invest in good furniture.  That's it.  So why is good furniture.  That's it.  So why is good furniture.  That's it.  So why is Patricia Arola catching up with me?  So I know Patricia Arola catching up with me?  So I know Patricia Arola catching up with me?  So I know that Patricia Arola is quite expensive that Patricia Arola is quite expensive that Patricia Arola is quite expensive because her designs are beautiful because her designs are beautiful because her designs are beautiful and she's quite popular no matter where I and she's quite popular no matter where I and she's quite popular no matter where I shop.  This is beautiful.  Where is this?  Ah, shop.  This is beautiful.  Where is this?  Ah, shop.  This is beautiful.  Where is this?  Ah, designed by Patricia.  Oh, it turns out that designed by Patricia.  Oh, it turns out that designed by Patricia.  Oh, it turns out that Patricia Ar is really following me.  Everything that Patricia Ar is really following me.  Everything that Patricia Ar is really following me.  Everything that my eyes like is really my eyes like is really my eyes like is really his design.  So Patricia if you're packing if his design.  So Patricia if you're packing if his design.  So Patricia if you're packing if you're watching.  Seriously hacked. you're watching.  Seriously hacked. you're watching.  Seriously hacked. I'm so impressed with the I'm so impressed with the I'm so impressed with the designs of Miss Patricia designs of Miss Patricia designs of Miss Patricia Artiola that I can type them out. Let's rest first.  Maybe Let's rest first.  Maybe Let's rest first.  Maybe Patricia Artiola will understand. Patricia Artiola will understand. Patricia Artiola will understand. Okay.  And then this one, Okay.  And then this one, Okay.  And then this one, Cassabella gave me, is a chess set that Cassabella gave me, is a chess set that Cassabella gave me, is a chess set that I hide every time Poly is here because I hide every time Poly is here because I hide every time Poly is here because the kid plays with it.  Everything is just scratch and the kid plays with it.  Everything is just scratch and the kid plays with it.  Everything is just scratch and scratch.  He's acting like he's scratch.  He's acting like he's scratch.  He's acting like he's jackstone or something.  And then this one jackstone or something.  And then this one jackstone or something.  And then this one gift to me.  And then this one.  All gift to me.  And then this one.  All gift to me.  And then this one.  All my flowers are from ginger styling. my flowers are from ginger styling. my flowers are from ginger styling. Thank you very much, Ginger.  And then as Thank you very much, Ginger.  And then as Thank you very much, Ginger.  And then as you can see, of course, we put our you can see, of course, we put our you can see, of course, we put our parents here because it's because of parents here because it's because of parents here because it's because of with the help of our parents, they are the with the help of our parents, they are the with the help of our parents, they are the Lord's blessing to us.  That's why we were Lord's blessing to us.  That's why we were Lord's blessing to us.  That's why we were able to build this house.  That's them. able to build this house.  That's them. able to build this house.  That's them. Then of course this is our wedding.  Then Then of course this is our wedding.  Then Then of course this is our wedding.  Then I told mommy, "Mommy, I need I told mommy, "Mommy, I need I told mommy, "Mommy, I need to change this because of course when to change this because of course when to change this because of course when the baby comes, he needs to be there. the baby comes, he needs to be there. the baby comes, he needs to be there. Mommy was angry, why change it? Well, Mommy was angry, why change it? Well, Mommy was angry, why change it? Well, you can add something like that."  So you can add something like that."  So you can add something like that."  So he wants to look like he's here, he wants to look like he's here, he wants to look like he's here, he's stapled.  So what happens is he's stapled.  So what happens is he's stapled.  So what happens is I'll just delete them here and then I'll just delete them here and then I'll just delete them here and then I'll just put the picture of I'll just put the picture of I'll just put the picture of my future child.  And then this one is my future child.  And then this one is my future child.  And then this one is an olive tree.  This is from Napavalle, but it is still an olive tree.  This is from Napavalle, but it is still an olive tree.  This is from Napavalle, but it is still called Sinal.  We even flew it called Sinal.  We even flew it called Sinal.  We even flew it because we are from Napa-Vali, [ __ ] from as because we are from Napa-Vali, [ __ ] from as because we are from Napa-Vali, [ __ ] from as California from San Francis.  So it's just like, California from San Francis.  So it's just like, California from San Francis.  So it's just like, sometimes sometimes sometimes I like to use olive oil.  So it seems like sometimes it's I like to use olive oil.  So it seems like sometimes it's I like to use olive oil.  So it seems like sometimes it's not just plastic, it's not just plastic, it's not just plastic, it's And then this And then this And then this one from Larry's curtain.  They gave one from Larry's curtain.  They gave one from Larry's curtain.  They gave this to me so I could have a little this to me so I could have a little this to me so I could have a little design.  And then design.  And then design.  And then you do it. you do it. you do it. Many people are complaining about why this is Many people are complaining about why this is Many people are complaining about why this is happening.  We're Parry style, aren't we? happening.  We're Parry style, aren't we? happening.  We're Parry style, aren't we? From LA Vibes to Parisian style.  They said From LA Vibes to Parisian style.  They said From LA Vibes to Parisian style.  They said you'll regret it, you bastard, but there's you'll regret it, you bastard, but there's you'll regret it, you bastard, but there's nothing we can do about it.  I've done it nothing we can do about it.  I've done it nothing we can do about it.  I've done it .  It's over.  There's nothing we .  It's over.  There's nothing we .  It's over.  There's nothing we can do about it.  So this from Larry's can do about it.  So this from Larry's can do about it.  So this from Larry's curtain.  And then of course, are you there? curtain.  And then of course, are you there? curtain.  And then of course, are you there? Yes, okay.  Why do I have a tree here?  It's like Yes, okay.  Why do I have a tree here?  It's like Yes, okay.  Why do I have a tree here?  It's like those who those who those who garden among us are building a highway.  Why are garden among us are building a highway.  Why are garden among us are building a highway.  Why are there trees in the middle?  Anyway, okra. there trees in the middle?  Anyway, okra. there trees in the middle?  Anyway, okra. They're planting here in the back. They're planting here in the back. They're planting here in the back. They turned our side garden into farming.   It's They turned our side garden into farming.   It's They turned our side garden into farming.   It's okay.  Why is the okra cut in the middle okay.  Why is the okra cut in the middle okay.  Why is the okra cut in the middle ?  At least some lemon juice. ?  At least some lemon juice. ?  At least some lemon juice. We also have the lime there.  So We also have the lime there.  So We also have the lime there.  So anyway, this one is this.  This is no anyway, this one is this.  This is no anyway, this one is this.  This is no Gucci either.  I saw this on Ach Liz. Gucci either.  I saw this on Ach Liz. Gucci either.  I saw this on Ach Liz. Hey, this is from Japan.  Acari.  Acari Hey, this is from Japan.  Acari.  Acari Hey, this is from Japan.  Acari.  Acari lamps by NoGucci.  The funny thing about this is that lamps by NoGucci.  The funny thing about this is that lamps by NoGucci.  The funny thing about this is that you'll really laugh because he's just a piece of paper you'll really laugh because he's just a piece of paper you'll really laugh because he's just a piece of paper .  So he was delivered.  He's a bit .  So he was delivered.  He's a bit .  So he was delivered.  He's a bit expensive.  So he was delivered, expensive.  So he was delivered, expensive.  So he was delivered, he was put in a box.  Mom, he was put in a box.  Mom, he was put in a box.  Mom, I'm in the states.  Where am I? I'm in the states.  Where am I? I'm in the states.  Where am I? Am I in Europe?  It's already done. Am I in Europe?  It's already done. Am I in Europe?  It's already done. Played.  I'll clean everything up. Played.  I'll clean everything up. Played.  I'll clean everything up. Thrown away.  The box was thrown away along with what Thrown away.  The box was thrown away along with what Thrown away.  The box was thrown away along with what we had been looking for.  Nothing really.   Luckily, we had been looking for.  Nothing really.   Luckily, we had been looking for.  Nothing really.   Luckily, my supplier is good.  Blank my supplier is good.  Blank my supplier is good.  Blank Studios.  Blank Studios is nice. Studios.  Blank Studios is nice. Studios.  Blank Studios is nice. He said, "Oh, okay, Miss Alex." He said, "Oh, okay, Miss Alex." He said, "Oh, okay, Miss Alex." I said because they are gone. I said because they are gone. I said because they are gone. Just take this.  This stand of mine makes me feel bad Just take this.  This stand of mine makes me feel bad Just take this.  This stand of mine makes me feel bad that it's that it's that it's really gone bad.  He said, "No, really gone bad.  He said, "No, really gone bad.  He said, "No, okay, we'll just give you 50%. Let's just okay, we'll just give you 50%. Let's just okay, we'll just give you 50%. Let's just split it so split it so split it so you can have Gucci Lam again."  So that's it, that's what it is you can have Gucci Lam again."  So that's it, that's what it is you can have Gucci Lam again."  So that's it, that's what it is .  Mommy Pinty threw something that was .  Mommy Pinty threw something that was .  Mommy Pinty threw something that was not funny. not funny. not funny. You're going to break this.  Here.  Yes.  You know, You're going to break this.  Here.  Yes.  You know, You're going to break this.  Here.  Yes.  You know, I was scared because I was scared because I was scared because the house tour might have to stop later because someone was making a noise. the house tour might have to stop later because someone was making a noise. the house tour might have to stop later because someone was making a noise. Okay.  Bost drinks first. Okay.  Bost drinks first. Okay.  Bost drinks first. So I'm proud of this painting So I'm proud of this painting So I'm proud of this painting because we actually bought it from the because we actually bought it from the because we actually bought it from the artist himself at his house.  He really artist himself at his house.  He really artist himself at his house.  He really gave it to us.  He even gave a gave it to us.  He even gave a gave it to us.  He even gave a dedication to Sir Galicano.  I don't dedication to Sir Galicano.  I don't dedication to Sir Galicano.  I don't know.  He said, "Mulong and I will meet know.  He said, "Mulong and I will meet know.  He said, "Mulong and I will meet ."  If I say, "Who is Mulong?" ."  If I say, "Who is Mulong?" My art dealer said [laughter], "Miss Alex, that's My art dealer said [laughter], "Miss Alex, that's My art dealer said [laughter], "Miss Alex, that's Galicano."  Oh no, sorry, I don't Galicano."  Oh no, sorry, I don't Galicano."  Oh no, sorry, I don't know much.  We are not on a first know much.  We are not on a first know much.  We are not on a first name basis and we are not on a nickname basis. name basis and we are not on a nickname basis. name basis and we are not on a nickname basis. Tell me, sir, how is it?  But if it's Tell me, sir, how is it?  But if it's Tell me, sir, how is it?  But if it's mumbling, then it's Sir Mulong, but mumbling, then it's Sir Mulong, but mumbling, then it's Sir Mulong, but now we're close.  Hello, how are now we're close.  Hello, how are now we're close.  Hello, how are you?  He himself gave it to me. you?  He himself gave it to me. you?  He himself gave it to me. I'll insert the picture I'll insert the picture I'll insert the picture we actually took.  I said I'd give you we actually took.  I said I'd give you we actually took.  I said I'd give you a good spot in my house.  So a good spot in my house.  So a good spot in my house.  So he said okay.  Because he really did he said okay.  Because he really did he said okay.  Because he really did that.  It feels like he's really finished for that.  It feels like he's really finished for that.  It feels like he's really finished for me.  So, thank you very much, Mr.  Galician. me.  So, thank you very much, Mr.  Galician. me.  So, thank you very much, Mr.  Galician. But of course, three gives.  This.  This is But of course, three gives.  This.  This is But of course, three gives.  This.  This is our bench.  This is the our bench.  This is the our bench.  This is the casino.  Okay.  This is also from Casino. casino.  Okay.  This is also from Casino. casino.  Okay.  This is also from Casino. These are the sofa, dining room, and These are the sofa, dining room, and These are the sofa, dining room, and my refrigerator.  Besides, what's mine?  That's what my refrigerator.  Besides, what's mine?  That's what my refrigerator.  Besides, what's mine?  That's what I said, we're going to spend a lot of money I said, we're going to spend a lot of money I said, we're going to spend a lot of money because that's what because that's what because that's what I've been expecting in my head that I want to have I've been expecting in my head that I want to have I've been expecting in my head that I want to have .  So this is the complex that is not a .  So this is the complex that is not a .  So this is the complex that is not a comp.  Capital bench.  Capital complex comp.  Capital bench.  Capital complex comp.  Capital bench.  Capital complex cheer is the name, isn't it, what is this civil cheer is the name, isn't it, what is this civil cheer is the name, isn't it, what is this civil bench for civil civil cases?  If bench for civil civil cases?  If bench for civil civil cases?  If you wait for the results of civil cases, you wait for the results of civil cases, you wait for the results of civil cases, you will sit here in civil court.  Many people you will sit here in civil court.  Many people you will sit here in civil court.  Many people inspired this, but the designer is inspired this, but the designer is inspired this, but the designer is Pure Janette.  So I really think Pure Janette.  So I really think Pure Janette.  So I really think we need to get it.  But we need to get it.  But we need to get it.  But of course I didn't get the one of course I didn't get the one of course I didn't get the one he actually designed because there are more he actually designed because there are more he actually designed because there are more expensive vintage pieces that expensive vintage pieces that expensive vintage pieces that he made himself.  I'm not that he made himself.  I'm not that he made himself.  I'm not that rich.  Okay.  So this one is our TV rich.  Okay.  So this one is our TV rich.  Okay.  So this one is our TV room. This is our TV room. This is our TV room. This is our TV room. My wife always hangs out here.  This is where My wife always hangs out here.  This is where My wife always hangs out here.  This is where Cevy and Kuya Paul hang out while they Cevy and Kuya Paul hang out while they Cevy and Kuya Paul hang out while they play PlayStation.  I hid the play PlayStation.  I hid the play PlayStation.  I hid the PlayStation because he was out of sight.  But is that PlayStation because he was out of sight.  But is that PlayStation because he was out of sight.  But is that the PlayStation?  This is my finished the PlayStation?  This is my finished the PlayStation?  This is my finished cabinet, all my cabinets, cabinet tree, cabinet, all my cabinets, cabinet tree, cabinet, all my cabinets, cabinet tree, all my modular cabinets are from Bron all my modular cabinets are from Bron all my modular cabinets are from Bron Work.  They are also very good. Work.  They are also very good. Work.  They are also very good. The owner is very kind and then The owner is very kind and then The owner is very kind and then their after-service is also great, if you have a their after-service is also great, if you have a their after-service is also great, if you have a problem, they will send the staff to come immediately problem, they will send the staff to come immediately problem, they will send the staff to come immediately .  So that's all.  So you can .  So that's all.  So you can .  So that's all.  So you can choose if it's Solihia, if it's American choose if it's Solihia, if it's American choose if it's Solihia, if it's American Style, as long as all my modular cabinets are Style, as long as all my modular cabinets are Style, as long as all my modular cabinets are all from Bronwork.  So thank all from Bronwork.  So thank all from Bronwork.  So thank you so much Bronwork for giving me the you so much Bronwork for giving me the you so much Bronwork for giving me the best deal and discount.  That's all. best deal and discount.  That's all. best deal and discount.  That's all. And of course the And of course the And of course the prank is still here. prank is still here. prank is still here. Next to the Bible.  Why did we put it there? Next to the Bible.  Why did we put it there? Next to the Bible.  Why did we put it there? Remember, this is the one who fought against Adam Remember, this is the one who fought against Adam Remember, this is the one who fought against Adam and Eve.  So we stick to the Bible. and Eve.  So we stick to the Bible. and Eve.  So we stick to the Bible. The creation with the enemy.  Okay. The creation with the enemy.  Okay. The creation with the enemy.  Okay. Our house [sings] is Our house [sings] is Our house [sings] is small small small but but but but but but this but but but but but but this but but but but but but this [sings] is fast [sings] is fast [sings] is fast .  I got the lyrics wrong.  My baby, my .  I got the lyrics wrong.  My baby, my .  I got the lyrics wrong.  My baby, my baby.  I hear it on TikTok.  Can't take baby.  I hear it on TikTok.  Can't take baby.  I hear it on TikTok.  Can't take my eyes [singing][music] my eyes [singing][music] my eyes [singing][music] off you.   You are you off you.   You are you Look at this, Look at this, Look at this, my friends, because if you haven't seen the meet your my friends, because if you haven't seen the meet your my friends, because if you haven't seen the meet your garden of Yakua garden of Yakua garden of Yakua Pirated [music], I can't use it anymore.   There are Pirated [music], I can't use it anymore.   There are Pirated [music], I can't use it anymore.   There are no DVD players anymore, guys. no DVD players anymore, guys. no DVD players anymore, guys. Especially since PlayStation no longer accepts it Especially since PlayStation no longer accepts it Especially since PlayStation no longer accepts it .  So anyway, this one .  So anyway, this one .  So anyway, this one is a gift from Mom Chi and Dada. is a gift from Mom Chi and Dada. is a gift from Mom Chi and Dada. My in-laws gave me their birthday gift.   Is it My in-laws gave me their birthday gift.   Is it My in-laws gave me their birthday gift.   Is it beautiful?  White.  So this is from beautiful?  White.  So this is from beautiful?  White.  So this is from Kenneth Coponp.  This was their birthday gift to Kenneth Coponp.  This was their birthday gift to Kenneth Coponp.  This was their birthday gift to me last year.  Maybe it's like last me last year.  Maybe it's like last me last year.  Maybe it's like last year, you know year, you know year, you know we went through a lot.  So that's their gift we went through a lot.  So that's their gift we went through a lot.  So that's their gift to me.  Then, as you can see, to me.  Then, as you can see, to me.  Then, as you can see, Napoli is already cutting back on pickup Napoli is already cutting back on pickup Napoli is already cutting back on pickup sticks.  I saw Napoli making sticks.  I saw Napoli making sticks.  I saw Napoli making pickup sticks for the kids. pickup sticks for the kids. pickup sticks for the kids. I see it in their bag.  I don't I see it in their bag.  I don't I see it in their bag.  I don't know if this is lacking anything, but it's comfortable to know if this is lacking anything, but it's comfortable to know if this is lacking anything, but it's comfortable to sit on.  But that's definitely not enough, there should be sit on.  But that's definitely not enough, there should be sit on.  But that's definitely not enough, there should be more, there are already about 10 missing, that's more, there are already about 10 missing, that's more, there are already about 10 missing, that's five.  Oh my, you'll just have to adjust five.  Oh my, you'll just have to adjust five.  Oh my, you'll just have to adjust to your nephews.  So anyway, to your nephews.  So anyway, to your nephews.  So anyway, another ucci.  This is what we saved [music] another ucci.  This is what we saved [music] another ucci.  This is what we saved [music] .  I bought this because it .  I bought this because it .  I bought this because it represented my th represented my th represented my th Oh, how many months are you, sis?  Ah, Oh, how many months are you, sis?  Ah, Oh, how many months are you, sis?  Ah, we are the same.  You're welcome, sis.  Okay, that's what we are the same.  You're welcome, sis.  Okay, that's what we are the same.  You're welcome, sis.  Okay, that's what we have from Antique. we have from Antique. we have from Antique. I even ordered it from Antique.  One of I even ordered it from Antique.  One of I even ordered it from Antique.  One of my favorite parts when you enter my favorite parts when you enter my favorite parts when you enter the house from here is the first thing you the house from here is the first thing you the house from here is the first thing you see are the arches.  Of course there is an arc see are the arches.  Of course there is an arc see are the arches.  Of course there is an arc here.  Whoops.  You said here.  Whoops.  You said here.  Whoops.  You said our house looks like a church, but you didn't get the our house looks like a church, but you didn't get the our house looks like a church, but you didn't get the point because I like point because I like point because I like arches.  So there's an arc there.  And arches.  So there's an arc there.  And arches.  So there's an arc there.  And then from the front door you will then from the front door you will then from the front door you will immediately see this one.  My favorite part immediately see this one.  My favorite part immediately see this one.  My favorite part too.  All of them are my favorite parts. too.  All of them are my favorite parts. too.  All of them are my favorite parts. Of course, this is my house.  I designed Of course, this is my house.  I designed Of course, this is my house.  I designed that.  This is Court that.  This is Court that.  This is Court Kardashian's style.  Oh, did you see Kardashian's style.  Oh, did you see Kardashian's style.  Oh, did you see that arch?  That's one of that arch?  That's one of that arch?  That's one of my favorite things about our house because I saw it my favorite things about our house because I saw it my favorite things about our house because I saw it on Cory Kardashian.  When I was watching on Cory Kardashian.  When I was watching on Cory Kardashian.  When I was watching Keeping Up with the Kardashians. Keeping Up with the Kardashians. Keeping Up with the Kardashians. I'm just a child.  I've never met I'm just a child.  I've never met I'm just a child.  I've never met Mikey.  Deep down inside me.  It's beautiful Mikey.  Deep down inside me.  It's beautiful Mikey.  Deep down inside me.  It's beautiful in a house where your windows are not in a house where your windows are not in a house where your windows are not rectangles, not squares, but round arcs. rectangles, not squares, but round arcs. rectangles, not squares, but round arcs. That's it.  And then we aimed because of That's it.  And then we aimed because of That's it.  And then we aimed because of this. this. this. My LA vibe is My LA vibe is My LA vibe is really nice.  All my arcs, really nice.  All my arcs, really nice.  All my arcs, glasses and doors.  All from glass boxes. glasses and doors.  All from glass boxes. glasses and doors.  All from glass boxes. All my windows are arcs there so All my windows are arcs there so All my windows are arcs there so you can see how beautiful they are.  Glass Box you can see how beautiful they are.  Glass Box you can see how beautiful they are.  Glass Box Philippines.  You know, when it comes to Philippines.  You know, when it comes to Philippines.  You know, when it comes to quality, you really need to think about quality, you really need to think about quality, you really need to think about the things that are really important for the things that are really important for the things that are really important for you to spend money on.  Personally, because you to spend money on.  Personally, because you to spend money on.  Personally, because this is one of the things that is truly this is one of the things that is truly this is one of the things that is truly non-negotiable for me with Architect. non-negotiable for me with Architect. non-negotiable for me with Architect. Architect Burn, I really wanted to Architect Burn, I really wanted to Architect Burn, I really wanted to see only arcs in my house.  So I knew see only arcs in my house.  So I knew see only arcs in my house.  So I knew from the start that I would have to pay for from the start that I would have to pay for from the start that I would have to pay for the windows that would cover the the windows that would cover the the windows that would cover the arc and the glass doors that would be attached arc and the glass doors that would be attached arc and the glass doors that would be attached to the arc.  So I chose glass boxes because they are the ones that to the arc.  So I chose glass boxes because they are the ones that to the arc.  So I chose glass boxes because they are the ones that can actually eat this slime. can actually eat this slime. can actually eat this slime. and really good quality.  So and really good quality.  So and really good quality.  So there's a net up there.  Actually, there should be a net for there's a net up there.  Actually, there should be a net for there's a net up there.  Actually, there should be a net for all of this.  There is a screen.  When I saw it, all of this.  There is a screen.  When I saw it, all of this.  There is a screen.  When I saw it, I said, "Sorry, sorry, no, I said, "Sorry, sorry, no, I said, "Sorry, sorry, no, we're losing that problem again." we're losing that problem again." we're losing that problem again." Tessy girl acted again.  I said it Tessy girl acted again.  I said it Tessy girl acted again.  I said it seems like we can't achieve what seems like we can't achieve what seems like we can't achieve what Cordne Kardashian has because it seems like there's nothing. Cordne Kardashian has because it seems like there's nothing. Cordne Kardashian has because it seems like there's nothing. Lex said it was soft.  It's beautiful. Lex said it was soft.  It's beautiful. Lex said it was soft.  It's beautiful. Please.  It's okay, as long as Please.  It's okay, as long as Please.  It's okay, as long as we keep the look I want.  So we keep the look I want.  So we keep the look I want.  So they removed everything, they removed everything, they removed everything, reordered, realigned.  They're all from the reordered, realigned.  They're all from the reordered, realigned.  They're all from the states because I know, they're all from states because I know, they're all from states because I know, they're all from the states.  Then the first time we the states.  Then the first time we the states.  Then the first time we opened it, when we opened it, opened it, when we opened it, opened it, when we opened it, we were in construction, there were we were in construction, there were we were in construction, there were flies.  Mom just looked at me.  Oh flies.  Mom just looked at me.  Oh flies.  Mom just looked at me.  Oh , there's a fly. , there's a fly. , there's a fly. I said, "I'm okay." I said, "I'm okay." I said, "I'm okay." If there's a fly, it's part of the house. If there's a fly, it's part of the house. If there's a fly, it's part of the house. I'm a little disappointed because there's no screen I'm a little disappointed because there's no screen I'm a little disappointed because there's no screen yet.  We have achieved it.  How are you doing yet.  We have achieved it.  How are you doing yet.  We have achieved it.  How are you doing there?  What's going on, [whispering] there?  What's going on, [whispering] there?  What's going on, [whispering] Mare?  And then, Alexa, play music Mare?  And then, Alexa, play music Mare?  And then, Alexa, play music because we have because we have because we have Mommy Pintiaan's indoor farts.  Do we have Mommy Pintiaan's indoor farts.  Do we have Mommy Pintiaan's indoor farts.  Do we have speakers here?  Oh, how beautiful.  Go away, speakers here?  Oh, how beautiful.  Go away, speakers here?  Oh, how beautiful.  Go away, guys.  I'm just going to get dressed.  Oh, this is guys.  I'm just going to get dressed.  Oh, this is guys.  I'm just going to get dressed.  Oh, this is glass too.  You will see me. glass too.  You will see me. glass too.  You will see me. 'Right?  So now you see there are 'Right?  So now you see there are 'Right?  So now you see there are speakers there.  We also have indoor speakers there.  We also have indoor speakers there.  We also have indoor speakers that Mommy Pinty is making fun of.  It was a gift speakers that Mommy Pinty is making fun of.  It was a gift speakers that Mommy Pinty is making fun of.  It was a gift from Mommy Pinty.  But from Mommy Pinty.  But from Mommy Pinty.  But I saw that when he was charging, he cut I saw that when he was charging, he cut I saw that when he was charging, he cut me off.  He charged.  At first me off.  He charged.  At first me off.  He charged.  At first he said it was my gift to you, son. he said it was my gift to you, son. he said it was my gift to you, son. You'll have speakers inside and outside so You'll have speakers inside and outside so You'll have speakers inside and outside so you'll look really flashy.  Why is it that every end is you'll look really flashy.  Why is it that every end is you'll look really flashy.  Why is it that every end is cut off?  So Alexa plays music.  What? cut off?  So Alexa plays music.  What? cut off?  So Alexa plays music.  What? Oh, holy forever.  Okay, stop Alexa, Oh, holy forever.  Okay, stop Alexa, Oh, holy forever.  Okay, stop Alexa, stop music.  Okay. stop music.  Okay. stop music.  Okay. His soft music fits my dance.  Holy forever. His soft music fits my dance.  Holy forever. His soft music fits my dance.  Holy forever. Because every morning they play Because every morning they play Because every morning they play music.  Jen surprised me last night. music.  Jen surprised me last night. music.  Jen surprised me last night. The noise here.  I saw, "Alexa, stop The noise here.  I saw, "Alexa, stop The noise here.  I saw, "Alexa, stop music."  Do they also praise and worship music."  Do they also praise and worship music."  Do they also praise and worship ?  But which is nice.  So that's probably ?  But which is nice.  So that's probably ?  But which is nice.  So that's probably while they were cleaning.  And then this is while they were cleaning.  And then this is while they were cleaning.  And then this is our other arc.  Supposedly there our other arc.  Supposedly there our other arc.  Supposedly there should be some art here, but should be some art here, but should be some art here, but daddy said, "Son, your house will be too crowded." daddy said, "Son, your house will be too crowded." daddy said, "Son, your house will be too crowded." I said, daddy, that's Kim.  That's Kim I said, daddy, that's Kim.  That's Kim I said, daddy, that's Kim.  That's Kim Kardashian.  He said, " Kardashian.  He said, " Kardashian.  He said, " Kim's house is bigger than yours."  Oh.  Is that so Kim's house is bigger than yours."  Oh.  Is that so Kim's house is bigger than yours."  Oh.  Is that so ?  Okay.  So, sorry.  Sorry, daddy, if ?  Okay.  So, sorry.  Sorry, daddy, if ?  Okay.  So, sorry.  Sorry, daddy, if I was too ambitious.  So this is I was too ambitious.  So this is I was too ambitious.  So this is my dining the Pierre Generet Capital Complex the Pierre Generet Capital Complex the Pierre Generet Capital Complex dining and 12 pieces.  Oh, it's not just 10, it's dining and 12 pieces.  Oh, it's not just 10, it's dining and 12 pieces.  Oh, it's not just 10, it's 10 packs of chairs 10 packs of chairs 10 packs of chairs .  So there was one time when .  So there was one time when .  So there was one time when I told Mikey that maybe he could sell I told Mikey that maybe he could sell I told Mikey that maybe he could sell his other kidney first so his other kidney first so his other kidney first so he could afford it. he could afford it. he could afford it. Then when we went to the doctor, they Then when we went to the doctor, they Then when we went to the doctor, they didn't accept us because the creatinine was a bit high didn't accept us because the creatinine was a bit high didn't accept us because the creatinine was a bit high .  Luckily, he was patient and went .  Luckily, he was patient and went .  Luckily, he was patient and went down.  Why am I mentioning this? down.  Why am I mentioning this? down.  Why am I mentioning this? Court of Kardasia again. Court of Kardasia again. Court of Kardasia again. You'll search for that again.  We will search. You'll search for that again.  We will search. You'll search for that again.  We will search. I saw it, but it looks like Cor's I saw it, but it looks like Cor's I saw it, but it looks like Cor's vintage one is his.  As for me, it's the same vintage one is his.  As for me, it's the same vintage one is his.  As for me, it's the same designer, same company.  So it's designer, same company.  So it's designer, same company.  So it's still original.  But do still original.  But do still original.  But do you see many, many, many chairs like this you see many, many, many chairs like this you see many, many, many chairs like this that are inspired?  The original of that is that are inspired?  The original of that is that are inspired?  The original of that is Pure Generet.  So that's it for us.  So why Pure Generet.  So that's it for us.  So why Pure Generet.  So that's it for us.  So why just this? just this? just this? I only put arm rests on the two capitals. I only put arm rests on the two capitals. I only put arm rests on the two capitals. Mom wonders if the price of a simple thing is cheaper Mom wonders if the price of a simple thing is cheaper Mom wonders if the price of a simple thing is cheaper than not.  I said, "Mommy, you'll buy than not.  I said, "Mommy, you'll buy than not.  I said, "Mommy, you'll buy that. Do you want just two chairs? It's that. Do you want just two chairs? It's that. Do you want just two chairs? It's just Mikey and me. You won't have any more just Mikey and me. You won't have any more just Mikey and me. You won't have any more seats. What are you doing? Are seats. What are you doing? Are seats. What are you doing? Are you Euratex monoblocks or what? You don't have arm you Euratex monoblocks or what? You don't have arm you Euratex monoblocks or what? You don't have arm rests."  So he said, "Okay, rests."  So he said, "Okay, rests."  So he said, "Okay, just order it without the arm rest if it's more just order it without the arm rest if it's more just order it without the arm rest if it's more expensive."  So that's the simple reason expensive."  So that's the simple reason expensive."  So that's the simple reason .  And then we also dine.  Oh, right .  And then we also dine.  Oh, right .  And then we also dine.  Oh, right ?  It's a trend among Italians.  Because it's Italian ?  It's a trend among Italians.  Because it's Italian ?  It's a trend among Italians.  Because it's Italian .  Their dining set is low .  Their dining set is low .  Their dining set is low and there are no glasses.  So it's a good thing and there are no glasses.  So it's a good thing and there are no glasses.  So it's a good thing Hopo is beautiful.  They also have Hopo is beautiful.  They also have Hopo is beautiful.  They also have tinted glass that looks like it can tinted glass that looks like it can tinted glass that looks like it can fade.  So, this is from Hopo also fade.  So, this is from Hopo also fade.  So, this is from Hopo also because of course the wood is a waste.  Pretend to because of course the wood is a waste.  Pretend to because of course the wood is a waste.  Pretend to always be readable, always accessible.  So always be readable, always accessible.  So always be readable, always accessible.  So I put a glass from Hupo on it.  And the I put a glass from Hupo on it.  And the I put a glass from Hupo on it.  And the rest is history.   I ca rest is history.   I ca rest is history.   I ca n't say anything about Casabella's after-sales service n't say anything about Casabella's after-sales service n't say anything about Casabella's after-sales service .  Absolutely the best.  At the same .  Absolutely the best.  At the same .  Absolutely the best.  At the same time, there are always Christmas gifts.   No matter time, there are always Christmas gifts.   No matter time, there are always Christmas gifts.   No matter what you buy, what you buy, their service doesn't end there.  Right after how to take care of their service doesn't end there.  Right after how to take care of their service doesn't end there.  Right after how to take care of it, how to clean it, they will really it, how to clean it, they will really it, how to clean it, they will really help you.  And when damaged, they will help you.  And when damaged, they will help you.  And when damaged, they will really help you.  Sometimes they even have a warranty really help you.  Sometimes they even have a warranty really help you.  Sometimes they even have a warranty .  The people of Casabelas are very kind .  The people of Casabelas are very kind .  The people of Casabelas are very kind .  Okay.  So, as you can see, no, .  Okay.  So, as you can see, no, .  Okay.  So, as you can see, no, what you're noticing here in my what you're noticing here in my what you're noticing here in my house, even in my living room, is that supposedly house, even in my living room, is that supposedly house, even in my living room, is that supposedly we don't have air conditioning here.  But we don't have air conditioning here.  But we don't have air conditioning here.  But supposedly there should be a tower here.  Here supposedly there should be a tower here.  Here supposedly there should be a tower here.  Here there is a tower, here there is a tower.  But there is a tower, here there is a tower.  But there is a tower, here there is a tower.  But we saw it, we said, hm.  It seems like you won't be able to we saw it, we said, hm.  It seems like you won't be able to we saw it, we said, hm.  It seems like you won't be able to do anything else with him.  So do anything else with him.  So do anything else with him.  So I said, "Mommy, maybe the green one is I said, "Mommy, maybe the green one is I said, "Mommy, maybe the green one is centralized."  Gree can do it. centralized."  Gree can do it. centralized."  Gree can do it. I sold too much.  That's it.  So, all of I sold too much.  That's it.  So, all of I sold too much.  That's it.  So, all of our downstairs areas don't have air conditioning, as our downstairs areas don't have air conditioning, as our downstairs areas don't have air conditioning, as you can see, we only have air conditioning vents you can see, we only have air conditioning vents you can see, we only have air conditioning vents on the ceiling.  All of that is from on the ceiling.  All of that is from on the ceiling.  All of that is from Gree, the best thing about Gree, the Gree, the best thing about Gree, the Gree, the best thing about Gree, the mommy pinty here is so cold.  Especially when it's getting late mommy pinty here is so cold.  Especially when it's getting late mommy pinty here is so cold.  Especially when it's getting late .  It was really a super .  It was really a super .  It was really a super comforter while here at the dining room because comforter while here at the dining room because comforter while here at the dining room because the gree was super cold and the the gree was super cold and the the gree was super cold and the after service of grief was also really good so after service of grief was also really good so after service of grief was also really good so when something happened, when something happened, when something happened, they were always there for cleaning, so they were always there for cleaning, so they were always there for cleaning, so thank you very much to gre because thank you very much to gre because thank you very much to gre because even before our house, we really even before our house, we really even before our house, we really trusted gree because when we were renting, trusted gree because when we were renting, trusted gree because when we were renting, I explained to them that we I explained to them that we I explained to them that we used to rent a house when our house was being built used to rent a house when our house was being built used to rent a house when our house was being built in Taytay, there were air conditioners with our roommates, in Taytay, there were air conditioners with our roommates, in Taytay, there were air conditioners with our roommates, we were very cold with all the air conditioners, we were very cold with all the air conditioners, we were very cold with all the air conditioners, but we never had a problem with the but we never had a problem with the but we never had a problem with the air conditioner in the 2 years we lived there, so air conditioner in the 2 years we lived there, so air conditioner in the 2 years we lived there, so we didn't clean it, but it was we didn't clean it, but it was we didn't clean it, but it was cold because we saw the gree brand, cold because we saw the gree brand, cold because we saw the gree brand, so we said that gree is good, so so we said that gree is good, so so we said that gree is good, so when we approached gree automatic, when we approached gree automatic, when we approached gree automatic, I said I like gree because there are others, I said I like gree because there are others, I said I like gree because there are others, I won't say what, I won't say what, I won't say what, but my sister had a problem, it broke, but my sister had a problem, it broke, but my sister had a problem, it broke, so it's really me, even though it's all glass, so it's really me, even though it's all glass, so it's really me, even though it's all glass, guys, when you turn on my gree air conditioner, it's guys, when you turn on my gree air conditioner, it's guys, when you turn on my gree air conditioner, it's cold later, it's still all in the back, but cold later, it's still all in the back, but cold later, it's still all in the back, but I'm panting because I'm pregnant, not because I sweat, it I'm panting because I'm pregnant, not because I sweat, it I'm panting because I'm pregnant, not because I sweat, it looked better looked better looked better when it was centralized, so if you can afford it, when it was centralized, so if you can afford it, when it was centralized, so if you can afford it, centralize it  As for centralize it  As for centralize it  As for their centralized ones, they are different, as their centralized ones, they are different, as their centralized ones, they are different, as you can see, I'll show you, you can see, I'll show you, you can see, I'll show you, they have different compressor controls, so when they have different compressor controls, so when they have different compressor controls, so when you open this, you won't necessarily you open this, you won't necessarily you open this, you won't necessarily open everything.  You can open it completely centralized open everything.  You can open it completely centralized open everything.  You can open it completely centralized or you can open it only per area or you can open it only per area or you can open it only per area .  So that's the good thing.  So .  So that's the good thing.  So .  So that's the good thing.  So why are we in air conditioning all day? why are we in air conditioning all day? why are we in air conditioning all day? Of course Of course Of course because of one solar.  Thank you for because of one solar.  Thank you for because of one solar.  Thank you for doing this [laughter] I doing this [laughter] I doing this [laughter] I have a child, have a child, have a child, I said, who are you? It's so funny, you? It's so funny, you? It's so funny, my husband is hiding my husband is hiding my husband is hiding [laughter] it's clean because we vacuumed. [laughter] it's clean because we vacuumed. [laughter] it's clean because we vacuumed. Of course, Shan said Of course, Shan said Of course, Shan said Alex's wealth is in the air conditioner.  We only use the air conditioner Alex's wealth is in the air conditioner.  We only use the air conditioner Alex's wealth is in the air conditioner.  We only use the air conditioner every morning when it's sunny every morning when it's sunny every morning when it's sunny because of solar.  So my solar is because of solar.  So my solar is because of solar.  So my solar is no other than one solar man. no other than one solar man. no other than one solar man. One solar man is very beautiful.  They have an app One solar man is very beautiful.  They have an app One solar man is very beautiful.  They have an app and when they did this automatically and when they did this automatically and when they did this automatically when our solar started, guys, it was when our solar started, guys, it was when our solar started, guys, it was so automatic that half of it was done right away.  Almost 30 so automatic that half of it was done right away.  Almost 30 so automatic that half of it was done right away.  Almost 30 to 40% of our electricity has been reduced, especially in to 40% of our electricity has been reduced, especially in to 40% of our electricity has been reduced, especially in the summer.  That's all the summer.  That's all the summer.  That's all you can do, just pray for it to rain.  But you can do, just pray for it to rain.  But you can do, just pray for it to rain.  But solar is super, super okay if I were solar is super, super okay if I were solar is super, super okay if I were you.  My sister also is getting solar.  My you.  My sister also is getting solar.  My you.  My sister also is getting solar.  My mom also got solar because if I mom also got solar because if I mom also got solar because if I were you, you would have to were you, you would have to were you, you would have to invest in solar because invest in solar because invest in solar because you would get much cheaper electricity.  For me, you would get much cheaper electricity.  For me, you would get much cheaper electricity.  For me, that's all.  Okay, now let's go to our that's all.  Okay, now let's go to our that's all.  Okay, now let's go to our kitchen.  This is my kitchen. Mikey will show you the app now. Mikey will show you the app now. Mikey will show you the app now. So that's it or 75 or your profit.  So it seems like So that's it or 75 or your profit.  So it seems like So that's it or 75 or your profit.  So it seems like our consumption is almost half of what we're our consumption is almost half of what we're our consumption is almost half of what we're doing.  So doing.  So doing.  So my electricity bill is almost half off, right? my electricity bill is almost half off, right? my electricity bill is almost half off, right? Turn off the air conditioner.  Why? Turn off the air conditioner.  Why? Turn off the air conditioner.  Why? Your consumption is 120.  Solar is really beautiful Your consumption is 120.  Solar is really beautiful Your consumption is 120.  Solar is really beautiful .  So guys, promise.  One solar .  So guys, promise.  One solar .  So guys, promise.  One solar monthly.  Okay.  So this is my kitchen.  As monthly.  Okay.  So this is my kitchen.  As monthly.  Okay.  So this is my kitchen.  As you can see, you can see, you can see, Mommy Pinty and I had another fight here because she kept saying too much, Mommy Pinty and I had another fight here because she kept saying too much, Mommy Pinty and I had another fight here because she kept saying too much, "What a mess. What a mess you chose." "What a mess. What a mess you chose." "What a mess. What a mess you chose." You should be there for your sister. You should be there for your sister. You should be there for your sister. Mommy Pinty and I fight a lot because it seems like the Mommy Pinty and I fight a lot because it seems like the Mommy Pinty and I fight a lot because it seems like the older sister gets mommy's designs older sister gets mommy's designs older sister gets mommy's designs . . . My design is really unique.  That which is not new to the eye. My design is really unique.  That which is not new to the eye. My design is really unique.  That which is not new to the eye. My sister's My sister's My sister's design seems to be for millennials or baby boomers.  I'm design seems to be for millennials or baby boomers.  I'm design seems to be for millennials or baby boomers.  I'm like that.  That's an aesthetic feeling like that.  That's an aesthetic feeling like that.  That's an aesthetic feeling .  So Mommy Pinty doesn't understand, .  So Mommy Pinty doesn't understand, .  So Mommy Pinty doesn't understand, but this is my choice.  All my but this is my choice.  All my but this is my choice.  All my marbles are from Euro Asia.  The good thing marbles are from Euro Asia.  The good thing marbles are from Euro Asia.  The good thing about Euro Asia is that once you order, of course about Euro Asia is that once you order, of course about Euro Asia is that once you order, of course you order slabs, so if there are any leftovers, you order slabs, so if there are any leftovers, you order slabs, so if there are any leftovers, they'll give them to you.  So my they'll give them to you.  So my they'll give them to you.  So my center table in the living room is the slab you left center table in the living room is the slab you left center table in the living room is the slab you left in my other CR, right?  So in my other CR, right?  So in my other CR, right?  So you can still use it.  So that's all you can still use it.  So that's all you can still use it.  So that's all from Euro Asia.  Very beautiful.  We are full slab from Euro Asia.  Very beautiful.  We are full slab from Euro Asia.  Very beautiful.  We are full slab .  So as you can see after that .  So as you can see after that .  So as you can see after that you will see my you will see my you will see my beautiful I will clean it first while beautiful I will clean it first while beautiful I will clean it first while we are on the house tour because we are on the house tour because we are on the house tour because I saw something beautiful here in the cabinet I saw something beautiful here in the cabinet I saw something beautiful here in the cabinet I chose.  They were surprised at how quickly he cleaned up, "Did I chose.  They were surprised at how quickly he cleaned up, "Did I chose.  They were surprised at how quickly he cleaned up, "Did I open it?"  And I open it?"  And I open it?"  And this one.  Mm. this one.  Mm. this one.  Mm. These are all from Mommy Pinty.  This is in These are all from Mommy Pinty.  This is in These are all from Mommy Pinty.  This is in all fairness to Mommy Pinty, all fairness to Mommy Pinty, all fairness to Mommy Pinty, she gave us her sister's salad master set. she gave us her sister's salad master set. she gave us her sister's salad master set. But those La Crus are mine, I bought them But those La Crus are mine, I bought them But those La Crus are mine, I bought them in the state.  Mikey was so angry in the state.  Mikey was so angry in the state.  Mikey was so angry because it was so heavy.  My kitchen, because it was so heavy.  My kitchen, because it was so heavy.  My kitchen, those modular cabinets are from those modular cabinets are from those modular cabinets are from Scavolini.  I would like to thank Scavolini.  I would like to thank Scavolini.  I would like to thank Scavolini because they also gave me a Scavolini because they also gave me a Scavolini because they also gave me a good discount.  And whenever there's a good discount.  And whenever there's a good discount.  And whenever there's a problem or something, problem or something, problem or something, their after-sales service is also very fast. their after-sales service is also very fast. their after-sales service is also very fast. Okay.  Thank you so much Scavolini.  So the Okay.  Thank you so much Scavolini.  So the Okay.  Thank you so much Scavolini.  So the quality of Scavolini is really good quality of Scavolini is really good quality of Scavolini is really good .  My sister also .  My sister also .  My sister also bought Scavolini when she saw bought Scavolini when she saw bought Scavolini when she saw my kitchen because the quality is so good, my kitchen because the quality is so good, my kitchen because the quality is so good, every edge is polished. every edge is polished. every edge is polished. That's the beauty of mechanics, look, That's the beauty of mechanics, look, That's the beauty of mechanics, look, pretend you're fighting with your wife, what the hell is pretend you're fighting with your wife, what the hell is pretend you're fighting with your wife, what the hell is going on, going on, going on, it's like you're not even fighting [music] because it's like you're not even fighting [music] because it's like you're not even fighting [music] because what are you, you're really going to stop. what are you, you're really going to stop. what are you, you're really going to stop. Oh no, no problem, because Oh no, no problem, because Oh no, no problem, because the mechanic is good.  So it seems like the mechanic is good.  So it seems like the mechanic is good.  So it seems like you and your husband just love each other.  What?  Can't you and your husband just love each other.  What?  Can't you and your husband just love each other.  What?  Can't they hear?  Or pretend they hear?  Or pretend they hear?  Or pretend I already have a child.  Eat.  I don't eat I already have a child.  Eat.  I don't eat I already have a child.  Eat.  I don't eat money.  Eat all this fruit. money.  Eat all this fruit. money.  Eat all this fruit. That's right.  I can act too.  These are That's right.  I can act too.  These are That's right.  I can act too.  These are all from Dexterton.  Ah, I didn't buy all from Dexterton.  Ah, I didn't buy all from Dexterton.  Ah, I didn't buy this in the states, but this is Dexterton. this in the states, but this is Dexterton. this in the states, but this is Dexterton. They gave me a discount.  This is They gave me a discount.  This is They gave me a discount.  This is from Mikey's cousin.  This is our from Mikey's cousin.  This is our from Mikey's cousin.  This is our hydropure.  So all of my hydropure.  So all of my hydropure.  So all of my water, it's soft because it doesn't water, it's soft because it doesn't water, it's soft because it doesn't leave much of a mark on the steel. leave much of a mark on the steel. leave much of a mark on the steel. He doesn't mind steel and He doesn't mind steel and He doesn't mind steel and mirrors because he's soft.  So mirrors because he's soft.  So mirrors because he's soft.  So we added salt to it.  So we added salt to it.  So we added salt to it.  So he's filtered.  But of course he's filtered.  But of course he's filtered.  But of course he can't have anything else to he can't have anything else to he can't have anything else to drink, but all my water here is drink, but all my water here is drink, but all my water here is filtered.  I'm great. filtered.  I'm great. filtered.  I'm great. I'm happy with myself, I feel like I've I'm happy with myself, I feel like I've I'm happy with myself, I feel like I've progressed from Taytay to drinking progressed from Taytay to drinking progressed from Taytay to drinking canal water now.  But our canal water now.  But our canal water now.  But our refrigerator, of course, refrigerator, of course, refrigerator, of course, my drinking water is always nature my drinking water is always nature my drinking water is always nature spraying.  Everyone who visits spraying.  Everyone who visits spraying.  Everyone who visits me thinks my house is a party, me thinks my house is a party, me thinks my house is a party, they always want to have a giveaway. they always want to have a giveaway. they always want to have a giveaway. What's the giveaway?  Nature spray bottle. What's the giveaway?  Nature spray bottle. What's the giveaway?  Nature spray bottle. They always take nature spray bottles They always take nature spray bottles They always take nature spray bottles from me because nature spray is truly one of from me because nature spray is truly one of from me because nature spray is truly one of the best drinking waters.  You know the best drinking waters.  You know the best drinking waters.  You know why?  Tasteless and clean.  'Right why?  Tasteless and clean.  'Right why?  Tasteless and clean.  'Right ?  There are flavored waters.  This is ?  There are flavored waters.  This is ?  There are flavored waters.  This is really delicious.  You can really delicious.  You can really delicious.  You can mix it with juice and when mix it with juice and when mix it with juice and when you're really thirsty, it's really delicious. you're really thirsty, it's really delicious. you're really thirsty, it's really delicious. So that's what we drink from nature spring. So that's what we drink from nature spring. So that's what we drink from nature spring. He is still cheap.  Of course, this is the He is still cheap.  Of course, this is the He is still cheap.  Of course, this is the pantry.  So this supposedly shouldn't be there, pantry.  So this supposedly shouldn't be there, pantry.  So this supposedly shouldn't be there, but I put a wreath on it for Christmas but I put a wreath on it for Christmas but I put a wreath on it for Christmas .  Wrath and then what is the .  Wrath and then what is the .  Wrath and then what is the mythic rath?  So I said I couldn't mythic rath?  So I said I couldn't mythic rath?  So I said I couldn't get rid of him.  I just put it on. get rid of him.  I just put it on. get rid of him.  I just put it on. But it's beautiful.  As for me and my But it's beautiful.  As for me and my But it's beautiful.  As for me and my house we will serve the Lord because of house we will serve the Lord because of house we will serve the Lord because of course the Lord Jesus bless us with this course the Lord Jesus bless us with this course the Lord Jesus bless us with this house and our household.  So this is house and our household.  So this is house and our household.  So this is our pantry where our pantry where our pantry where Poly is always hanging out.  Poly's favorite Poly is always hanging out.  Poly's favorite Poly is always hanging out.  Poly's favorite here, guys.  What is the patron, is this the reason it was here, guys.  What is the patron, is this the reason it was here, guys.  What is the patron, is this the reason it was created?  [laughter] Is this the reason created?  [laughter] Is this the reason created?  [laughter] Is this the reason we became chefes?   We had a we became chefes?   We had a we became chefes?   We had a chefes in December because we were doing chefes in December because we were doing chefes in December because we were doing live shows.  Why do we have Happy Cup DIY? live shows.  Why do we have Happy Cup DIY? live shows.  Why do we have Happy Cup DIY? Because Poly is very fond of the Happy Cup Because Poly is very fond of the Happy Cup Because Poly is very fond of the Happy Cup scramble.  So we were always scrambling. scramble.  So we were always scrambling. scramble.  So we were always scrambling. Brother Louis gave it to me.  Why?  When Brother Louis gave it to me.  Why?  When Brother Louis gave it to me.  Why?  When he found out I was on solar, he found out I was on solar, he found out I was on solar, he was charging his electric he was charging his electric he was charging his electric vehicle here, right?  And then of course vehicle here, right?  And then of course vehicle here, right?  And then of course this one.  Ah [screams] this one.  Ah [screams] this one.  Ah [screams] fire.  You need to have safety fire.  You need to have safety fire.  You need to have safety first.  Fire extinguisher.  In my pantry first.  Fire extinguisher.  In my pantry first.  Fire extinguisher.  In my pantry of course, Hickary of course, Hickary of course, Hickary Orum, Chef Ibes Paraguis, Eyeberry and Orum, Chef Ibes Paraguis, Eyeberry and Orum, Chef Ibes Paraguis, Eyeberry and Paragis tea will never be missing.  Actually, our house Paragis tea will never be missing.  Actually, our house Paragis tea will never be missing.  Actually, our house seems to be becoming a TikTok hub for seems to be becoming a TikTok hub for seems to be becoming a TikTok hub for people.  Do you have a lawn there?  Do you have any berries people.  Do you have a lawn there?  Do you have any berries people.  Do you have a lawn there?  Do you have any berries there?  You have a history there. there?  You have a history there. there?  You have a history there. Usually, our favorite place is here.  So Usually, our favorite place is here.  So Usually, our favorite place is here.  So we're always here.  This is my refrigerator.  This is what we're always here.  This is my refrigerator.  This is what we're always here.  This is my refrigerator.  This is what I'm saying that I love so much I'm saying that I love so much I'm saying that I love so much because it feels like I can see it.  These people are social because it feels like I can see it.  These people are social because it feels like I can see it.  These people are social .  Let's see if we can .  Let's see if we can .  Let's see if we can get groceries.  Hey, I got groceries get groceries.  Hey, I got groceries get groceries.  Hey, I got groceries and it was clean.  But we will check later. and it was clean.  But we will check later. and it was clean.  But we will check later. Maybe some of them have expired.  But it's Maybe some of them have expired.  But it's Maybe some of them have expired.  But it's in the freezer.  So it's okay. in the freezer.  So it's okay. in the freezer.  So it's okay. We're okay.  What are our non-negotiables?   Let's break it down We're okay.  What are our non-negotiables?   Let's break it down We're okay.  What are our non-negotiables?   Let's break it down one by one.  Arc, sofa, refrigerator, and one by one.  Arc, sofa, refrigerator, and one by one.  Arc, sofa, refrigerator, and my red knobs.  Wolf.  That's where I really my red knobs.  Wolf.  That's where I really my red knobs.  Wolf.  That's where I really invested.  So we really do it, it's invested.  So we really do it, it's invested.  So we really do it, it's like our budget really doesn't like our budget really doesn't like our budget really doesn't need to be, mom, I really saved it up need to be, mom, I really saved it up need to be, mom, I really saved it up because I was just a kid.  Those are the because I was just a kid.  Those are the because I was just a kid.  Those are the things I want to see in my house.  Okay, things I want to see in my house.  Okay, things I want to see in my house.  Okay, next staff quarters.  But this one is our next staff quarters.  But this one is our next staff quarters.  But this one is our plate Miss Heart, I'm an evangelist. plate Miss Heart, I'm an evangelist. plate Miss Heart, I'm an evangelist. I used to go to Heart's house and I used to go to Heart's house and I used to go to Heart's house and she showed me the plate room.   It's she showed me the plate room.   It's she showed me the plate room.   It's only times 3 in size but longer only times 3 in size but longer only times 3 in size but longer .  T's I said, "Oh, I hope .  T's I said, "Oh, I hope .  T's I said, "Oh, I hope I can have a plate room on my own one day."  And I can have a plate room on my own one day."  And I can have a plate room on my own one day."  And then now I have that in my playroom. then now I have that in my playroom. then now I have that in my playroom. So I bought this one from ate Marielle. So I bought this one from ate Marielle. So I bought this one from ate Marielle. ' Sister Mariel had a garage ' Sister Mariel had a garage ' Sister Mariel had a garage sale of plates because Sister Mariel sale of plates because Sister Mariel sale of plates because Sister Mariel collects a lot.  So collects a lot.  So collects a lot.  So he sold it.  When I he sold it.  When I he sold it.  When I first saw his story posting, first saw his story posting, first saw his story posting, I saw the picture.  I said, "Ate Mariel, I saw the picture.  I said, "Ate Mariel, I saw the picture.  I said, "Ate Mariel, what is that? I want it made in England what is that? I want it made in England what is that? I want it made in England ."  He said, "Okay, I'll give you a ."  He said, "Okay, I'll give you a ."  He said, "Okay, I'll give you a discount."  So I bought it from him right away. discount."  So I bought it from him right away. discount."  So I bought it from him right away. And what's nice with sister Mariel? And what's nice with sister Mariel? And what's nice with sister Mariel? He said, "I also have a gift for you. A He said, "I also have a gift for you. A He said, "I also have a gift for you. A housewarming gift."  That's it.  He gave housewarming gift."  That's it.  He gave housewarming gift."  That's it.  He gave me a plate set too. me a plate set too. me a plate set too. Sister Marielle is so sweet.  I said, "Ate Mariel, Sister Marielle is so sweet.  I said, "Ate Mariel, Sister Marielle is so sweet.  I said, "Ate Mariel, you delivered two. That's my gift you delivered two. That's my gift you delivered two. That's my gift too."  As in complete plate set.  That's too."  As in complete plate set.  That's too."  As in complete plate set.  That's it.  Thank you so much, sister Mariel. it.  Thank you so much, sister Mariel. it.  Thank you so much, sister Mariel. Sister Mariel, you are not a blood relative of mine, but you are crying, Sister Mariel, you are not a blood relative of mine, but you are crying, Sister Mariel, you are not a blood relative of mine, but you are crying, but Tony G, who is but Tony G, who is but Tony G, who is my blood relative, has not given anything yet. my blood relative, has not given anything yet. my blood relative, has not given anything yet. I bought this for Christmas. I bought this for Christmas. I bought this for Christmas. The sister said that.  So when you watch The sister said that.  So when you watch The sister said that.  So when you watch this, you tell me you're going to buy it.  You're not this, you tell me you're going to buy it.  You're not this, you tell me you're going to buy it.  You're not Tony Gonzaga, you didn't become Tony Tony Gonzaga, you didn't become Tony Tony Gonzaga, you didn't become Tony to defeat ate Mariel.  You're going to to defeat ate Mariel.  You're going to to defeat ate Mariel.  You're going to buy me a house warming gift, buy me a house warming gift, buy me a house warming gift, I believe you.  And then this is I believe you.  And then this is I believe you.  And then this is also my Filipino.  So that's also my Filipino.  So that's also my Filipino.  So that's my playthroom. my playthroom. my playthroom. How are you guys?  Guys, I'm so drunk. How are you guys?  Guys, I'm so drunk. How are you guys?  Guys, I'm so drunk. Seriously.  Doing too much.  Come on. Seriously.  Doing too much.  Come on. Seriously.  Doing too much.  Come on. But I've never gone swimming. But I've never gone swimming. But I've never gone swimming. We bought this in Venice from We bought this in Venice from We bought this in Venice from Mikey.  Mikey was so angry because he Mikey.  Mikey was so angry because he Mikey.  Mikey was so angry because he said you should carry it because it's expensive.  That's it said you should carry it because it's expensive.  That's it said you should carry it because it's expensive.  That's it .  We were on our way to the airport when this .  We were on our way to the airport when this .  We were on our way to the airport when this [ __ ] happened.  This is crazy. [ __ ] happened.  This is crazy. [ __ ] happened.  This is crazy. We didn't even buy it there right We didn't even buy it there right We didn't even buy it there right where Mike said it was so cheap where Mike said it was so cheap where Mike said it was so cheap Mikey said go there because Mikey said go there because Mikey said go there because when we went to the factory I was going to buy when we went to the factory I was going to buy when we went to the factory I was going to buy it because it was in Venice we had to it because it was in Venice we had to it because it was in Venice we had to buy it there that's just here it's just when buy it there that's just here it's just when buy it there that's just here it's just when we were coming out of the airport it was we were coming out of the airport it was we were coming out of the airport it was cheaper I just cheaper I just cheaper I just reacted so let reacted so let reacted so let 's just pretend to be my wife of course if 's just pretend to be my wife of course if 's just pretend to be my wife of course if you have any I don't know why you have any I don't know why you have any I don't know why I buy those I also have a lot of I buy those I also have a lot of I buy those I also have a lot of glasses I don't know if glasses I don't know if glasses I don't know if we have the mouth here okay this is all from we have the mouth here okay this is all from we have the mouth here okay this is all from antique I bought it from antique antique I bought it from antique antique I bought it from antique I ordered it 'ba.  We always go I ordered it 'ba.  We always go I ordered it 'ba.  We always go to Antique.  I've been back in to Antique.  I've been back in to Antique.  I've been back in Antique for a while.  So almost everything, including my Antique for a while.  So almost everything, including my Antique for a while.  So almost everything, including my coasters, is scattered.  All of that is from coasters, is scattered.  All of that is from coasters, is scattered.  All of that is from Antique.  The ones I put my trash in, Antique.  The ones I put my trash in, Antique.  The ones I put my trash in, the ones I put my plants in. the ones I put my plants in. the ones I put my plants in. All of that is from antiques.  That hamper is all All of that is from antiques.  That hamper is all All of that is from antiques.  That hamper is all antique. antique. antique. [sighs][sniffs] Next up is my playthroom.  'Aren't Next up is my playthroom.  'Aren't Next up is my playthroom.  'Aren't I so proud of my playroom?  He's only small, I so proud of my playroom?  He's only small, I so proud of my playroom?  He's only small, but you know that even though he's small, his but you know that even though he's small, his but you know that even though he's small, his family is complete.  And then family is complete.  And then family is complete.  And then we get together.  How beautiful.  Next is we get together.  How beautiful.  Next is we get together.  How beautiful.  Next is our laundry.  Wow, that's neat with our laundry.  Wow, that's neat with our laundry.  Wow, that's neat with the Bible verse.  Be still and know that the Bible verse.  Be still and know that the Bible verse.  Be still and know that I am your God.  Okay, so this is my I am your God.  Okay, so this is my I am your God.  Okay, so this is my laundry.  This is from Bronwalk.  This is just something they're laundry.  This is from Bronwalk.  This is just something they're laundry.  This is from Bronwalk.  This is just something they're hiding.  So here hiding.  So here hiding.  So here [clears throat] is Sister [clears throat] is Sister [clears throat] is Sister Pearley.  He dances with shells. Pearley.  He dances with shells. Pearley.  He dances with shells. Pearly shells.  Our laundry and Pearly shells.  Our laundry and Pearly shells.  Our laundry and all.  So here, here they hang out.  That's all.  So here, here they hang out.  That's all.  So here, here they hang out.  That's it.  And then this one.  That's the it.  And then this one.  That's the it.  And then this one.  That's the outside.  Then you look here. outside.  Then you look here. outside.  Then you look here. crying [singing] crying [singing] crying [singing] it will be all my baby is kicking it will be all my baby is kicking it will be all my baby is kicking crying be in my heart crying be in my heart crying be in my heart my heartan so that's our drama my heartan so that's our drama my heartan so that's our drama in life and then our swimming pool okay in life and then our swimming pool okay in life and then our swimming pool okay so let's go out for my lanay come with me so let's go out for my lanay come with me so let's go out for my lanay come with me I'm getting tired too ah if the I'm getting tired too ah if the I'm getting tired too ah if the battery is I'm getting tired so this battery is I'm getting tired so this battery is I'm getting tired so this is our lanay is our lanay is our lanay This is where my aunt Rquel said she came This is where my aunt Rquel said she came This is where my aunt Rquel said she came from another country.  This is where the from another country.  This is where the from another country.  This is where the tongue should happen.  [laughter] It's tongue should happen.  [laughter] It's tongue should happen.  [laughter] It's beautiful, but it's just a joke beautiful, but it's just a joke beautiful, but it's just a joke .  That's four of them.  So that's where .  That's four of them.  So that's where .  That's four of them.  So that's where we used to have a boodle fight when there was we used to have a boodle fight when there was we used to have a boodle fight when there was seafood.  So that's where we seafood.  So that's where we seafood.  So that's where we hung out while we watched hung out while we watched hung out while we watched Poly swim in our swimming Poly swim in our swimming Poly swim in our swimming pool.  And then of course this is my pool.  And then of course this is my pool.  And then of course this is my garden.  So everything we have here can be garden.  So everything we have here can be garden.  So everything we have here can be used outside.  What is that called? used outside.  What is that called? used outside.  What is that called? Outdoor furniture.  That's it.  But Outdoor furniture.  That's it.  But Outdoor furniture.  That's it.  But we usually take this out when we we usually take this out when we we usually take this out when we eat here because this is where eat here because this is where eat here because this is where catering places it.  Oh, this is it.  You see?  This is what catering places it.  Oh, this is it.  You see?  This is what catering places it.  Oh, this is it.  You see?  This is what I'm telling you from I'm telling you from I'm telling you from Antique Goods.  Nice.  And then this Antique Goods.  Nice.  And then this Antique Goods.  Nice.  And then this one also from I'll keep it up to date.  Shopee. one also from I'll keep it up to date.  Shopee. one also from I'll keep it up to date.  Shopee. [laughter] On Shopee?  Yes, this is Shopee only. [laughter] On Shopee?  Yes, this is Shopee only. [laughter] On Shopee?  Yes, this is Shopee only. How beautiful.  I'm Filipino, I don't know if it's from How beautiful.  I'm Filipino, I don't know if it's from How beautiful.  I'm Filipino, I don't know if it's from Bulacan or Pampanga, Bulacan or Pampanga, Bulacan or Pampanga, I just saw this on Shopee, and then this is I just saw this on Shopee, and then this is I just saw this on Shopee, and then this is my outdoor stuff.  These my outdoor stuff.  These my outdoor stuff.  These are all Filipino designers so are all Filipino designers so are all Filipino designers so I took this course in Pampanga. I took this course in Pampanga. I took this course in Pampanga. Albero is from Pampanga and he Albero is from Pampanga and he Albero is from Pampanga and he built my outdoor things built my outdoor things built my outdoor things because Albero and he built because Albero and he built because Albero and he built my condo.  I'm also impressed with my condo.  I'm also impressed with my condo.  I'm also impressed with their quality.  That's it.  Of course when life gives you their quality.  That's it.  Of course when life gives you their quality.  That's it.  Of course when life gives you lemons, put it outside.  [laughter] There's lemons, put it outside.  [laughter] There's lemons, put it outside.  [laughter] There's just a fly.  Are we at the market or just a fly.  Are we at the market or just a fly.  Are we at the market or what?  So, we have lemons.  Okay, what?  So, we have lemons.  Okay, what?  So, we have lemons.  Okay, you're welcome, I'm buying lemons for you're welcome, I'm buying lemons for you're welcome, I'm buying lemons for display, but we're really going to make lemon juice, display, but we're really going to make lemon juice, display, but we're really going to make lemon juice, you know, we can squeeze lemons like that you know, we can squeeze lemons like that you know, we can squeeze lemons like that .  That's a shame. .  That's a shame. .  That's a shame. That's not possible.  Besides, I'll actually put it under That's not possible.  Besides, I'll actually put it under That's not possible.  Besides, I'll actually put it under your armpits.  It's not possible your armpits.  It's not possible your armpits.  It's not possible as of now.  Oh, how nice the Gree air conditioner is as of now.  Oh, how nice the Gree air conditioner is as of now.  Oh, how nice the Gree air conditioner is .  We got in.  So it's also nice .  We got in.  So it's also nice .  We got in.  So it's also nice when it's outside, right?  So that's when it's outside, right?  So that's when it's outside, right?  So that's it.  That's our first floor.  I'll it.  That's our first floor.  I'll it.  That's our first floor.  I'll just go with PH, it's already 500,000.  Inna, my child. PH, it's already 500,000.  Inna, my child. PH, it's already 500,000.  Inna, my child. And my wife is home. And my wife is home. And my wife is home. I am very happy.  My heart.  As a I am very happy.  My heart.  As a I am very happy.  My heart.  As a homeowner, when I see homeowner, when I see homeowner, when I see my wife, she is very relaxed.  Because you know my wife, she is very relaxed.  Because you know my wife, she is very relaxed.  Because you know Mikey can survive with just one Mikey can survive with just one Mikey can survive with just one sofa or even without a sofa on the carpet sofa or even without a sofa on the carpet sofa or even without a sofa on the carpet .  But all these .  But all these .  But all these ads we advertise are for beauty products. ads we advertise are for beauty products. ads we advertise are for beauty products. He had nothing to do with that.  He has no He had nothing to do with that.  He has no He had nothing to do with that.  He has no knowledge of that.  He doesn't care about knowledge of that.  He doesn't care about knowledge of that.  He doesn't care about that.  P. So when I see the things that.  P. So when I see the things that.  P. So when I see the things we buy that he doesn't we buy that he doesn't we buy that he doesn't know anything about, he's just surprised. know anything about, he's just surprised. know anything about, he's just surprised. He must be one of the payers.  What about him? He must be one of the payers.  What about him? He must be one of the payers.  What about him? 'I can see that 'I can see that 'I can see that I'm relaxing him.  What I feel like I'm relaxing him.  What I feel like I'm relaxing him.  What I feel like doing is what I am.  Or, [laughter] am doing is what I am.  Or, [laughter] am doing is what I am.  Or, [laughter] am I doing my job as a I doing my job as a I doing my job as a wife, which is to beautify wife, which is to beautify wife, which is to beautify our house and make it homey because that's our house and make it homey because that's our house and make it homey because that's our job as homeowners.  You know, our job as homeowners.  You know, our job as homeowners.  You know, ma'am.  Hey.  Okay, by the way, thank ma'am.  Hey.  Okay, by the way, thank ma'am.  Hey.  Okay, by the way, thank you so much also to Boys all my paint you so much also to Boys all my paint you so much also to Boys all my paint from Boysen.  The good thing about from Boysen.  The good thing about from Boysen.  The good thing about our paint is that we mixed it with my approved our paint is that we mixed it with my approved our paint is that we mixed it with my approved by Huray, approved by my designer. by Huray, approved by my designer. by Huray, approved by my designer. We really mixed it up because the We really mixed it up because the We really mixed it up because the outside and the inside are a bit different. outside and the inside are a bit different. outside and the inside are a bit different. Interior and exterior, exterior, Interior and exterior, exterior, Interior and exterior, exterior, exterior. exterior. exterior. Exterior and interior.  He's a little different Exterior and interior.  He's a little different Exterior and interior.  He's a little different but both white but just different in but both white but just different in but both white but just different in some way.  So there's a mix of that.  Before some way.  So there's a mix of that.  Before some way.  So there's a mix of that.  Before they produce it, you really have to sign it they produce it, you really have to sign it they produce it, you really have to sign it because once they mix because once they mix because once they mix it into the purple mixture, there's nothing you can do about it into the purple mixture, there's nothing you can do about it into the purple mixture, there's nothing you can do about it.  So there thank you so much boys, it.  So there thank you so much boys, it.  So there thank you so much boys, the quality of their paint is good.  Okay, the quality of their paint is good.  Okay, the quality of their paint is good.  Okay, we're going up.  We're going to the beach. we're going up.  We're going to the beach. we're going up.  We're going to the beach. Okay so are you ready?  It's going up, Okay so are you ready?  It's going up, Okay so are you ready?  It's going up, guys, right?  Okay.  So if you noticed guys, right?  Okay.  So if you noticed guys, right?  Okay.  So if you noticed why the staff was absent, it seems like why the staff was absent, it seems like why the staff was absent, it seems like our staff is very kind our staff is very kind our staff is very kind .  They have nothing, they have nowhere .  They have nothing, they have nowhere .  They have nothing, they have nowhere to go here.  You are wrong.  If to go here.  You are wrong.  If to go here.  You are wrong.  If you see here in our communities, there are you see here in our communities, there are you see here in our communities, there are small squares.  They are there. small squares.  They are there. small squares.  They are there. That's it.  There they are.  You're already cooked. That's it.  There they are.  You're already cooked. That's it.  There they are.  You're already cooked. [squeaks] They're [squeaks] They're [squeaks] They're hanging out there. hanging out there. hanging out there. Of course, we don't want them to be left out Of course, we don't want them to be left out Of course, we don't want them to be left out of the house. of the house. of the house. We have staff quarters downstairs. So they were separated a bit so they had their own So they were separated a bit so they had their own So they were separated a bit so they had their own lives there.  But of course lives there.  But of course lives there.  But of course they also have CCTV.  But it's not just about what's they also have CCTV.  But it's not just about what's they also have CCTV.  But it's not just about what's outside, there's still CCTV.  So outside, there's still CCTV.  So outside, there's still CCTV.  So our dirty kitchen that I didn't our dirty kitchen that I didn't our dirty kitchen that I didn't go to because they said I might get go to because they said I might get go to because they said I might get ligament pain because our kitchen is a bit dirty ligament pain because our kitchen is a bit dirty ligament pain because our kitchen is a bit dirty right now.  [music] So of course because they're in the basement, So of course because they're in the basement, So of course because they're in the basement, they also have air conditioning because it seems like there's a they also have air conditioning because it seems like there's a they also have air conditioning because it seems like there's a flow of air every time flow of air every time flow of air every time they sleep.  But their air conditioner is they sleep.  But their air conditioner is they sleep.  But their air conditioner is on a timer.  Just 20 minutes. on a timer.  Just 20 minutes. on a timer.  Just 20 minutes. Just 20 minutes.  Then the 20 minutes are Just 20 minutes.  Then the 20 minutes are Just 20 minutes.  Then the 20 minutes are scattered throughout the day. scattered throughout the day. scattered throughout the day. No, they have air conditioning for the drivers No, they have air conditioning for the drivers No, they have air conditioning for the drivers and the staff.  And in one of my rooms, it was and the staff.  And in one of my rooms, it was and the staff.  And in one of my rooms, it was supposed to be my storage room, but supposed to be my storage room, but supposed to be my storage room, but my other editor ran away.  So my other editor ran away.  So my other editor ran away.  So I adopted it first.  So to the I adopted it first.  So to the I adopted it first.  So to the Santiago family, I have your son. Santiago family, I have your son. Santiago family, I have your son. He's just here.  He's just hiding. He's just here.  He's just hiding. He's just here.  He's just hiding. He's just going through something, but He's just going through something, but He's just going through something, but he'll come back to you in Marikina. he'll come back to you in Marikina. he'll come back to you in Marikina. Okay, guys.  Are you ready to go up?  When Okay, guys.  Are you ready to go up?  When Okay, guys.  Are you ready to go up?  When I say yes, you say yes.  [whispering] Yeah. I say yes, you say yes.  [whispering] Yeah. I say yes, you say yes.  [whispering] Yeah. Yes. Yes. Yes. You. You. You. When I say go, you say up.  Go. When I say go, you say up.  Go. When I say go, you say up.  Go. Go up. Go up. Go up. Go up.  Never go down. Go up.  Never go down. Go up.  Never go down. But what is Shugodstra?  So maybe But what is Shugodstra?  So maybe But what is Shugodstra?  So maybe I'll just VO this.  Gonstra is testb. I'll just VO this.  Gonstra is testb. I'll just VO this.  Gonstra is testb. So let's just wait for the next video, guys.  Have mercy So let's just wait for the next video, guys.  Have mercy So let's just wait for the next video, guys.  Have mercy on me.  I said a lot. on me.  I said a lot. on me.  I said a lot. I have explained a lot.  It's been four months since I have explained a lot.  It's been four months since I have explained a lot.  It's been four months since I've been seen here on the vlog.   I've I've been seen here on the vlog.   I've I've been seen here on the vlog.   I've done so much today done so much today done so much today .  Usually I just lie down and .  Usually I just lie down and .  Usually I just lie down and eat grapes.  I don't usually just eat grapes.  I don't usually just eat grapes.  I don't usually just lie down.  So I'm just a little tired lie down.  So I'm just a little tired lie down.  So I'm just a little tired .  But what can we do? .  But what can we do? .  But what can we do? Our next video will be after Our next video will be after Our next video will be after I give birth.  It's been a while since I give birth.  It's been a while since I give birth.  It's been a while since my son turned 18.  Okay. my son turned 18.  Okay. my son turned 18.  Okay. Our next video, huh?  Is that okay with you Our next video, huh?  Is that okay with you Our next video, huh?  Is that okay with you ?  Okay.  What to look forward to ?  Okay.  What to look forward to ?  Okay.  What to look forward to next?  Check out.  The feeling.   It's next?  Check out.  The feeling.   It's next?  Check out.  The feeling.   It's really fun to visit the really fun to visit the really fun to visit the house.  That's why Miss Sharlen house.  That's why Miss Sharlen house.  That's why Miss Sharlen Gonzalez and I are so happy that Gonzalez and I are so happy that Gonzalez and I are so happy that you are here today watching at Home Cad. So this one is our hallway. Its softness.  That's what I mean by Its softness.  That's what I mean by Its softness.  That's what I mean by its softness.  It's like [laughter] a ghost is playing in my house.  There is an old man right behind in my house.  There is an old man right behind in my house.  There is an old man right behind us.  Streaked. us.  Streaked. us.  Streaked. Oh, sorry. No way.   That's what gave No way.   That's what gave me stress.