Come on, we have reached.  The buyer of this building. Come on, we have reached.  The buyer of this building. Come on, we have reached.  The buyer of this building. No sir, I haven't found it yet.  This No sir, I haven't found it yet.  This No sir, I haven't found it yet.  This building is very expensive.  The guy runs away just after hearing the rates.   If he runs away after building is very expensive.  The guy runs away just after hearing the rates.   If he runs away after hearing the rate then find a deaf customer. hearing the rate then find a deaf customer. hearing the rate then find a deaf customer. Who are you?   Hey, Who are you?   Hey, Who are you?   Hey, tell him about me. tell him about me. tell him about me. This is the coin brother.  He has come to buy your building. This is the coin brother.  He has come to buy your building. He will buy my building.  Looking at Haliya, it does He will buy my building.  Looking at Haliya, it does He will buy my building.  Looking at Haliya, it does n't seem like he will be able to buy it.  This entire building is worth Rs n't seem like he will be able to buy it.  This entire building is worth Rs n't seem like he will be able to buy it.  This entire building is worth Rs 5 crore. 5 crore. 5 crore. Okay, here you drink the tea.  Hey, did you think I was Okay, here you drink the tea.  Hey, did you think I was Okay, here you drink the tea.  Hey, did you think I was screaming after hearing the name Sikka? screaming after hearing the name Sikka? screaming after hearing the name Sikka? We are very rich.  The name is coin, they keep notes. We are very rich.  The name is coin, they keep notes. We are very rich.  The name is coin, they keep notes. Quickly transfer this building in my name Quickly transfer this building in my name Quickly transfer this building in my name otherwise. otherwise. otherwise. Will hit headshot with bat. Will hit headshot with bat. Will hit headshot with bat. What is the need to hit headshots in this?  Give me Rs 5 What is the need to hit headshots in this?  Give me Rs 5 What is the need to hit headshots in this?  Give me Rs 5 crore and get the building registered in your name. crore and get the building registered in your name. crore and get the building registered in your name. Who said that they have come to demolish your building by paying money? Who said that they have come to demolish your building by paying money? So they have come to take over.  The gun is not visible.  Come on. So they have come to take over.  The gun is not visible.  Come on. So they have come to take over.  The gun is not visible.  Come on. Take out the house paper and you Take out the house paper and you Take out the house paper and you take out the pen and sign it. take out the pen and sign it. take out the pen and sign it. We will not sign. We will not sign. We will not sign. What did you say? What did you say? What did you say? First listen to the whole thing.  We will not sign, we will First listen to the whole thing.  We will not sign, we will First listen to the whole thing.  We will not sign, we will stamp.  He is illiterate. stamp.  He is illiterate. stamp.  He is illiterate. How did this illiterate guy become so rich? How did this illiterate guy become so rich? How did this illiterate guy become so rich? Brother, nowadays only illiterate people become rich.  Then Brother, nowadays only illiterate people become rich.  Then Brother, nowadays only illiterate people become rich.  Then how did you remain poor?  Hey brother, how did you remain poor?  Hey brother, how did you remain poor?  Hey brother, leave me alone, you get it signed.   That's leave me alone, you get it signed.   That's leave me alone, you get it signed.   That's correct.  Come on, sign it, which means slap me. correct.  Come on, sign it, which means slap me. correct.  Come on, sign it, which means slap me. Yes.  Come on now people.  do one thing.  [ __ ] this building.  The Yes.  Come on now people.  do one thing.  [ __ ] this building.  The Yes.  Come on now people.  do one thing.  [ __ ] this building.  The money will remain like this.  Ambulatory. How many feet is that?   It How many feet is that?   It How many feet is that?   It is 40 feet.   Will this bastard take over my land? bastard take over my land? bastard take over my land? Who are you?  I wear dhoti, eat 10 Who are you?  I wear dhoti, eat 10 Who are you?  I wear dhoti, eat 10 rotis, still my stomach is not full. My rotis, still my stomach is not full. My rotis, still my stomach is not full. My name is Chandu Seth. This land is mine. I bought it six months name is Chandu Seth. This land is mine. I bought it six months name is Chandu Seth. This land is mine. I bought it six months ago. I bought it a year ago. ago. I bought it a year ago. ago. I bought it a year ago. Look at the land papers. Hey, why are you guys looking at his face? Beat him up and why are you guys looking at his face? Beat him up and why are you guys looking at his face? Beat him up and break his face. The bastard will occupy Chowkisar's land.  Come on. bastard will occupy Chowkisar's land.  Come on. bastard will occupy Chowkisar's land.  Come on. Hey sir, we're on the road in a flash.  Have you Hey sir, we're on the road in a flash.  Have you Hey sir, we're on the road in a flash.  Have you come on the road?   He is come on the road?   He is come on the road?   He is saying the right thing.  We have come on the road. saying the right thing.  We have come on the road. saying the right thing.  We have come on the road. Do one thing, come here.   It's Do one thing, come here.   It's Do one thing, come here.   It's fine now. fine now. fine now. Hey sir, don't joke.  You built a building with so much hard work. Hey sir, don't joke.  You built a building with so much hard work. Hey sir, don't joke.  You built a building with so much hard work. Shika Bhai came and captured it too. Shika Bhai came and captured it too. You don't worry.  Just 5 days.  Within 5 days, You don't worry.  Just 5 days.  Within 5 days, You don't worry.  Just 5 days.  Within 5 days, Sikka Bhai himself will transfer his building to my name. Sikka Bhai himself will transfer his building to my name. Sikka Bhai himself will transfer his building to my name. How is that?   Take How is that?   Take How is that?   Take out the F. out the F. out the F. It is in your packet. It is in your packet. It is in your packet. Okay, we will take it out. Hello hello Chandu Seth, Hello hello Chandu Seth, Hello hello Chandu Seth, yes tell me, we have built a building with a lot of hard work, yes tell me, we have built a building with a lot of hard work, yes tell me, we have built a building with a lot of hard work, Sikka Bhai has occupied it, despite me being here, Sikka Bhai has occupied it, despite me being here, Sikka Bhai has occupied it, despite me being here, who who who is this Sikka, is this Sikka, is this Sikka, hey brother, don't underestimate me by hearing the name Sikka, he is a hey brother, don't underestimate me by hearing the name Sikka, he is a hey brother, don't underestimate me by hearing the name Sikka, he is a very dangerous man, very dangerous man, very dangerous man, you should take me lightly, what do I wear, dhoti, I you should take me lightly, what do I wear, dhoti, I you should take me lightly, what do I wear, dhoti, I eat 10 rotis, still eat 10 rotis, still eat 10 rotis, still my stomach is not full, my name is Chandu Seth, tell me where can I find my stomach is not full, my name is Chandu Seth, tell me where can I find my stomach is not full, my name is Chandu Seth, tell me where can I find this Sikka, I will find him, this Sikka, I will find him, this Sikka, I will find him, otherwise I will have to search for him. otherwise I will have to search for him. otherwise I will have to search for him. You don't worry.  We will find him. You don't worry.  We will find him. You don't worry.  We will find him. Within 5 days that business will be in your name.  Come on, come on. Within 5 days that business will be in your name.  Come on, come on. Hey, why are you acting like this?  Brother, did Hey, why are you acting like this?  Brother, did Hey, why are you acting like this?  Brother, did n't you see that I had fallen behind?  Hey friend, at n't you see that I had fallen behind?  Hey friend, at n't you see that I had fallen behind?  Hey friend, at least look before driving.  Come on [music] don't wander off like that.  Go and get yourself treated. like that.  Go and get yourself treated. Okay boss, go ahead. Okay boss, go ahead. Okay boss, go ahead. Amazing good morning sir. good morning sir. good morning sir. Good Morning.  Good Morning.  come sit. Good Morning.  Good Morning.  come sit. Good Morning.  Good Morning.  come sit. So tell me, how's business going?  Business is So tell me, how's business going?  Business is So tell me, how's business going?  Business is going very well, sir.  Since morning, 200 people have to defecate going very well, sir.  Since morning, 200 people have to defecate going very well, sir.  Since morning, 200 people have to defecate and 50 people have to urinate. and 50 people have to urinate. and 50 people have to urinate. Wow, the business is really going well.   did you poop? you poop? you poop? No sir, I am not feeling it. No sir, I am not feeling it. No sir, I am not feeling it. So how is the path going?  Go and hug first. So how is the path going?  Go and hug first. So how is the path going?  Go and hug first. Ok sir.  [laughter] Now, why do you always keep this coin locked in your pocket Now, why do you always keep this coin locked in your pocket Now, why do you always keep this coin locked in your pocket ?  One day, a whole ?  One day, a whole ?  One day, a whole ₹00 was stolen from my pocket.  From that day onwards I ₹00 was stolen from my pocket.  From that day onwards I ₹00 was stolen from my pocket.  From that day onwards I keep it locked in my pocket. keep it locked in my pocket. keep it locked in my pocket. Now I keep ₹2000 in my pocket. Now I keep ₹2000 in my pocket. Now I keep ₹2000 in my pocket. Where do you get so much money from?  From Probo. Where do you get so much money from?  From Probo. Where do you get so much money from?  From Probo. Probo? Probo? Probo? Yes.  Govo is India's leading online skill Yes.  Govo is India's leading online skill Yes.  Govo is India's leading online skill gaming app with over 40 million gaming app with over 40 million gaming app with over 40 million users converting their knowledge and skills into earnings users converting their knowledge and skills into earnings users converting their knowledge and skills into earnings and making real profits daily. and making real profits daily. and making real profits daily. Okay, but let me Okay, but let me Okay, but let me tell you what needs to be done in this.  Look, here you have to tell you what needs to be done in this.  Look, here you have to tell you what needs to be done in this.  Look, here you have to analyze the questions using your knowledge and skills and analyze the questions using your knowledge and skills and analyze the questions using your knowledge and skills and answer them in yes or no.  Like answer them in yes or no.  Like answer them in yes or no.  Like here right now the question of India vs Pakistan is here right now the question of India vs Pakistan is here right now the question of India vs Pakistan is going on.  Will India going on.  Will India going on.  Will India win the match against Pakistan?  Will he score win the match against Pakistan?  Will he score win the match against Pakistan?  Will he score 50 runs in the power play?  Well brother, is it 50 runs in the power play?  Well brother, is it 50 runs in the power play?  Well brother, is it only about cricket?  Oh only about cricket?  Oh only about cricket?  Oh no brother, apart from cricket, there are questions no brother, apart from cricket, there are questions no brother, apart from cricket, there are questions related to crypto news, gaming, Bollywood and everything else. related to crypto news, gaming, Bollywood and everything else. related to crypto news, gaming, Bollywood and everything else. The more knowledge you have, the The more knowledge you have, the The more knowledge you have, the more real more real more real profit you can earn on Pro and as per your limit on Pro, you profit you can earn on Pro and as per your limit on Pro, you can easily withdraw your winnings to your account through UPI. can easily withdraw your winnings to your account through UPI. can easily withdraw your winnings to your account through UPI. Okay, let's download it now. Okay, let's download it now. Okay, let's download it now. Hey brother, I have given the link in my description. Hey brother, I have given the link in my description. Hey brother, I have given the link in my description. You will get You will get You will get up to ₹100 if you download from there.  ok brother let's download it now.  do it. up to ₹100 if you download from there.  ok brother let's download it now.  do it. You have so much money, brother.   It is such a You have so much money, brother.   It is such a You have so much money, brother.   It is such a big building.  Still you are doing this big building.  Still you are doing this big building.  Still you are doing this small business.  No business is small business.  No business is small business.  No business is small.  Business is business.  That's all small.  Business is business.  That's all small.  Business is business.  That's all fine.  No, let's do some other business. fine.  No, let's do some other business. fine.  No, let's do some other business. Here you are sitting with the toilet open. Here you are sitting with the toilet open. Here you are sitting with the toilet open. what did you say?  They keep coins in their name.  If you what did you say?  They keep coins in their name.  If you what did you say?  They keep coins in their name.  If you speak too much, I will beat you.  Headshot from the septum. speak too much, I will beat you.  Headshot from the septum. speak too much, I will beat you.  Headshot from the septum. Ok sir.  I will not speak from now on. Ok sir.  I will not speak from now on. Ok sir.  I will not speak from now on. Yes. ₹1 has been imposed forcefully. ₹1 has been imposed forcefully. ₹1 has been imposed forcefully. Hey wait wait where are you going?   Going to run away.  Do you Hey wait wait where are you going?   Going to run away.  Do you Hey wait wait where are you going?   Going to run away.  Do you urinate loudly? urinate loudly? urinate loudly? Yes. Yes. Yes. So I will take 500 rupees. So I will take 500 rupees. So I will take 500 rupees. 500 Yes, we take 500 from whoever feels it is more serious. 500 Yes, we take 500 from whoever feels it is more serious. Remove it quickly otherwise it will get painted. Remove it quickly otherwise it will get painted. Remove it quickly otherwise it will get painted. Okay, I will give it to you now.  This bastard takes advantage of helplessness.   Will have to pick it up. Okay, I will give it to you now.  This bastard takes advantage of helplessness.   Will have to pick it up. Hey, there is Hey, there is Hey, there is nothing here.  Where have you come? nothing here.  Where have you come? nothing here.  Where have you come? You can't see that big field behind. You can't see that big field behind. You can't see that big field behind. Take water in a pot and go to the field. Take water in a pot and go to the field. Take water in a pot and go to the field. Go quickly otherwise there will be pantam. Sikka Bhai, you are doing a big wrong. Sikka Bhai, you are doing a big wrong. Sikka Bhai, you are doing a big wrong. What are you doing wrong?   He is making What are you doing wrong?   He is making What are you doing wrong?   He is making everyone go to the fields.  They are spreading dirt. everyone go to the fields.  They are spreading dirt. So what to do then? So what to do then? So what to do then? Build a tank, build a bathroom and then make them Build a tank, build a bathroom and then make them Build a tank, build a bathroom and then make them defecate in it.  Well, tell me one thing, when everyone defecate in it.  Well, tell me one thing, when everyone defecate in it.  Well, tell me one thing, when everyone defecates in the bathroom and when the tank gets full, defecates in the bathroom and when the tank gets full, defecates in the bathroom and when the tank gets full, where does one empty it? where does one empty it? where does one empty it? In the field. In the field. In the field. So we are getting it done directly in the fields. So we are getting it done directly in the fields. So we are getting it done directly in the fields. What is the need to create so much fuss? What is the need to create so much fuss? What is the need to create so much fuss? Hey hey what are you going to do?   I am going to pee. Hey hey what are you going to do?   I am going to pee. Who will pay here? Who will pay here? Who will pay here? Hey brother, apply it very hard, I will give it to Hey brother, apply it very hard, I will give it to Hey brother, apply it very hard, I will give it to you after peeing. you after peeing. you after peeing. No, give it to me first.   Take this, brother. No, give it to me first.   Take this, brother. No, give it to me first.   Take this, brother. Hey, how much are you giving? Hey, how much are you giving? Hey, how much are you giving? ₹5. ₹5. ₹5. Invested money hard? Invested money hard? Invested money hard? Yes. Yes. Yes. So I will take ₹500 from you.  Take it out. So I will take ₹500 from you.  Take it out. So I will take ₹500 from you.  Take it out. ₹500 for turning? ₹500 for turning? ₹500 for turning? Yes.  Yes, I will take the box and pee here for 500 rupees. Yes.  Yes, I will take the box and pee here for 500 rupees. Yes.  Yes, I will take the box and pee here for 500 rupees. Hey, if you pee anywhere, we will Hey, if you pee anywhere, we will Hey, if you pee anywhere, we will call the police.  Take out 500 rupees, hey brother, call the police.  Take out 500 rupees, hey brother, call the police.  Take out 500 rupees, hey brother, take this. Hey, there is nothing here.  Where is the urine? Hey, there is nothing here.  Where is the urine? Hey, there is nothing here.  Where is the urine? You can't see that big field behind.   Go turn away.  Just You can't see that big field behind.   Go turn away.  Just You can't see that big field behind.   Go turn away.  Just tell me where you want to pee. tell me where you want to pee. tell me where you want to pee. Yes, you should not pee anywhere.  He can Yes, you should not pee anywhere.  He can Yes, you should not pee anywhere.  He can pee in the field behind.  Go back, that is my land. pee in the field behind.  Go back, that is my land. pee in the field behind.  Go back, that is my land. Like this Hey Lamar, come here, what's up, brother?   Do you what's up, brother?   Do you what's up, brother?   Do you know the coin? know the coin? know the coin? Hey brother, who doesn't know the coin? Hey brother, who doesn't know the coin? Hey brother, who doesn't know the coin? Everyone knows the coin. Everyone knows the coin. Everyone knows the coin. Where is the coin?   Wait a minute. Where is the coin?   Wait a minute. Yellow. Yellow. Yellow. Hey, this is not a coin, brother.  If it is there then Hey, this is not a coin, brother.  If it is there then Hey, this is not a coin, brother.  If it is there then say it like this, look, this coin brother say it like this, look, this coin brother say it like this, look, this coin brother 's house is being built. 's house is being built. 's house is being built. Okay, let's go. Okay, let's go. Okay, let's go. Everybody stop working.  Why should you stop working? Everybody stop working.  Why should you stop working? Everybody stop working.  Why should you stop working? Who the hell are you?  Wear dhoti and eat Who the hell are you?  Wear dhoti and eat Who the hell are you?  Wear dhoti and eat roti for 10 days.  You speak further.  Still his roti for 10 days.  You speak further.  Still his roti for 10 days.  You speak further.  Still his stomach is not full.  His name is Chandu Seth.   So stomach is not full.  His name is Chandu Seth.   So stomach is not full.  His name is Chandu Seth.   So you are a [ __ ] businessman.  So who the hell are you you are a [ __ ] businessman.  So who the hell are you you are a [ __ ] businessman.  So who the hell are you ? ? ? We are his bodyguards.   If there is a We are his bodyguards.   If there is a We are his bodyguards.   If there is a bodyguard then the body is not visible.   So bodyguard then the body is not visible.   So bodyguard then the body is not visible.   So what if there is no body?  I have a gun.  If you what if there is no body?  I have a gun.  If you what if there is no body?  I have a gun.  If you shoot one bullet it will go inside. shoot one bullet it will go inside. shoot one bullet it will go inside. Quickly call Sikka Bhai and call him here.   Let's Quickly call Sikka Bhai and call him here.   Let's apply it now. What?  It takes so long to defecate.  What should I What?  It takes so long to defecate.  What should I What?  It takes so long to defecate.  What should I do brother?  Had to go very far.  [Music] Hello.  Hey brother, learn it, some man came here Hello.  Hey brother, learn it, some man came here Hello.  Hey brother, learn it, some man came here and stopped your household work. and stopped your household work. and stopped your household work. So where have you guys stopped working?  Are you afraid of him So where have you guys stopped working?  Are you afraid of him So where have you guys stopped working?  Are you afraid of him ? ? ? No brother, he has brought a gun. No brother, he has brought a gun. No brother, he has brought a gun. Okay wait brother, I will bring the pistol. Okay wait brother, I will bring the pistol. Okay wait brother, I will bring the pistol. Come on, you take care of my business.  We will Come on, you take care of my business.  We will Come on, you take care of my business.  We will come right away. Go to the hardware store.  Are you the one who Go to the hardware store.  Are you the one who Go to the hardware store.  Are you the one who occupies everyone's building? occupies everyone's building? occupies everyone's building? Why have you occupied any building, sir? Why have you occupied any building, sir? Why have you occupied any building, sir? We have bought the entire building with our own money. We have bought the entire building with our own money. We have bought the entire building with our own money. Well, where did you get so much money Well, where did you get so much money Well, where did you get so much money from? from? from? Sir, I have a very big business.  It is a business worth Rs 5 crore. Sir, I have a very big business.  It is a business worth Rs 5 crore. Which business is it?  Come on, show me. Which business is it?  Come on, show me. Which business is it?  Come on, show me. Let's show it.  Let us go. Let's show it.  Let us go. Let's show it.  Let us go. Come sir. Come sir. Come sir. Look here, sir.  This is my business.  I have my Look here, sir.  This is my business.  I have my Look here, sir.  This is my business.  I have my own toilet.  This is your business worth Rs 5 crore. own toilet.  This is your business worth Rs 5 crore. own toilet.  This is your business worth Rs 5 crore. Yes sir.  Let's show you the inside.   It is Yes sir.  Let's show you the inside.   It is Yes sir.  Let's show you the inside.   It is completely luxurious. completely luxurious. completely luxurious. Look at this sir.  Hey, there is Look at this sir.  Hey, there is Look at this sir.  Hey, there is nothing here.  Where is all the hugging? nothing here.  Where is all the hugging? nothing here.  Where is all the hugging? Hey sir, you can't see such a big farm. Hey sir, you can't see such a big farm. Hey sir, you can't see such a big farm. Everyone defecates in the field.  And this Everyone defecates in the field.  And this Everyone defecates in the field.  And this entire farm is worth Rs 5 crore.  The bastard chases everyone out in the open entire farm is worth Rs 5 crore.  The bastard chases everyone out in the open entire farm is worth Rs 5 crore.  The bastard chases everyone out in the open and spreads dirt.  Sher Thana and spreads dirt.  Sher Thana and spreads dirt.  Sher Thana Sir. Sir. Sir. Take this, you bastard, Take this, you bastard, Take this, you bastard, you bribe the policeman. you bribe the policeman. you bribe the policeman. Ok.  Drive everyone away like this and drive them away by giving us money.  Come on.   Come on. Ok.  Drive everyone away like this and drive them away by giving us money.  Come on.   Come on. And not another sup.  Concentrate on work. And not another sup.  Concentrate on work. And not another sup.  Concentrate on work. Ok sir. Your coin has arrived, brother. Well, you are the one who stopped my household work. Well, you are the one who stopped my household work. Well, you are the one who stopped my household work. Who are you?  [ __ ] Seth.  Is he a Chaudu or a Seth? Who are you?  [ __ ] Seth.  Is he a Chaudu or a Seth? Who are you?  [ __ ] Seth.  Is he a Chaudu or a Seth? Decide first. Decide first. Decide first. Hey, my name is Chondu Seth. Hey, my name is Chondu Seth. Hey, my name is Chondu Seth. Good [ __ ] Seth.  I have Good [ __ ] Seth.  I have Good [ __ ] Seth.  I have no enmity with you.  Then why have you stopped my household work no enmity with you.  Then why have you stopped my household work no enmity with you.  Then why have you stopped my household work ?  You have ?  You have ?  You have occupied the building in my area.  Quietly occupied the building in my area.  Quietly transfer it to the name of the builder in whose name it was.  Otherwise it will be very bad. transfer it to the name of the builder in whose name it was.  Otherwise it will be very bad. transfer it to the name of the builder in whose name it was.  Otherwise it will be very bad. Sikka Bhai, this Chandu Seth is a very Sikka Bhai, this Chandu Seth is a very Sikka Bhai, this Chandu Seth is a very dangerous man.  Quickly transfer that building in his dangerous man.  Quickly transfer that building in his dangerous man.  Quickly transfer that building in his name.   That's name.   That's name.   That's ok.  They will transfer the building in his name. ok.  They will transfer the building in his name. ok.  They will transfer the building in his name. But we need 2 days time. But we need 2 days time. But we need 2 days time. Why two days?  Come and do it now. Why two days?  Come and do it now. Why two days?  Come and do it now. Hey brother, I have rented that building.   It will have to be Hey brother, I have rented that building.   It will have to be Hey brother, I have rented that building.   It will have to be emptied first.   That's emptied first.   That's emptied first.   That's ok.  It shouldn't be two to three days. ok.  It shouldn't be two to three days. ok.  It shouldn't be two to three days. okay brother.  Come on. Come on, come on.  Come on, you continue your work. Come on, come on.  Come on, you continue your work. Come on, come on.  Come on, you continue your work. Come on Sikka Bhai, Sikka Bhai, Sikka Bhai, we are scared of Chodu Sir. we are scared of Chodu Sir. we are scared of Chodu Sir. You should tell me that he is a dangerous man. You should tell me that he is a dangerous man. You should tell me that he is a dangerous man. Yes brother, it is dangerous.  He has a very big Yes brother, it is dangerous.  He has a very big Yes brother, it is dangerous.  He has a very big business.  That guy is a very big man.  So are business.  That guy is a very big man.  So are business.  That guy is a very big man.  So are we small people?  Did you think it was a coin after hearing the name coin we small people?  Did you think it was a coin after hearing the name coin we small people?  Did you think it was a coin after hearing the name coin ?  The name is coin, they keep a ?  The name is coin, they keep a ?  The name is coin, they keep a bundle of Rs 500.  Let us go. bundle of Rs 500.  Let us go. bundle of Rs 500.  Let us go. What did you think?  They will transfer the building in his name. What did you think?  They will transfer the building in his name. What did you think?  They will transfer the building in his name. This will never happen.  You just This will never happen.  You just This will never happen.  You just watch [music] wait. This forest falls in Chondu Seth's area.   Do This forest falls in Chondu Seth's area.   Do This forest falls in Chondu Seth's area.   Do n't show up here again, otherwise we won't leave you alive.  Come on. n't show up here again, otherwise we won't leave you alive.  Come on. Brother, it's been two days.  Sikka Bhai, that Brother, it's been two days.  Sikka Bhai, that Brother, it's been two days.  Sikka Bhai, that building has not been transferred in his name yet. building has not been transferred in his name yet. building has not been transferred in his name yet. What?  I called him. What?  I called him. What?  I called him. okay brother.  [MUSIC] Here you go, brother. brother. brother. What coin?  It's been two days. What coin?  It's been two days. What coin?  It's been two days. Why hasn't that building been named after him yet? Why hasn't that building been named after him yet? Why hasn't that building been named after him yet? Which building?  That building has been sold Which building?  That building has been sold Which building?  That building has been sold brother. brother. brother. Sold it.  To whom did you sell it? Sold it.  To whom did you sell it? Sold it.  To whom did you sell it? Why did I tell you to whom I should sell it? Why did I tell you to whom I should sell it? Why did I tell you to whom I should sell it? Listen, coin.  Maybe you don't know us well. Listen, coin.  Maybe you don't know us well. Listen, coin.  Maybe you don't know us well. We know you very well. We know you very well. We know you very well. Maybe you don't know us well. Maybe you don't know us well. Maybe you don't know us well. Well tell me where are you?  We come right there.  We will get to know each other Well tell me where are you?  We come right there.  We will get to know each other Well tell me where are you?  We come right there.  We will get to know each other well.  There well.  There well.  There is no need to come anywhere.  Just look back. is no need to come anywhere.  Just look back. is no need to come anywhere.  Just look back. What happened?  Were you surprised to see me with these people What happened?  Were you surprised to see me with these people What happened?  Were you surprised to see me with these people ?  We know you very well. ?  We know you very well. ?  We know you very well. You were a [ __ ] earlier.  Then they occupied the houses of these poor people. You were a [ __ ] earlier.  Then they occupied the houses of these poor people. You were a [ __ ] earlier.  Then they occupied the houses of these poor people. Occupied the land. Occupied the land. Occupied the land. Built a factory there and earned a lot of money. Built a factory there and earned a lot of money. Built a factory there and earned a lot of money. After that you transformed from a [ __ ] to a [ __ ] businessman. After that you transformed from a [ __ ] to a [ __ ] businessman. After that you transformed from a [ __ ] to a [ __ ] businessman. You are a big bastard.  What are you looking at?  Shoot him, You are a big bastard.  What are you looking at?  Shoot him, You are a big bastard.  What are you looking at?  Shoot him, break his skull. break his skull. break his skull. Hey, did you understand that you screamed after hearing the name Sikka?   I Hey, did you understand that you screamed after hearing the name Sikka?   I Hey, did you understand that you screamed after hearing the name Sikka?   I keep a bundle of Rs 5500.  I will throw two decks and keep a bundle of Rs 5500.  I will throw two decks and keep a bundle of Rs 5500.  I will throw two decks and both men will come towards me. Tell me, brother, Tell me, brother, Tell me, brother, shoot the [ __ ] in the head.  Open it, you bastard. We knew that he would definitely betray you.   That's We knew that he would definitely betray you.   That's We knew that he would definitely betray you.   That's why we fired the bullet earlier. why we fired the bullet earlier. why we fired the bullet earlier. Hey, why do you need a gun to kill a [ __ ] Hey, why do you need a gun to kill a [ __ ] Hey, why do you need a gun to kill a [ __ ] ?  We are enough alone.  You stay here. ?  We are enough alone.  You stay here. ?  We are enough alone.  You stay here. [Music] The bastard pretends to be smart by being a [ __ ].  He occupies the bastard pretends to be smart by being a [ __ ].  He occupies the bastard pretends to be smart by being a [ __ ].  He occupies the houses of the poor.  Now you all are in your own houses of the poor.  Now you all are in your own houses of the poor.  Now you all are in your own homes.