Come on, we have reached. The buyer of this building.
No sir, I haven't found it yet. This
building is very expensive. The guy runs away just after hearing the rates. If he runs away after
hearing the rate then find a deaf customer.
Who are you? Hey,
tell him about me.
This is the coin brother. He has come to buy your building.
He will buy my building. Looking at Haliya, it does
n't seem like he will be able to buy it. This entire building is worth Rs
5 crore.
Okay, here you drink the tea. Hey, did you think I was
screaming after hearing the name Sikka?
We are very rich. The name is coin, they keep notes.
Quickly transfer this building in my name
otherwise.
Will hit headshot with bat.
What is the need to hit headshots in this? Give me Rs 5
crore and get the building registered in your name.
Who said that they have come to demolish your building by paying money?
So they have come to take over. The gun is not visible. Come on.
Take out the house paper and you
take out the pen and sign it.
We will not sign.
What did you say?
First listen to the whole thing. We will not sign, we will
stamp. He is illiterate.
How did this illiterate guy become so rich?
Brother, nowadays only illiterate people become rich. Then
how did you remain poor? Hey brother,
leave me alone, you get it signed. That's
correct. Come on, sign it, which means slap me.
Yes. Come on now people. do one thing. [ __ ] this building. The
money will remain like this. Ambulatory.
How many feet is that? It
is 40 feet. Will this
bastard take over my land?
Who are you? I wear dhoti, eat 10
rotis, still my stomach is not full. My
name is Chandu Seth. This land is mine. I bought it six months
ago. I bought it a year ago.
Look at the land papers. Hey,
why are you guys looking at his face? Beat him up and
break his face. The
bastard will occupy Chowkisar's land. Come on.
Hey sir, we're on the road in a flash. Have you
come on the road? He is
saying the right thing. We have come on the road.
Do one thing, come here. It's
fine now.
Hey sir, don't joke. You built a building with so much hard work.
Shika Bhai came and captured it too.
You don't worry. Just 5 days. Within 5 days,
Sikka Bhai himself will transfer his building to my name.
How is that? Take
out the F.
It is in your packet.
Okay, we will take it out.
Hello hello Chandu Seth,
yes tell me, we have built a building with a lot of hard work,
Sikka Bhai has occupied it, despite me being here,
who
is this Sikka,
hey brother, don't underestimate me by hearing the name Sikka, he is a
very dangerous man,
you should take me lightly, what do I wear, dhoti, I
eat 10 rotis, still
my stomach is not full, my name is Chandu Seth, tell me where can I find
this Sikka, I will find him,
otherwise I will have to search for him.
You don't worry. We will find him.
Within 5 days that business will be in your name. Come on, come on.
Hey, why are you acting like this? Brother, did
n't you see that I had fallen behind? Hey friend, at
least look before driving. Come on [music] don't wander off
like that. Go and get yourself treated.
Okay boss, go ahead.
Amazing
good morning sir.
Good Morning. Good Morning. come sit.
So tell me, how's business going? Business is
going very well, sir. Since morning, 200 people have to defecate
and 50 people have to urinate.
Wow, the business is really going well. did
you poop?
No sir, I am not feeling it.
So how is the path going? Go and hug first.
Ok sir. [laughter]
Now, why do you always keep this coin locked in your pocket
? One day, a whole
₹00 was stolen from my pocket. From that day onwards I
keep it locked in my pocket.
Now I keep ₹2000 in my pocket.
Where do you get so much money from? From Probo.
Probo?
Yes. Govo is India's leading online skill
gaming app with over 40 million
users converting their knowledge and skills into earnings
and making real profits daily.
Okay, but let me
tell you what needs to be done in this. Look, here you have to
analyze the questions using your knowledge and skills and
answer them in yes or no. Like
here right now the question of India vs Pakistan is
going on. Will India
win the match against Pakistan? Will he score
50 runs in the power play? Well brother, is it
only about cricket? Oh
no brother, apart from cricket, there are questions
related to crypto news, gaming, Bollywood and everything else.
The more knowledge you have, the
more real
profit you can earn on Pro and as per your limit on Pro, you
can easily withdraw your winnings to your account through UPI.
Okay, let's download it now.
Hey brother, I have given the link in my description.
You will get
up to ₹100 if you download from there. ok brother let's download it now. do it.
You have so much money, brother. It is such a
big building. Still you are doing this
small business. No business is
small. Business is business. That's all
fine. No, let's do some other business.
Here you are sitting with the toilet open.
what did you say? They keep coins in their name. If you
speak too much, I will beat you. Headshot from the septum.
Ok sir. I will not speak from now on.
Yes.
₹1 has been imposed forcefully.
Hey wait wait where are you going? Going to run away. Do you
urinate loudly?
Yes.
So I will take 500 rupees.
500 Yes, we take 500 from whoever feels it is more serious.
Remove it quickly otherwise it will get painted.
Okay, I will give it to you now. This bastard takes advantage of helplessness. Will have to pick it up.
Hey, there is
nothing here. Where have you come?
You can't see that big field behind.
Take water in a pot and go to the field.
Go quickly otherwise there will be pantam.
Sikka Bhai, you are doing a big wrong.
What are you doing wrong? He is making
everyone go to the fields. They are spreading dirt.
So what to do then?
Build a tank, build a bathroom and then make them
defecate in it. Well, tell me one thing, when everyone
defecates in the bathroom and when the tank gets full,
where does one empty it?
In the field.
So we are getting it done directly in the fields.
What is the need to create so much fuss?
Hey hey what are you going to do? I am going to pee.
Who will pay here?
Hey brother, apply it very hard, I will give it to
you after peeing.
No, give it to me first. Take this, brother.
Hey, how much are you giving?
₹5.
Invested money hard?
Yes.
So I will take ₹500 from you. Take it out.
₹500 for turning?
Yes. Yes, I will take the box and pee here for 500 rupees.
Hey, if you pee anywhere, we will
call the police. Take out 500 rupees, hey brother,
take this.
Hey, there is nothing here. Where is the urine?
You can't see that big field behind. Go turn away. Just
tell me where you want to pee.
Yes, you should not pee anywhere. He can
pee in the field behind. Go back, that is my land.
Like this
Hey Lamar, come here,
what's up, brother? Do you
know the coin?
Hey brother, who doesn't know the coin?
Everyone knows the coin.
Where is the coin? Wait a minute.
Yellow.
Hey, this is not a coin, brother. If it is there then
say it like this, look, this coin brother
's house is being built.
Okay, let's go.
Everybody stop working. Why should you stop working?
Who the hell are you? Wear dhoti and eat
roti for 10 days. You speak further. Still his
stomach is not full. His name is Chandu Seth. So
you are a [ __ ] businessman. So who the hell are you
?
We are his bodyguards. If there is a
bodyguard then the body is not visible. So
what if there is no body? I have a gun. If you
shoot one bullet it will go inside.
Quickly call Sikka Bhai and call him here. Let's
apply it now.
What? It takes so long to defecate. What should I
do brother? Had to go very far. [Music]
Hello. Hey brother, learn it, some man came here
and stopped your household work.
So where have you guys stopped working? Are you afraid of him
?
No brother, he has brought a gun.
Okay wait brother, I will bring the pistol.
Come on, you take care of my business. We will
come right away.
Go to the hardware store. Are you the one who
occupies everyone's building?
Why have you occupied any building, sir?
We have bought the entire building with our own money.
Well, where did you get so much money
from?
Sir, I have a very big business. It is a business worth Rs 5 crore.
Which business is it? Come on, show me.
Let's show it. Let us go.
Come sir.
Look here, sir. This is my business. I have my
own toilet. This is your business worth Rs 5 crore.
Yes sir. Let's show you the inside. It is
completely luxurious.
Look at this sir. Hey, there is
nothing here. Where is all the hugging?
Hey sir, you can't see such a big farm.
Everyone defecates in the field. And this
entire farm is worth Rs 5 crore. The bastard chases everyone out in the open
and spreads dirt. Sher Thana
Sir.
Take this, you bastard,
you bribe the policeman.
Ok. Drive everyone away like this and drive them away by giving us money. Come on. Come on.
And not another sup. Concentrate on work.
Ok sir.
Your coin has arrived, brother.
Well, you are the one who stopped my household work.
Who are you? [ __ ] Seth. Is he a Chaudu or a Seth?
Decide first.
Hey, my name is Chondu Seth.
Good [ __ ] Seth. I have
no enmity with you. Then why have you stopped my household work
? You have
occupied the building in my area. Quietly
transfer it to the name of the builder in whose name it was. Otherwise it will be very bad.
Sikka Bhai, this Chandu Seth is a very
dangerous man. Quickly transfer that building in his
name. That's
ok. They will transfer the building in his name.
But we need 2 days time.
Why two days? Come and do it now.
Hey brother, I have rented that building. It will have to be
emptied first. That's
ok. It shouldn't be two to three days.
okay brother. Come on.
Come on, come on. Come on, you continue your work.
Come on
Sikka Bhai,
we are scared of Chodu Sir.
You should tell me that he is a dangerous man.
Yes brother, it is dangerous. He has a very big
business. That guy is a very big man. So are
we small people? Did you think it was a coin after hearing the name coin
? The name is coin, they keep a
bundle of Rs 500. Let us go.
What did you think? They will transfer the building in his name.
This will never happen. You just
watch [music]
wait.
This forest falls in Chondu Seth's area. Do
n't show up here again, otherwise we won't leave you alive. Come on.
Brother, it's been two days. Sikka Bhai, that
building has not been transferred in his name yet.
What? I called him.
okay brother. [MUSIC] Here you go,
brother.
What coin? It's been two days.
Why hasn't that building been named after him yet?
Which building? That building has been sold
brother.
Sold it. To whom did you sell it?
Why did I tell you to whom I should sell it?
Listen, coin. Maybe you don't know us well.
We know you very well.
Maybe you don't know us well.
Well tell me where are you? We come right there. We will get to know each other
well. There
is no need to come anywhere. Just look back.
What happened? Were you surprised to see me with these people
? We know you very well.
You were a [ __ ] earlier. Then they occupied the houses of these poor people.
Occupied the land.
Built a factory there and earned a lot of money.
After that you transformed from a [ __ ] to a [ __ ] businessman.
You are a big bastard. What are you looking at? Shoot him,
break his skull.
Hey, did you understand that you screamed after hearing the name Sikka? I
keep a bundle of Rs 5500. I will throw two decks and
both men will come towards me.
Tell me, brother,
shoot the [ __ ] in the head. Open it, you bastard.
We knew that he would definitely betray you. That's
why we fired the bullet earlier.
Hey, why do you need a gun to kill a [ __ ]
? We are enough alone. You stay here.
[Music] The
bastard pretends to be smart by being a [ __ ]. He occupies the
houses of the poor. Now you all are in your own
homes.
