Give it up evening for Shastri Singh. Give it up evening for Shastri Singh. Give it up evening for Shastri Singh. I'm in my mid 30s currently. I turn I'm in my mid 30s currently. I turn I'm in my mid 30s currently. I turn 35 recently. Ah then I turned 36 also. Ah 35 recently. Ah then I turned 36 also. Ah 35 recently. Ah then I turned 36 also. Ah I have a little problem. Ok. I have my I have a little problem. Ok. I have my I have a little problem. Ok. I have my There is always some hesitation in revealing one's age. There is always some hesitation in revealing one's age. There is always some hesitation in revealing one's age. In fact, there is so much hesitation that every time In fact, there is so much hesitation that every time In fact, there is so much hesitation that every time I have asked this question before I have asked this question before I have asked this question before Process the question from my mouth Process the question from my mouth Process the question from my mouth The smaller number is automatically selected. The smaller number is automatically selected. The smaller number is automatically selected. And I Never Thought It's a Big Deal I Think And I Never Thought It's a Big Deal I Think And I Never Thought It's a Big Deal I Think Okay brother, what can I do now? Okay brother, what can I do now? Okay brother, what can I do now? Am. But recently I have been informed Am. But recently I have been informed Am. But recently I have been informed Okay, by one of my younger friends, of course. Okay, by one of my younger friends, of course. Okay, by one of my younger friends, of course. This is apparently very problematic behavior. This is apparently very problematic behavior. This is apparently very problematic behavior. Is. Apparently, I'm doing this because Is. Apparently, I'm doing this because Is. Apparently, I'm doing this because Because somewhere deep inside my subconscious Because somewhere deep inside my subconscious Because somewhere deep inside my subconscious Believes that in aging women Believes that in aging women Believes that in aging women There is no value in the society. are understanding There is no value in the society. are understanding There is no value in the society. are understanding You guys? So my subconscious keeps me in the game You guys? So my subconscious keeps me in the game You guys? So my subconscious keeps me in the game To keep alive. automatically minus one To keep alive. automatically minus one To keep alive. automatically minus one and is outputting it. and is outputting it. and is outputting it. I felt very embarrassed after hearing this. What happened? I felt very embarrassed after hearing this. What happened? I felt very embarrassed after hearing this. What happened? [ __ ] man, how stupid I turned out to be. [ __ ] man, how stupid I turned out to be. [ __ ] man, how stupid I turned out to be. subconscious subconscious subconscious How much of a fool did you become once? How much of a fool did you become once? How much of a fool did you become once? I am able to subtract only one number I have studied so much maths and science in my life. I have studied so much maths and science in my life. I have studied so much maths and science in my life. I don't have the confidence to make it minus five. I don't have the confidence to make it minus five. I don't have the confidence to make it minus five. I can come [laughs] I can come [laughs] I can come [laughs] My age is 37 actually ok but I need a My age is 37 actually ok but I need a My age is 37 actually ok but I need a minute to get comfortable ok now i am done minute to get comfortable ok now i am done minute to get comfortable ok now i am done Comfortable like actually came also till 2018 Comfortable like actually came also till 2018 Comfortable like actually came also till 2018 I used to have a corporate job, okay? I used to have a corporate job, okay? I used to have a corporate job, okay? Used to have a job in marketing and Used to have a job in marketing and Used to have a job in marketing and Stand Up Used to Be My Hobby 2018 Stand Up Used to Be My Hobby 2018 Stand Up Used to Be My Hobby 2018 Since then, stand-up has become my job and Since then, stand-up has become my job and Since then, stand-up has become my job and Therapy Has Become My Hobby Therapy Has Become My Hobby Therapy Has Become My Hobby I'm really into therapy, actually a little bit. I'm really into therapy, actually a little bit. I'm really into therapy, actually a little bit. Passion is the same type, let me tell you yes Passion is the same type, let me tell you yes Passion is the same type, let me tell you yes I'm one of those people I see as a therapist I'm one of those people I see as a therapist I'm one of those people I see as a therapist When I go near you, I just bring questions. When I go near you, I just bring questions. When I go near you, I just bring questions. Complete research analysis by forming a team Complete research analysis by forming a team Complete research analysis by forming a team I go, I will tell him too, someone I go, I will tell him too, someone I go, I will tell him too, someone Good conversation of travelling na a in Good conversation of travelling na a in Good conversation of travelling na a in My In My Early Days in Therapy My Questions My In My Early Days in Therapy My Questions My In My Early Days in Therapy My Questions He was a bit of a youthful type, okay I would He was a bit of a youthful type, okay I would He was a bit of a youthful type, okay I would Present to her problems like that you know Present to her problems like that you know Present to her problems like that you know what that I you know I understand what that I you know I understand what that I you know I understand that the men I like, they don't that the men I like, they don't that the men I like, they don't Typically like me back and because otherwise Typically like me back and because otherwise Typically like me back and because otherwise I'm so perfect I think this I'm so perfect I think this I'm so perfect I think this is happening because I am attracted to is happening because I am attracted to is happening because I am attracted to emotionally unavailable men because I have some emotionally unavailable men because I have some emotionally unavailable men because I have some There is a mental health issue. Yes. so can you help There is a mental health issue. Yes. so can you help There is a mental health issue. Yes. so can you help Me decode that figure that out. those early days Me decode that figure that out. those early days Me decode that figure that out. those early days My therapist just told me My therapist just told me My therapist just told me It was that look at the people who have mental health issues It was that look at the people who have mental health issues It was that look at the people who have mental health issues It happens that he comes to therapy jumping around so much. It happens that he comes to therapy jumping around so much. It happens that he comes to therapy jumping around so much. Not there. Not there. Not there. They are not that excited about us. They are not that excited about us. They are not that excited about us. I had to push them to get close. I had to push them to get close. I had to push them to get close. Is. I am saying that your enthusiasm is therapy. Is. I am saying that your enthusiasm is therapy. Is. I am saying that your enthusiasm is therapy. I would not worry too much after seeing him I would not worry too much after seeing him I would not worry too much after seeing him About your mental health. saying most About your mental health. saying most About your mental health. saying most What is probably happening is that that man What is probably happening is that that man What is probably happening is that that man Just Don't Like You OK Just Don't Like You OK Just Don't Like You OK Which is okay, which is all right you have to Which is okay, which is all right you have to Which is okay, which is all right you have to Like you people don't have to like you okay of Like you people don't have to like you okay of Like you people don't have to like you okay of Of course it was quite bootle, this conversation on butt Of course it was quite bootle, this conversation on butt Of course it was quite bootle, this conversation on butt Once I digested this, it was Once I digested this, it was Once I digested this, it was Easy for me to move on in life over years Easy for me to move on in life over years Easy for me to move on in life over years I would like to believe that my questions to him I would like to believe that my questions to him I would like to believe that my questions to him It had become a little deeper at some point It had become a little deeper at some point It had become a little deeper at some point I was telling my therapist that I understood I was telling my therapist that I understood I was telling my therapist that I understood I have come to know that attachment is also a problem for every person. I have come to know that attachment is also a problem for every person. I have come to know that attachment is also a problem for every person. is the root of. Yes, I understand. Very is the root of. Yes, I understand. Very is the root of. Yes, I understand. Very I have watched YouTube videos on this topic. I have watched YouTube videos on this topic. I have watched YouTube videos on this topic. Pay. Yes, I understand. I want to Pay. Yes, I understand. I want to Pay. Yes, I understand. I want to If I do love etc. now then I will become a Sufi If I do love etc. now then I will become a Sufi If I do love etc. now then I will become a Sufi I should do something woofy type. Yes, Khwaja is I should do something woofy type. Yes, Khwaja is I should do something woofy type. Yes, Khwaja is I should operate in my Khwaja zone. Yes I should operate in my Khwaja zone. Yes I should operate in my Khwaja zone. Yes That my love is so true and so abundant That my love is so true and so abundant That my love is so true and so abundant yes. Yes, that love itself should be its reward yes. Yes, that love itself should be its reward yes. Yes, that love itself should be its reward In itself. I say I love you and run away In itself. I say I love you and run away In itself. I say I love you and run away I will take it. Are? And I have such a thought in my mind I will take it. Are? And I have such a thought in my mind I will take it. Are? And I have such a thought in my mind Let the feeling happen. Ok. Let the feeling happen. Ok. Let the feeling happen. Ok. I am asking him that when I take so much I am asking him that when I take so much I am asking him that when I take so much If I am loving truly and abundantly then If I am loving truly and abundantly then If I am loving truly and abundantly then Why do I feel so disconnected again? Why do I feel so disconnected again? Why do I feel so disconnected again? Is? Is? Is? Can you help me solve that? When I do all this Can you help me solve that? When I do all this Can you help me solve that? When I do all this I was just talking, then I could see bold in I was just talking, then I could see bold in I was just talking, then I could see bold in My Therapist Eyes. ok yes on his face My Therapist Eyes. ok yes on his face My Therapist Eyes. ok yes on his face There was such a death look. Yes, he is mine There was such a death look. Yes, he is mine There was such a death look. Yes, he is mine I waited patiently for him to finish the whole conversation. I waited patiently for him to finish the whole conversation. I waited patiently for him to finish the whole conversation. And then suddenly she says, look, I can And then suddenly she says, look, I can And then suddenly she says, look, I can Summarize your problem for you in two lines. Summarize your problem for you in two lines. Summarize your problem for you in two lines. Say, your problem is that you Say, your problem is that you Say, your problem is that you Looks like you are very evolved. We you Looks like you are very evolved. We you Looks like you are very evolved. We you You seem very innovative and genuine. You seem very innovative and genuine. You seem very innovative and genuine. You are walking a very basic bed. The sooner we get to know this The sooner we get to know this The sooner we get to know this The sooner we get on the path to healing The sooner we get on the path to healing The sooner we get on the path to healing You can move ahead. And she's telling you more You can move ahead. And she's telling you more You can move ahead. And she's telling you more There is no problem. some other problem There is no problem. some other problem There is no problem. some other problem No. All you need is a lonely dying inside you No. All you need is a lonely dying inside you No. All you need is a lonely dying inside you There is fear. which is very normal ok There is fear. which is very normal ok There is fear. which is very normal ok Which is part of the human condition. saying Which is part of the human condition. saying Which is part of the human condition. saying Yours truly, Extra Pathetic Yours truly, Extra Pathetic Yours truly, Extra Pathetic Extra [ __ ] compulsive is extra needy. Extra [ __ ] compulsive is extra needy. Extra [ __ ] compulsive is extra needy. But it is solvable. Ok? And I Feel Again But it is solvable. Ok? And I Feel Again But it is solvable. Ok? And I Feel Again This conversation was very insulting, but This conversation was very insulting, but This conversation was very insulting, but Very insightful. ah because with as you do you Very insightful. ah because with as you do you Very insightful. ah because with as you do you No Ways to Overcome Your Fear of Dying No Ways to Overcome Your Fear of Dying No Ways to Overcome Your Fear of Dying Alone, right? With age, you know, you start Alone, right? With age, you know, you start Alone, right? With age, you know, you start Liking Your Own Company, With As You Start Liking Your Own Company, With As You Start Liking Your Own Company, With As You Start Hating Other People's Company. Ah With Age Hating Other People's Company. Ah With Age Hating Other People's Company. Ah With Age Realize how good a format friendship is Realize how good a format friendship is Realize how good a format friendship is Is. Do not be alone. If your friend is married Is. Do not be alone. If your friend is married Is. Do not be alone. If your friend is married If yes, they will help you a lot. because you hang If yes, they will help you a lot. because you hang If yes, they will help you a lot. because you hang Out with your married friends. Your Fear of Out with your married friends. Your Fear of Out with your married friends. Your Fear of Dying loan is completely eliminated. Dying loan is completely eliminated. Dying loan is completely eliminated. Like brother, death goes by very quickly. Like brother, death goes by very quickly. Like brother, death goes by very quickly. Has been. What is this long horror story going on? Has been. What is this long horror story going on? Has been. What is this long horror story going on? It is with these people. It is with these people. It is with these people. The Grass Has Never Been Less Been on the Other The Grass Has Never Been Less Been on the Other The Grass Has Never Been Less Been on the Other Side. What are we doing with the grass? Side. What are we doing with the grass? Side. What are we doing with the grass? People? with as you also realize that you know life with as you also realize that you know life with as you also realize that you know life I will definitely feel happy. you on your bus I will definitely feel happy. you on your bus I will definitely feel happy. you on your bus What is in me is your perspective. What is in me is your perspective. What is in me is your perspective. Perspective Start Figuring Out How To Perspective Start Figuring Out How To Perspective Start Figuring Out How To Improve your perspective on life. So I Improve your perspective on life. So I Improve your perspective on life. So I For this, many philosophers have to For this, many philosophers have to For this, many philosophers have to I follow you on Instagram. I follow you on Instagram. I follow you on Instagram. Very helpful okay. One One Buddhist Monk Very helpful okay. One One Buddhist Monk Very helpful okay. One One Buddhist Monk I follow him and keep repeating that you know a good I follow him and keep repeating that you know a good I follow him and keep repeating that you know a good The Way to Exist in the World Is Where You Are The Way to Exist in the World Is Where You Are The Way to Exist in the World Is Where You Are Feel I am okay and you are okay. Oh, this I Feel I am okay and you are okay. Oh, this I Feel I am okay and you are okay. Oh, this I I practiced for a few years and realized this I practiced for a few years and realized this I practiced for a few years and realized this Only Buddhist monks can say everything. Only Buddhist monks can say everything. Only Buddhist monks can say everything. Are. who himself climbs the mountain and sits there Are. who himself climbs the mountain and sits there Are. who himself climbs the mountain and sits there and are not interacting with the world at all and are not interacting with the world at all and are not interacting with the world at all There are. Everyone here is saying that There are. Everyone here is saying that There are. Everyone here is saying that Looks cute. Looks cute. Looks cute. It looks very cute. very beautiful It looks very cute. very beautiful It looks very cute. very beautiful It's enough. Don't come near and irritate me It's enough. Don't come near and irritate me It's enough. Don't come near and irritate me Times. Times. Times. I think that's for most of us regulars. I think that's for most of us regulars. I think that's for most of us regulars. Ficus religiosa. A More Practical Way to Exist In Ficus religiosa. A More Practical Way to Exist In Ficus religiosa. A More Practical Way to Exist In The World Is Where You Feel I'm Not Okay. The World Is Where You Feel I'm Not Okay. The World Is Where You Feel I'm Not Okay. But you are verse. I am not okay. I am not okay. I am not okay. I am not okay but you are so bad. I feel better. I am not okay but you are so bad. I feel better. I am not okay but you are so bad. I feel better. Ok? Ok? Ok? No matter how much I have lost you in my life No matter how much I have lost you in my life No matter how much I have lost you in my life It looks a bit too cut off. what a It looks a bit too cut off. what a It looks a bit too cut off. what a Beautiful Way to Exist. Ok. I think Beautiful Way to Exist. Ok. I think Beautiful Way to Exist. Ok. I think This is how we all operate by default. This is how we all operate by default. This is how we all operate by default. That our child has failed in school. That our child has failed in school. That our child has failed in school. Oh [ __ ] but he's doing drugs. Our daughter-in-law talks using abusive language. his Our daughter-in-law talks using abusive language. his Our daughter-in-law talks using abusive language. his She hits me with her slippers. Oh my god She hits me with her slippers. Oh my god She hits me with her slippers. Oh my god There is so much emptiness in my life. Loneliness There is so much emptiness in my life. Loneliness There is so much emptiness in my life. Loneliness Is. Oh no they have two kids. Oh my God Is. Oh no they have two kids. Oh my God Is. Oh no they have two kids. Oh my God then sit then sit then sit Our Modi ji is his drum. Oh my god Our Modi ji is his drum. Oh my god Our Modi ji is his drum. Oh my god Please sit so much. Shameless Shameless Shameless Shameless. Say look at yourself okay. I think Say look at yourself okay. I think Say look at yourself okay. I think In the last two and a half years, we In the last two and a half years, we In the last two and a half years, we The happiness index automatically went up. The happiness index automatically went up. The happiness index automatically went up. Went. Went. Went. People are saying brother, we should get it cut. People are saying brother, we should get it cut. People are saying brother, we should get it cut. Get it cut, look people, what are you getting yours done? Get it cut, look people, what are you getting yours done? Get it cut, look people, what are you getting yours done? with? Is there vote theft going on there? What with? Is there vote theft going on there? What with? Is there vote theft going on there? What Was it his compulsion brother? Was it his compulsion brother? Was it his compulsion brother? What I'm telling you is you know I think What I'm telling you is you know I think What I'm telling you is you know I think many of us know now that you know that your many of us know now that you know that your many of us know now that you know that your Mental health is going well. One of its Mental health is going well. One of its Mental health is going well. One of its The sign is that brother, on his worst day The sign is that brother, on his worst day The sign is that brother, on his worst day You should also not feel jealous of someone else. You should also not feel jealous of someone else. You should also not feel jealous of someone else. You just assume that brother, we are sad. You just assume that brother, we are sad. You just assume that brother, we are sad. So what? Ambani also feels sad sometimes. So what? Ambani also feels sad sometimes. So what? Ambani also feels sad sometimes. It must be friend. There are problems in everyone's life It must be friend. There are problems in everyone's life It must be friend. There are problems in everyone's life remains. It's a Very Healthy Way to remains. It's a Very Healthy Way to remains. It's a Very Healthy Way to Exist. But the opposite also happens that you Exist. But the opposite also happens that you Exist. But the opposite also happens that you No, sometimes you realize that your mental state is so No, sometimes you realize that your mental state is so No, sometimes you realize that your mental state is so It's going badly that no matter how much you support someone It's going badly that no matter how much you support someone It's going badly that no matter how much you support someone Listen to my sorrow, do you think he has just said this to me? Listen to my sorrow, do you think he has just said this to me? Listen to my sorrow, do you think he has just said this to me? He has not opened his mouth. When my story He has not opened his mouth. When my story He has not opened his mouth. When my story Will you come out? even the birds cry Will you come out? even the birds cry Will you come out? even the birds cry I will give it brother. Are? tears of the universe I will give it brother. Are? tears of the universe I will give it brother. Are? tears of the universe Will go. [Laughter] Will go. [Laughter] Will go. [Laughter] okay so last year some time if we last okay so last year some time if we last okay so last year some time if we last Year I found myself in this state that where Year I found myself in this state that where Year I found myself in this state that where I am talking to someone and if I am talking to someone and if I am talking to someone and if What is the biggest problem going on in your life? What is the biggest problem going on in your life? What is the biggest problem going on in your life? Yes, if you tell me about it, I will pity myself Yes, if you tell me about it, I will pity myself Yes, if you tell me about it, I will pity myself I'll start eating upstairs, okay, I will. I'll start eating upstairs, okay, I will. I'll start eating upstairs, okay, I will. Explain I will explain like one day Explain I will explain like one day Explain I will explain like one day I was talking to my college friend. I was talking to my college friend. I was talking to my college friend. I have a college friend who now lives in London. I have a college friend who now lives in London. I have a college friend who now lives in London. I work for Facebook I work for Facebook I work for Facebook Call her just to say happy birthday Call her just to say happy birthday Call her just to say happy birthday Did it go on its own tangent? Did it go on its own tangent? Did it go on its own tangent? She said, what a birthday, what a birthday, so many She said, what a birthday, what a birthday, so many She said, what a birthday, what a birthday, so many We have grown up, do you know how much? We have grown up, do you know how much? We have grown up, do you know how much? I have a job and two children. I have a job and two children. I have a job and two children. The dog is also a husband. The dog is also a husband. The dog is also a husband. I deal with all this throughout the day. Then I I deal with all this throughout the day. Then I I deal with all this throughout the day. Then I Attendance on the mums' WhatsApp group Attendance on the mums' WhatsApp group Attendance on the mums' WhatsApp group I am going to apply it. Then I take the husband to his four I am going to apply it. Then I take the husband to his four I am going to apply it. Then I take the husband to his four I will remind you of the work. Then I bottles I will remind you of the work. Then I bottles I will remind you of the work. Then I bottles I sell it. Then I sleep. Then I sell it. Then I sleep. Then I sell it. Then I sleep. Then I wake up and the same day repeats itself. I wake up and the same day repeats itself. I wake up and the same day repeats itself. It happens. And she says this is the worst part It happens. And she says this is the worst part It happens. And she says this is the worst part That I collected everything by myself That I collected everything by myself That I collected everything by myself Is. Yes, I ticked all these boxes myself. Is. Yes, I ticked all these boxes myself. Is. Yes, I ticked all these boxes myself. I want this in my life, this too I want this in my life, this too I want this in my life, this too I want it, I want this too, now I have it all. I I want it, I want this too, now I have it all. I I want it, I want this too, now I have it all. I Hate it all. I'm in the Prison of My Own Hate it all. I'm in the Prison of My Own Hate it all. I'm in the Prison of My Own Creation. I can't even run away, I don't know Creation. I can't even run away, I don't know Creation. I can't even run away, I don't know what to do full ok what to do full ok what to do full ok Full rank happening and I'm saying what Full rank happening and I'm saying what Full rank happening and I'm saying what She is a most ungrateful woman, yes she has given me so much. She is a most ungrateful woman, yes she has given me so much. She is a most ungrateful woman, yes she has given me so much. That is why God has given him so many challenges. That is why God has given him so many challenges. That is why God has given him so many challenges. Isn't it so, look at me, I'm still sitting Isn't it so, look at me, I'm still sitting Isn't it so, look at me, I'm still sitting I keep counting likes on Instagram I keep counting likes on Instagram I keep counting likes on Instagram Tell me, my life is going so sad. Tell me, my life is going so sad. Tell me, my life is going so sad. This time I didn't think much about it. This time I didn't think much about it. This time I didn't think much about it. About two or three months after this, I About two or three months after this, I About two or three months after this, I The other one went to meet a friend. This one which The other one went to meet a friend. This one which The other one went to meet a friend. This one which she is my friend she is my friend she is my friend Environmentalist. Environmentalist. Environmentalist. She Got Her Degree in Her Masters and She Got Her Degree in Her Masters and She Got Her Degree in Her Masters and Climate Change from Scotland Climate Change from Scotland Climate Change from Scotland University of Edinburgh. and then your heart University of Edinburgh. and then your heart University of Edinburgh. and then your heart For goodness sake, I came back to India to fix it. For goodness sake, I came back to India to fix it. For goodness sake, I came back to India to fix it. The Climate of New Delhi. Ok. Then he was suffering from depression for the last 5 years. Then he was suffering from depression for the last 5 years. Then he was suffering from depression for the last 5 years. Are. Continuous Ok. I think to give her Are. Continuous Ok. I think to give her Are. Continuous Ok. I think to give her Credit. I feel people like her. Yes, my Credit. I feel people like her. Yes, my Credit. I feel people like her. Yes, my Friends who go into social work Friends who go into social work Friends who go into social work or go to work on the environmental side or go to work on the environmental side or go to work on the environmental side He is actually very pure at heart. He is actually very pure at heart. He is actually very pure at heart. There are soft people who truly feel There are soft people who truly feel There are soft people who truly feel that their actions will change the world that their actions will change the world that their actions will change the world and then they are cut off and then they are cut off and then they are cut off Of course ok I have seen her said many Of course ok I have seen her said many Of course ok I have seen her said many times but last year when I was meeting times but last year when I was meeting times but last year when I was meeting Her I Could See She Is Having a Mental Her I Could See She Is Having a Mental Her I Could See She Is Having a Mental Breakdown ok sitting in front of me literally Breakdown ok sitting in front of me literally Breakdown ok sitting in front of me literally She was crying and saying she didn't know. She was crying and saying she didn't know. She was crying and saying she didn't know. That's how to moisten yourself That's how to moisten yourself That's how to moisten yourself Literally every image of others' pens Literally every image of others' pens Literally every image of others' pens Pain Anywhere Brings Me Pain It Feels Like Pain Anywhere Brings Me Pain It Feels Like Pain Anywhere Brings Me Pain It Feels Like A personal loss, there's a flood somewhere, somewhere A personal loss, there's a flood somewhere, somewhere A personal loss, there's a flood somewhere, somewhere There is a drought, somewhere there is a war going on. There is a drought, somewhere there is a war going on. There is a drought, somewhere there is a war going on. So many people are dying. I don't know how to So many people are dying. I don't know how to So many people are dying. I don't know how to Deal with this. I do feel so helpless. This Deal with this. I do feel so helpless. This Deal with this. I do feel so helpless. This What is the benefit of education? When I do something What is the benefit of education? When I do something What is the benefit of education? When I do something I am not able to. any government in the world I am not able to. any government in the world I am not able to. any government in the world It is not serious anywhere. no one does anything It is not serious anywhere. no one does anything It is not serious anywhere. no one does anything Used to be. The future is so bleak, so Used to be. The future is so bleak, so Used to be. The future is so bleak, so Depressing. I feel so sad. Full Rand Depressing. I feel so sad. Full Rand Depressing. I feel so sad. Full Rand Happening. And I am saying this clearly Happening. And I am saying this clearly Happening. And I am saying this clearly There is no problem in personal life. There is no problem in personal life. There is no problem in personal life. Its. Tears are being shed directly on global matters. Tears are being shed directly on global matters. Tears are being shed directly on global matters. What a luxury to have. What a luxury to have. What a luxury to have. Yes, love life, job, everything must be going great. Yes, love life, job, everything must be going great. Yes, love life, job, everything must be going great. Brother. Brother. Brother. Look at me, my heart is hurting Look at me, my heart is hurting Look at me, my heart is hurting Have kept it. Yes, I can't find the bandwidth. Have kept it. Yes, I can't find the bandwidth. Have kept it. Yes, I can't find the bandwidth. There is something else to think about. ok why she is There is something else to think about. ok why she is There is something else to think about. ok why she is Howling in Front of Me. In That Moment Howling in Front of Me. In That Moment Howling in Front of Me. In That Moment A voice came into my mind, "Brother, A voice came into my mind, "Brother, A voice came into my mind, "Brother, Time to pay the therapist back. Time to pay the therapist back. Time to pay the therapist back. Already happened. Something seems off Already happened. Something seems off Already happened. Something seems off In your mind. So I Went Back To In your mind. So I Went Back To In your mind. So I Went Back To My therapist. Ok. I said hello! So My therapist. Ok. I said hello! So My therapist. Ok. I said hello! So I am back. I said look, don't be afraid I am back. I said look, don't be afraid I am back. I said look, don't be afraid It doesn't matter to you. This time I am some It doesn't matter to you. This time I am some It doesn't matter to you. This time I am some I have not come with any basic [ __ ] type issue. This I have not come with any basic [ __ ] type issue. This I have not come with any basic [ __ ] type issue. This This time I have become something big. Some? This time I have become something big. Some? This time I have become something big. Some? So a deeper existential crisis type of thing. So a deeper existential crisis type of thing. So a deeper existential crisis type of thing. It has arrived. Some abstract sadness overwhelms me It has arrived. Some abstract sadness overwhelms me It has arrived. Some abstract sadness overwhelms me I am feeling it. And I see the therapist I am feeling it. And I see the therapist I am feeling it. And I see the therapist She said, look, I have been watching for many years. She said, look, I have been watching for many years. She said, look, I have been watching for many years. You don't seem impressed with me at all. You don't seem impressed with me at all. You don't seem impressed with me at all. Have been. I am constantly trying. Have been. I am constantly trying. Have been. I am constantly trying. I am completely lost in this silent love for your face. I am completely lost in this silent love for your face. I am completely lost in this silent love for your face. I am just looking at the sentiments. I said I am just looking at the sentiments. I said I am just looking at the sentiments. I said So this time I will not share my trauma points So this time I will not share my trauma points So this time I will not share my trauma points I have made a PPT of this and brought it. Yes I I have made a PPT of this and brought it. Yes I I have made a PPT of this and brought it. Yes I I have made a list and brought it. Yes, that we I have made a list and brought it. Yes, that we I have made a list and brought it. Yes, that we You can start from here and you can also see brother You can start from here and you can also see brother You can start from here and you can also see brother Bad things have happened to me. So I him Bad things have happened to me. So I him Bad things have happened to me. So I him Nor am I reading out my PPT. Nor am I reading out my PPT. Nor am I reading out my PPT. I said, first of all, of course, when I pass 12th I said, first of all, of course, when I pass 12th I said, first of all, of course, when I pass 12th After that I did not get into IIT. So yes that After that I did not get into IIT. So yes that After that I did not get into IIT. So yes that My whole life in the shadow of rejection My whole life in the shadow of rejection My whole life in the shadow of rejection It has gone out. Secondary of Course in College It has gone out. Secondary of Course in College It has gone out. Secondary of Course in College My first breakup after was also very next My first breakup after was also very next My first breakup after was also very next Was. I did all the next incidents but Was. I did all the next incidents but Was. I did all the next incidents but Next time, yes, he would leave me alone with the guilt. Next time, yes, he would leave me alone with the guilt. Next time, yes, he would leave me alone with the guilt. Not there. And then I'm saying I was in Not there. And then I'm saying I was in Not there. And then I'm saying I was in My Early 20s Also When My Father Passed My Early 20s Also When My Father Passed My Early 20s Also When My Father Passed Away It Was Quite Sudden For Us. I am not Away It Was Quite Sudden For Us. I am not Away It Was Quite Sudden For Us. I am not Sure if we process it properly. And Sure if we process it properly. And Sure if we process it properly. And I stopped here and I said, this is I stopped here and I said, this is I stopped here and I said, this is It is solid, isn't it? Are? You can do a little on this It is solid, isn't it? Are? You can do a little on this It is solid, isn't it? Are? You can do a little on this Tell me something. Tell me something. Tell me something. My therapist took a deep breath. Ok. look My therapist took a deep breath. Ok. look My therapist took a deep breath. Ok. look At me. She's like, I'm sorry about this thing. At me. She's like, I'm sorry about this thing. At me. She's like, I'm sorry about this thing. Happened to you. These are, of course, very sad Happened to you. These are, of course, very sad Happened to you. These are, of course, very sad Events. But then she said she liked but this Events. But then she said she liked but this Events. But then she said she liked but this Things Happen to You in Your Fair Adulthood Things Happen to You in Your Fair Adulthood Things Happen to You in Your Fair Adulthood which means by that time you were already which means by that time you were already which means by that time you were already Fairly Cooked | Ah Fairly Cooked | Ah Fairly Cooked | Ah Means Means Means She See Cooked Vegetables Don't Get Spoiled She See Cooked Vegetables Don't Get Spoiled She See Cooked Vegetables Don't Get Spoiled That's Easy | It Is The Fresh Produce That That's Easy | It Is The Fresh Produce That That's Easy | It Is The Fresh Produce That Is more vulnerable? Is more vulnerable? Is more vulnerable? You guys don't have a one semester metaphor. You guys don't have a one semester metaphor. You guys don't have a one semester metaphor. What is it? We only have one hour of time, right? We only have one hour of time, right? We only have one hour of time, right? So what do you want? how many times means So what do you want? how many times means So what do you want? how many times means Said inside him every time reference spread Said inside him every time reference spread Said inside him every time reference spread You people cannot elaborate on the explanation. You people cannot elaborate on the explanation. You people cannot elaborate on the explanation. I said, tell me straight away what to say. I said, tell me straight away what to say. I said, tell me straight away what to say. Do you want to? Unfortunately for my Do you want to? Unfortunately for my Do you want to? Unfortunately for my Comedy My Therapist Always Makes Sense In Comedy My Therapist Always Makes Sense In Comedy My Therapist Always Makes Sense In The End. So What She Explained to Me The End. So What She Explained to Me The End. So What She Explained to Me which is actually something many of you which is actually something many of you which is actually something many of you Already know how most of us are deeper Already know how most of us are deeper Already know how most of us are deeper Existential Issues Are Attachment Problems Existential Issues Are Attachment Problems Existential Issues Are Attachment Problems Our insecurities are all part of our adulthood. Our insecurities are all part of our adulthood. Our insecurities are all part of our adulthood. I see it but it takes a little time to make it. I see it but it takes a little time to make it. I see it but it takes a little time to make it. Formed Way Earlier Than My Therapist Told Formed Way Earlier Than My Therapist Told Formed Way Earlier Than My Therapist Told I think most of these issues originate literally I think most of these issues originate literally I think most of these issues originate literally When you are a baby in your infancy When you are a baby in your infancy When you are a baby in your infancy Depending on how your primary caregiver is Depending on how your primary caregiver is Depending on how your primary caregiver is Which is typically how our mother handled you. Which is typically how our mother handled you. Which is typically how our mother handled you. Basically, your mother held you in her lap. Basically, your mother held you in her lap. Basically, your mother held you in her lap. Based on how much clumsy you picked up Based on how much clumsy you picked up Based on how much clumsy you picked up The entire personality may turn out to be cringe. I said, brother, now tell this to my mother. I said, brother, now tell this to my mother. I said, brother, now tell this to my mother. Don't tell. Don't tell. Don't tell. OK to be late. ok already i blame OK to be late. ok already i blame OK to be late. ok already i blame Her for Everything Else. yes that's my hair Her for Everything Else. yes that's my hair Her for Everything Else. yes that's my hair Jhave, it is because of you. my jaw Jhave, it is because of you. my jaw Jhave, it is because of you. my jaw Panche, this is because of you. Now I will tell them Panche, this is because of you. Now I will tell them Panche, this is because of you. Now I will tell them that the rest of the rituals are proactively that the rest of the rituals are proactively that the rest of the rituals are proactively That all is your responsibility too That all is your responsibility too That all is your responsibility too Not done ok guys you must know of course I Not done ok guys you must know of course I Not done ok guys you must know of course I Have no memory. I have little recollection of that Have no memory. I have little recollection of that Have no memory. I have little recollection of that How My Mother Handled Me When I Was a How My Mother Handled Me When I Was a How My Mother Handled Me When I Was a Child. But I know two things. The Fact Child. But I know two things. The Fact Child. But I know two things. The Fact Number One Is Mother Was Only 23 When She Had Number One Is Mother Was Only 23 When She Had Number One Is Mother Was Only 23 When She Had Me. Ok? And I've been 23, I know 23. Me. Ok? And I've been 23, I know 23. Me. Ok? And I've been 23, I know 23. Ok? The Truth About 23 Is You're Just 23 Ok? The Truth About 23 Is You're Just 23 Ok? The Truth About 23 Is You're Just 23 And the Truth About Motherhood Is and Motherhood And the Truth About Motherhood Is and Motherhood And the Truth About Motherhood Is and Motherhood It is hard. Ok? It probably is the most It is hard. Ok? It probably is the most It is hard. Ok? It probably is the most The Super Human Thing You Can Do in This One The Super Human Thing You Can Do in This One The Super Human Thing You Can Do in This One Life. It is hard. Ok? So my assumption Life. It is hard. Ok? So my assumption Life. It is hard. Ok? So my assumption Is that at the age of 23, no matter how much you have inside Is that at the age of 23, no matter how much you have inside Is that at the age of 23, no matter how much you have inside Enthusiasm that wow, it will be fun to become a mom Enthusiasm that wow, it will be fun to become a mom Enthusiasm that wow, it will be fun to become a mom Will go. The joy of becoming a mother. Oh my God. How much Will go. The joy of becoming a mother. Oh my God. How much Will go. The joy of becoming a mother. Oh my God. How much It may also have been your own decision. Ok. 23 It may also have been your own decision. Ok. 23 It may also have been your own decision. Ok. 23 When This Reality Hits When This Reality Hits When This Reality Hits You. Ok. When your four-month-old baby starts to sleep You. Ok. When your four-month-old baby starts to sleep You. Ok. When your four-month-old baby starts to sleep Not giving consistently. When the child you Not giving consistently. When the child you Not giving consistently. When the child you using a vending machine type and a using a vending machine type and a using a vending machine type and a I am not putting a 25 paise coin inside you by mistake. [Appreciation] I think it's a fair assumption [Appreciation] I think it's a fair assumption [Appreciation] I think it's a fair assumption That your 23 year old brain did not say anything. That your 23 year old brain did not say anything. That your 23 year old brain did not say anything. Wow, life has become so much fun. this is the Wow, life has become so much fun. this is the Wow, life has become so much fun. this is the Best life ever. most likely once in Best life ever. most likely once in Best life ever. most likely once in A while your secret thought was that oh my god A while your secret thought was that oh my god A while your secret thought was that oh my god This is very very hard. The rest of the moms This is very very hard. The rest of the moms This is very very hard. The rest of the moms How did you underplay this thing so much? Me How did you underplay this thing so much? Me How did you underplay this thing so much? Me Why are bravery awards not being given every day? Why are bravery awards not being given every day? Why are bravery awards not being given every day? To do? This child's face is my breath To do? This child's face is my breath To do? This child's face is my breath Why are you going to pay? Why are you going to pay? Why are you going to pay? 100% 100% 100% 100% happening ok On top of this when it comes to handling. On top of this when it comes to handling. On top of this when it comes to handling. [sound of clearing throat] Okay? I know that [sound of clearing throat] Okay? I know that [sound of clearing throat] Okay? I know that My mom, okay, my mom, to that generation My mom, okay, my mom, to that generation My mom, okay, my mom, to that generation She belongs. Ok? the roles of women who She belongs. Ok? the roles of women who She belongs. Ok? the roles of women who Model the women like Rani Lakshmibai in Model the women like Rani Lakshmibai in Model the women like Rani Lakshmibai in Mother India. Do you guys understand? that the children Mother India. Do you guys understand? that the children Mother India. Do you guys understand? that the children in one hand [laughs] and with the other in one hand [laughs] and with the other in one hand [laughs] and with the other Go out to plough. Go out to plough. Go out to plough. Brother, there should be double income in the house. child's Brother, there should be double income in the house. child's Brother, there should be double income in the house. child's How will we secure the future? For them How will we secure the future? For them How will we secure the future? For them There is no idea that the child should wiggle around. There is no idea that the child should wiggle around. There is no idea that the child should wiggle around. I have been insecure all my life. I'm telling my therapist. This is this I'm telling my therapist. This is this I'm telling my therapist. This is this It's really tragic. The therapist is saying It's really tragic. The therapist is saying It's really tragic. The therapist is saying Dude, tragic for you, very good for me Dude, tragic for you, very good for me Dude, tragic for you, very good for me Business. Ok. Then the whole bandra sat here Business. Ok. Then the whole bandra sat here Business. Ok. Then the whole bandra sat here It has happened all day long. So I told him okay, okay, that So I told him okay, okay, that So I told him okay, okay, that Explain this, explain something because Explain this, explain something because Explain this, explain something because my my people pleasing issues, my my my people pleasing issues, my my my people pleasing issues, my Anxiety, This Explains. I said then Anxiety, This Explains. I said then Anxiety, This Explains. I said then But what I get is abstract void But what I get is abstract void But what I get is abstract void I feel this big pen coming to me I feel this big pen coming to me I feel this big pen coming to me He's come in, I don't think I need him. He's come in, I don't think I need him. He's come in, I don't think I need him. The answer is being found in this conversation, so we The answer is being found in this conversation, so we The answer is being found in this conversation, so we Can we explore a little more? Say Can we explore a little more? Say Can we explore a little more? Say Explore as much as you can afford. Explore as much as you can afford. Explore as much as you can afford. Will take. Brother Oh, that's our job. Will take. Brother Oh, that's our job. Will take. Brother Oh, that's our job. No, we are sitting here too, so we are No, we are sitting here too, so we are No, we are sitting here too, so we are Exploring Further OK We're Looking Back Exploring Further OK We're Looking Back Exploring Further OK We're Looking Back At my childhood we are taking a trip At my childhood we are taking a trip At my childhood we are taking a trip Down the memory line to see whose challan Down the memory line to see whose challan Down the memory line to see whose challan Where to cut, very good exercise. Where to cut, very good exercise. Where to cut, very good exercise. The next thing I realized was when I The next thing I realized was when I The next thing I realized was when I was very small my role model was my father was very small my role model was my father was very small my role model was my father I was very clear that I too would grow up I was very clear that I too would grow up I was very clear that I too would grow up I have to become a man like my father. I was like I have to become a man like my father. I was like I have to become a man like my father. I was like Wow what a life. Ok. Yes, I was like, Wow what a life. Ok. Yes, I was like, Wow what a life. Ok. Yes, I was like, Wow! between father and mother but father's Wow! between father and mother but father's Wow! between father and mother but father's The jackpot is gone. I was very The jackpot is gone. I was very The jackpot is gone. I was very I just want to become a father when the day grows older. I just want to become a father when the day grows older. I just want to become a father when the day grows older. Then find a mummy type character. Then find a mummy type character. Then find a mummy type character. I will come for my life. [Laughter] I will come for my life. [Laughter] I will come for my life. [Laughter] Mummy came and managed my entire life from A to Z. Mummy came and managed my entire life from A to Z. Mummy came and managed my entire life from A to Z. I will do it. I take my tiffin to the office in the morning. I will do it. I take my tiffin to the office in the morning. I will do it. I take my tiffin to the office in the morning. I will go. Yes, I will come back from office and then watch TV. I will go. Yes, I will come back from office and then watch TV. I will go. Yes, I will come back from office and then watch TV. I will see. I will see. I will see. I would like to have a more balanced life than this I would like to have a more balanced life than this I would like to have a more balanced life than this I can't do it. I am beyond this I can't do it. I am beyond this I can't do it. I am beyond this Nothing more is needed than this. That's all I need Nothing more is needed than this. That's all I need Nothing more is needed than this. That's all I need Needed And I was always confused Needed And I was always confused Needed And I was always confused Other little girls get these brain waves. Other little girls get these brain waves. Other little girls get these brain waves. Why can't you find it? Yes, all these people Why can't you find it? Yes, all these people Why can't you find it? Yes, all these people Why move towards the Optimal Life Path? Why move towards the Optimal Life Path? Why move towards the Optimal Life Path? Are? I tell you it's the kind of feeling no Are? I tell you it's the kind of feeling no Are? I tell you it's the kind of feeling no Which sometimes comes to you at the airport. When Which sometimes comes to you at the airport. When Which sometimes comes to you at the airport. When You go to the airport, you get a ticket on one side. You go to the airport, you get a ticket on one side. You go to the airport, you get a ticket on one side. A very long line is visible and on one side there is a A very long line is visible and on one side there is a A very long line is visible and on one side there is a A very small line is visible. Like all these A very small line is visible. Like all these A very small line is visible. Like all these Why are you donkeys standing in this long line, friend? Why are you donkeys standing in this long line, friend? Why are you donkeys standing in this long line, friend? Can't they see this small line? Can't they see this small line? Can't they see this small line? Yes. And then you go to a short line like, Yes. And then you go to a short line like, Yes. And then you go to a short line like, Oh! What DG travel? oh sorry sorry sorry Oh! What DG travel? oh sorry sorry sorry Oh! What DG travel? oh sorry sorry sorry Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Is that feeling? [Appreciation] so basically so basically so basically By the time [sound of clearing throat] came By the time [sound of clearing throat] came By the time [sound of clearing throat] came Become a teenager ok oops I don't have DG Become a teenager ok oops I don't have DG Become a teenager ok oops I don't have DG Travel OK Travel OK Travel OK O it is possible for me to become a man in this life O it is possible for me to become a man in this life O it is possible for me to become a man in this life Man will not be able to stand in the line of people Man will not be able to stand in the line of people Man will not be able to stand in the line of people Already too much man Already too much man Already too much man Men are unable to become men themselves. Men are unable to become men themselves. Men are unable to become men themselves. [Appreciation] Society's Major Pain Point Chal [Appreciation] Society's Major Pain Point Chal [Appreciation] Society's Major Pain Point Chal Used to be. People are doing research on this. Used to be. People are doing research on this. Used to be. People are doing research on this. I said brother, the shoe will go that way. I said brother, the shoe will go that way. I said brother, the shoe will go that way. I will eat it only. I will eat it only. I will eat it only. So as a teenager I realized for the first time So as a teenager I realized for the first time So as a teenager I realized for the first time Time that oh the best possible option available Time that oh the best possible option available Time that oh the best possible option available To me it is I became a high achieving woman. To me it is I became a high achieving woman. To me it is I became a high achieving woman. Ok? I Became the Kind of Woman Who Hard Work Ok? I Became the Kind of Woman Who Hard Work Ok? I Became the Kind of Woman Who Hard Work By doing this she acquires everything that someone By doing this she acquires everything that someone By doing this she acquires everything that someone A man can get it in this life. So A man can get it in this life. So A man can get it in this life. So May you sleep well in life May you sleep well in life May you sleep well in life The moon can definitely become your life. Ok? The moon can definitely become your life. Ok? The moon can definitely become your life. Ok? Yes. I realise it is possible. But now I Yes. I realise it is possible. But now I Yes. I realise it is possible. But now I I also realized that if I had to go this way I also realized that if I had to go this way I also realized that if I had to go this way So I also need a female role model. My So I also need a female role model. My So I also need a female role model. My Father cannot be the ideal role model. because Father cannot be the ideal role model. because Father cannot be the ideal role model. because I think as we grow up we also realize I think as we grow up we also realize I think as we grow up we also realize That life is not just life. Life That life is not just life. Life That life is not just life. Life There is a race and the purpose of life is to win this race There is a race and the purpose of life is to win this race There is a race and the purpose of life is to win this race In we have to get to the forefront of the part. But In we have to get to the forefront of the part. But In we have to get to the forefront of the part. But You also realize that in this race if a man You also realize that in this race if a man You also realize that in this race if a man People are running on foot, so we ladies People are running on foot, so we ladies People are running on foot, so we ladies The sack has been tied. Yes, we have such The sack has been tied. Yes, we have such The sack has been tied. Yes, we have such I have to run away. Yes, a little bit of us I have to run away. Yes, a little bit of us I have to run away. Yes, a little bit of us Constraint diff is running. So dad Constraint diff is running. So dad Constraint diff is running. So dad How will you practice it? Yes, I came How will you practice it? Yes, I came How will you practice it? Yes, I came Need a Sack Race Champion Now. Need a Sack Race Champion Now. Need a Sack Race Champion Now. So first I looked towards my mother. So first I looked towards my mother. So first I looked towards my mother. Yes. I said that even mommy has less qualities. Yes. I said that even mommy has less qualities. Yes. I said that even mommy has less qualities. Not there. It's not like that. working woman Not there. It's not like that. working woman Not there. It's not like that. working woman Managing the Household Kind Person Good Managing the Household Kind Person Good Managing the Household Kind Person Good Sense of humor. And I said this woman who Sense of humor. And I said this woman who Sense of humor. And I said this woman who She is so worried. On their efforts She is so worried. On their efforts She is so worried. On their efforts The returns are coming so week. yes this to me The returns are coming so week. yes this to me The returns are coming so week. yes this to me The lifestyle doesn't seem fun. So I The lifestyle doesn't seem fun. So I The lifestyle doesn't seem fun. So I Gave the brief to mom only. I said mommy Gave the brief to mom only. I said mommy Gave the brief to mom only. I said mommy Listen to No Hard Feelings. Yes, Consolation Listen to No Hard Feelings. Yes, Consolation Listen to No Hard Feelings. Yes, Consolation Wise. [Laughter] Wise. [Laughter] Wise. [Laughter] And I'm saying you understand. ok you And I'm saying you understand. ok you And I'm saying you understand. ok you I understand that now that I am a scout I understand that now that I am a scout I understand that now that I am a scout If I am living then I want something superlative. If I am living then I want something superlative. If I am living then I want something superlative. Ok? I want to find a woman who Ok? I want to find a woman who Ok? I want to find a woman who You have achieved so much in life. You have achieved so much in life. You have achieved so much in life. You have achieved so much that seeing You have achieved so much that seeing You have achieved so much that seeing Other women should feel like doing this too. Other women should feel like doing this too. Other women should feel like doing this too. It was possible. What thank you for doing this. It was possible. What thank you for doing this. It was possible. What thank you for doing this. We had no idea. Thank you for opening We had no idea. Thank you for opening We had no idea. Thank you for opening That door. That much. And I am telling that the That door. That much. And I am telling that the That door. That much. And I am telling that the The kind of woman who achieved so much The kind of woman who achieved so much The kind of woman who achieved so much Maybe after seeing this people will say that this Maybe after seeing this people will say that this Maybe after seeing this people will say that this How are you? How are you? How are you? Did her husband do her homework? Did her husband do her homework? Did her husband do her homework? Did he have any scenes with the boss here? It's Not In Did he have any scenes with the boss here? It's Not In Did he have any scenes with the boss here? It's Not In These words. Okay, but I'm telling my mother These words. Okay, but I'm telling my mother These words. Okay, but I'm telling my mother Can you find someone? Mummy is saying that Can you find someone? Mummy is saying that Can you find someone? Mummy is saying that We have a woman in mind for you. Say We have a woman in mind for you. Say We have a woman in mind for you. Say She is your distant aunt She is your distant aunt She is your distant aunt Are. At this point she also knows that we Are. At this point she also knows that we Are. At this point she also knows that we This is the culture that our villages and neighborhoods This is the culture that our villages and neighborhoods This is the culture that our villages and neighborhoods If any person in the building is an IAS If any person in the building is an IAS If any person in the building is an IAS If he becomes an officer then we will see our family tree. If he becomes an officer then we will see our family tree. If he becomes an officer then we will see our family tree. People just extend it and take it to that point. People just extend it and take it to that point. People just extend it and take it to that point. We would have wrapped them in our relationship. We would have wrapped them in our relationship. We would have wrapped them in our relationship. Are. Are. Are. to this dead I am not clear how this sudo to this dead I am not clear how this sudo to this dead I am not clear how this sudo Aunt of mine. Exactly my aunt. Mummy Aunt of mine. Exactly my aunt. Mummy Aunt of mine. Exactly my aunt. Mummy She is saying that the question is not relevant at all. She is saying that the question is not relevant at all. She is saying that the question is not relevant at all. I have given my consent, you go ahead. But I have given my consent, you go ahead. But I have given my consent, you go ahead. But But his story is definitely very But his story is definitely very But his story is definitely very Inspiring. Ok? I was told some 60- Inspiring. Ok? I was told some 60- Inspiring. Ok? I was told some 60- 70 Years Ago This Woman Grew Up in a Very 70 Years Ago This Woman Grew Up in a Very 70 Years Ago This Woman Grew Up in a Very Small village near Ballia. where to study Small village near Ballia. where to study Small village near Ballia. where to study There was no culture of it. literally became the There was no culture of it. literally became the There was no culture of it. literally became the First girl ever to get educated there. First girl ever to get educated there. First girl ever to get educated there. scholarship, he completed his degree etc. scholarship, he completed his degree etc. scholarship, he completed his degree etc. Completed it. After that I cleared UPSC. Completed it. After that I cleared UPSC. Completed it. After that I cleared UPSC. Become an IAS officer, not just any kind Become an IAS officer, not just any kind Become an IAS officer, not just any kind Who really makes a difference. work on education Who really makes a difference. work on education Who really makes a difference. work on education Did it, reduced corruption. And to do all this Did it, reduced corruption. And to do all this Did it, reduced corruption. And to do all this After One Day She Got Board of It. She Likes Now After One Day She Got Board of It. She Likes Now After One Day She Got Board of It. She Likes Now I have to earn money. So So She Quit All Of I have to earn money. So So She Quit All Of I have to earn money. So So She Quit All Of Dec. He has his own one Dec. He has his own one Dec. He has his own one started an investment fund and then in it started an investment fund and then in it started an investment fund and then in it While working, she has become so big now that While working, she has become so big now that While working, she has become so big now that Now all the rich people want to become richer than him. Now all the rich people want to become richer than him. Now all the rich people want to become richer than him. Let's take advice. She Is a Kind of a Let's take advice. She Is a Kind of a Let's take advice. She Is a Kind of a Persons who come to the news to gain knowledge that Persons who come to the news to gain knowledge that Persons who come to the news to gain knowledge that Brother, where should I invest the money? His Malabar Brother, where should I invest the money? His Malabar Brother, where should I invest the money? His Malabar There is a three-storey house in the Hills. I said There is a three-storey house in the Hills. I said There is a three-storey house in the Hills. I said Wow what a story. what a story same Wow what a story. what a story same Wow what a story. what a story same This woman at birth embraced feminism, nationalism, This woman at birth embraced feminism, nationalism, This woman at birth embraced feminism, nationalism, Capitalism did everything. And just keep pushing Capitalism did everything. And just keep pushing Capitalism did everything. And just keep pushing It is happening brother. [Commendation] without a gold medal It is happening brother. [Commendation] without a gold medal It is happening brother. [Commendation] without a gold medal It is not coming back from anywhere. I I It is not coming back from anywhere. I I It is not coming back from anywhere. I I Was 16 at this point, okay, I had never Was 16 at this point, okay, I had never Was 16 at this point, okay, I had never Met every. Done. She was in Mumbai. I that Met every. Done. She was in Mumbai. I that Met every. Done. She was in Mumbai. I that The time was in Lucknow. But just the idea of ​​her The time was in Lucknow. But just the idea of ​​her The time was in Lucknow. But just the idea of ​​her Was Enough For Me. Every day I woke up in the morning and Was Enough For Me. Every day I woke up in the morning and Was Enough For Me. Every day I woke up in the morning and Think about her and it would motivate me so Think about her and it would motivate me so Think about her and it would motivate me so Much to work hard. For a whole year I Much to work hard. For a whole year I Much to work hard. For a whole year I He must have been worshipped like a god. And one day He must have been worshipped like a god. And one day He must have been worshipped like a god. And one day Mom is saying today is your lucky day. Mom is saying today is your lucky day. Mom is saying today is your lucky day. Today that aunt is coming home to meet you. Today that aunt is coming home to meet you. Today that aunt is coming home to meet you. Go and get ready. I go and powder and Go and get ready. I go and powder and Go and get ready. I go and powder and It fell into the oil cans. Brother. It fell into the oil cans. Brother. It fell into the oil cans. Brother. I said, brother, have you ever been so prepared? I said, brother, have you ever been so prepared? I said, brother, have you ever been so prepared? Not for anyone. Not for anyone. Not for anyone. In the evening she came to our house and she was In the evening she came to our house and she was In the evening she came to our house and she was Everything I Had Imagined Her to Be. some people Everything I Had Imagined Her to Be. some people Everything I Had Imagined Her to Be. some people They walk into a room. You can see that They walk into a room. You can see that They walk into a room. You can see that They have some different star quality going on. They have some different star quality going on. They have some different star quality going on. Is. His aura is different. She was one of two Is. His aura is different. She was one of two Is. His aura is different. She was one of two Ficus religiosa. And I think people like her who are so Ficus religiosa. And I think people like her who are so Ficus religiosa. And I think people like her who are so Accomplished. He doesn't even talk to the children Accomplished. He doesn't even talk to the children Accomplished. He doesn't even talk to the children I know how to do it. Because all the children's questions I know how to do it. Because all the children's questions I know how to do it. Because all the children's questions There are similar ones. These people talk about their tad There are similar ones. These people talk about their tad There are similar ones. These people talk about their tad They bring it very tight. They bring it very tight. They bring it very tight. So she came to our house, sat down with my parents. So she came to our house, sat down with my parents. So she came to our house, sat down with my parents. Talked a little, had some tea and pakodas. Then Talked a little, had some tea and pakodas. Then Talked a little, had some tea and pakodas. Then He looked at me. in my eyes He looked at me. in my eyes He looked at me. in my eyes Saw the questions and it turned on. saying Saw the questions and it turned on. saying Saw the questions and it turned on. saying Say listen son, listen and see in life Say listen son, listen and see in life Say listen son, listen and see in life Never keep your dreams small. you life Never keep your dreams small. you life Never keep your dreams small. you life I can do whatever I want. do whatever you want I can do whatever I want. do whatever you want I can do whatever I want. do whatever you want Take. People will say very negative things. Take. People will say very negative things. Take. People will say very negative things. Don't listen to anyone because people already know Don't listen to anyone because people already know Don't listen to anyone because people already know Not how big the scope of life is. You Not how big the scope of life is. You Not how big the scope of life is. You To dream a dream and to fulfill it. Watching the next To dream a dream and to fulfill it. Watching the next To dream a dream and to fulfill it. Watching the next To complete it. In the Process You Will See To complete it. In the Process You Will See To complete it. In the Process You Will See How Much Life Can Expand How Many How Much Life Can Expand How Many How Much Life Can Expand How Many Directions. She Like Trust Me Were You Directions. She Like Trust Me Were You Directions. She Like Trust Me Were You Start from should never define where you are Start from should never define where you are Start from should never define where you are And up just have faith all you dream And up just have faith all you dream And up just have faith all you dream You can do whatever you want, whatever you want You can do whatever you want, whatever you want You can do whatever you want, whatever you want Do it all, and in the middle of it, Do it all, and in the middle of it, Do it all, and in the middle of it, If you get time, get married. Do that and settle it once and for all, i.e. with someone Do that and settle it once and for all, i.e. with someone Do that and settle it once and for all, i.e. with someone Do it, it doesn't matter, just do it Hey, but why? Hey, but why? Hey, but why? saying son saying son saying son But look son, women who don't marry But look son, women who don't marry But look son, women who don't marry Nor does she go mad alone. Nor does she go mad alone. Nor does she go mad alone. exuse me? [laughter] Can you go crazy? exuse me? [laughter] Can you go crazy? exuse me? [laughter] Can you go crazy? mental? mental? mental? This is another problem in my family. This is another problem in my family. This is another problem in my family. that if you tell someone that you care about them that if you tell someone that you care about them that if you tell someone that you care about them If you don't understand something in the matter then If you don't understand something in the matter then If you don't understand something in the matter then He thought the problem was only with the language. He thought the problem was only with the language. He thought the problem was only with the language. Might be possible. The matter may also be nonsense. This doubt is for anyone The matter may also be nonsense. This doubt is for anyone The matter may also be nonsense. This doubt is for anyone Doesn't know at all. Doesn't know at all. Doesn't know at all. And she's saying crack crack [crying sound] [applause] [cheering voice] Like you have [laughs]. Like you have [laughs]. Like you have [laughs]. All I'm telling you is here even at the 16th All I'm telling you is here even at the 16th All I'm telling you is here even at the 16th Was not like this, there is no logical sense in this Was not like this, there is no logical sense in this Was not like this, there is no logical sense in this It's not true, I don't want to believe it, but because It's not true, I don't want to believe it, but because It's not true, I don't want to believe it, but because teaches us so much that from guests teaches us so much that from guests teaches us so much that from guests You don't have to be rude and this You don't have to be rude and this You don't have to be rude and this Particular woman was a little goddess in my Particular woman was a little goddess in my Particular woman was a little goddess in my I turned my eyes and said no, no argument at all. I turned my eyes and said no, no argument at all. I turned my eyes and said no, no argument at all. No, I didn't argue at all, but when he No, I didn't argue at all, but when he No, I didn't argue at all, but when he I am sitting there finally gone from our house I am sitting there finally gone from our house I am sitting there finally gone from our house My Entire Belief System Has Crashed OK My Entire Belief System Has Crashed OK My Entire Belief System Has Crashed OK Yes, in a way, I don't like this. Yes, in a way, I don't like this. Yes, in a way, I don't like this. The feeling came because I am realizing age The feeling came because I am realizing age The feeling came because I am realizing age Children and teenagers consider us new. Children and teenagers consider us new. Children and teenagers consider us new. Not there. We don't understand that our elder brother Not there. We don't understand that our elder brother Not there. We don't understand that our elder brother People also get flooded. one of the same person People also get flooded. one of the same person People also get flooded. one of the same person One opinion seems right and the other wrong. Age a One opinion seems right and the other wrong. Age a One opinion seems right and the other wrong. Age a Child I Was Like How Is It Possible That Child I Was Like How Is It Possible That Child I Was Like How Is It Possible That If 99% of what this woman says is completely holy to me If 99% of what this woman says is completely holy to me If 99% of what this woman says is completely holy to me It seems to be the truth. So this is one thing that is so wrong It seems to be the truth. So this is one thing that is so wrong It seems to be the truth. So this is one thing that is so wrong How can it happen? Either this is all true How can it happen? Either this is all true How can it happen? Either this is all true Or is she saying all this wrong? and that made me Or is she saying all this wrong? and that made me Or is she saying all this wrong? and that made me Very confused, very angry. I Felt Very confused, very angry. I Felt Very confused, very angry. I Felt So bitrate. I'll tell you is the kind of So bitrate. I'll tell you is the kind of So bitrate. I'll tell you is the kind of A feeling that many of us experience these days. A feeling that many of us experience these days. A feeling that many of us experience these days. Is. When we did Kabhi Kabhie Na Kangana's interview Is. When we did Kabhi Kabhie Na Kangana's interview Is. When we did Kabhi Kabhie Na Kangana's interview Let's see. How did this happen? How did this happen? How did this happen? Where did you go? Where did you go? Where did you go? You were ours, right? We are unable to solve this puzzle. Ok? We are unable to solve this puzzle. Ok? We are unable to solve this puzzle. Ok? So I am 16 years old. I am sitting okay So I am 16 years old. I am sitting okay So I am 16 years old. I am sitting okay With this confusing feeling. ok and i With this confusing feeling. ok and i With this confusing feeling. ok and i I'm feeling very angry, okay, I don't know this. I'm feeling very angry, okay, I don't know this. I'm feeling very angry, okay, I don't know this. Where should I take my emotions? I Where should I take my emotions? I Where should I take my emotions? I I looked at my mom and said, you know what? I looked at my mom and said, you know what? I looked at my mom and said, you know what? You can't be rude to guests but you can be rude to them. You can't be rude to guests but you can be rude to them. You can't be rude to guests but you can be rude to them. So we can do it, what else can we do? So we can do it, what else can we do? So we can do it, what else can we do? If it happens brother then I am saying mummy mummy If it happens brother then I am saying mummy mummy If it happens brother then I am saying mummy mummy I said, Mummy, how can you say this aunty? I said, Mummy, how can you say this aunty? I said, Mummy, how can you say this aunty? How did she go away saying that she How did she go away saying that she How did she go away saying that she Women who don't marry are crazy to be alone. Women who don't marry are crazy to be alone. Women who don't marry are crazy to be alone. Mummy goes and says, first we should do this Mummy goes and says, first we should do this Mummy goes and says, first we should do this Don't talk, I'm saying okay, are I saying something? Don't talk, I'm saying okay, are I saying something? Don't talk, I'm saying okay, are I saying something? Are we saying something? We never said anything like that Are we saying something? We never said anything like that Are we saying something? We never said anything like that We are not saying anything, but this is what we see. We are not saying anything, but this is what we see. We are not saying anything, but this is what we see. Has come. Has come. Has come. Look, I do go a little crazy. And Look, I do go a little crazy. And Look, I do go a little crazy. And Then mom started giving real life examples. Then mom started giving real life examples. Then mom started giving real life examples. Look, that Sonia aunty of yours is yes Look, that Sonia aunty of yours is yes Look, that Sonia aunty of yours is yes He never married. Now sit all day long He never married. Now sit all day long He never married. Now sit all day long I keep straightening my slippers at home. I keep straightening my slippers at home. I keep straightening my slippers at home. Ok. Look at that Dolly Didi. Daughter in law Ok. Look at that Dolly Didi. Daughter in law Ok. Look at that Dolly Didi. Daughter in law She keeps climbing the mountains alone. She keeps climbing the mountains alone. She keeps climbing the mountains alone. I said that's called solo travel. I said that's called solo travel. I said that's called solo travel. Buddy. Mummy says you can name it whatever you want. Buddy. Mummy says you can name it whatever you want. Buddy. Mummy says you can name it whatever you want. Normal people don't do all that. What I am telling you is that again at that What I am telling you is that again at that What I am telling you is that again at that At the age of 16, I was not interested in any of this. At the age of 16, I was not interested in any of this. At the age of 16, I was not interested in any of this. There is no logical sense at all. I absolutely There is no logical sense at all. I absolutely There is no logical sense at all. I absolutely I will not agree. I logically and cerebrally I will not agree. I logically and cerebrally I will not agree. I logically and cerebrally The matter was completely rejected. But Now When The matter was completely rejected. But Now When The matter was completely rejected. But Now When I look back. Ok. Yes, in therapy. I I look back. Ok. Yes, in therapy. I I look back. Ok. Yes, in therapy. I Realize that may be because I was really an Realize that may be because I was really an Realize that may be because I was really an Impressionable age. And may be because this woman Impressionable age. And may be because this woman Impressionable age. And may be because this woman Was a Literal Goddess in My Eyes. This talk Was a Literal Goddess in My Eyes. This talk Was a Literal Goddess in My Eyes. This talk Go inside and sit somewhere in my subspace Go inside and sit somewhere in my subspace Go inside and sit somewhere in my subspace Went. And I know this because this Went. And I know this because this Went. And I know this because this For about 10 years after the incident, I For about 10 years after the incident, I For about 10 years after the incident, I Never even thought about it. Ok. I Never even thought about it. Ok. I Never even thought about it. Ok. I Think your late 18, early 20. So much happening Think your late 18, early 20. So much happening Think your late 18, early 20. So much happening There is time. You move forward in life There is time. You move forward in life There is time. You move forward in life yes. But I knew when I entered my late 20s yes. But I knew when I entered my late 20s yes. But I knew when I entered my late 20s And That Is When I Feel Many of Us for the And That Is When I Feel Many of Us for the And That Is When I Feel Many of Us for the First time get this idea of ​​agency that First time get this idea of ​​agency that First time get this idea of ​​agency that Now I have repaid my debt to the world. Now I have repaid my debt to the world. Now I have repaid my debt to the world. Now I have given everything to everyone Now I have given everything to everyone Now I have given everything to everyone Is. Now I have done engineering, MBA, two years Is. Now I have done engineering, MBA, two years Is. Now I have done engineering, MBA, two years I have done everything, job, depression for two years. Now I have done everything, job, depression for two years. Now I have done everything, job, depression for two years. Now If I want to live my life the way I want to If I want to live my life the way I want to If I want to live my life the way I want to What should I do? Ok? what kind of What should I do? Ok? what kind of What should I do? Ok? what kind of Work Wood I Want to Do? where would i Work Wood I Want to Do? where would i Work Wood I Want to Do? where would i Want to live? What kind of people do I live among? Want to live? What kind of people do I live among? Want to live? What kind of people do I live among? Would I like to? What type of friends will I have? Would I like to? What type of friends will I have? Would I like to? What type of friends will I have? Do I really want a partner? Do I Really Do I really want a partner? Do I Really Do I really want a partner? Do I Really Want a partner? The answer came from within me. Want a partner? The answer came from within me. Want a partner? The answer came from within me. Of Course You Want a Partner. A little crazy alone Of Course You Want a Partner. A little crazy alone Of Course You Want a Partner. A little crazy alone It should not happen. It should not happen. It should not happen. It Came So Smoothly and Swiftly From It Came So Smoothly and Swiftly From It Came So Smoothly and Swiftly From I'm afraid. I was convinced of my own I'm afraid. I was convinced of my own I'm afraid. I was convinced of my own Original intuitive is a wondrous idea. Original intuitive is a wondrous idea. Original intuitive is a wondrous idea. I was convinced. No world fools me I was convinced. No world fools me I was convinced. No world fools me She is not making it. This is my DNA, my higher She is not making it. This is my DNA, my higher She is not making it. This is my DNA, my higher My self is guiding me that brother, someone My self is guiding me that brother, someone My self is guiding me that brother, someone Only then will you go crazy. No, right? Yes. Any Only then will you go crazy. No, right? Yes. Any Only then will you go crazy. No, right? Yes. Any You need a person to complete you. You need a person to complete you. You need a person to complete you. And I was I was so convinced and I And I was I was so convinced and I And I was I was so convinced and I Tried really hard. Ok? Some of this point Tried really hard. Ok? Some of this point Tried really hard. Ok? Some of this point After 10 years, life has given me as much After 10 years, life has given me as much After 10 years, life has given me as much You have always given me pleasure in life, whether it was You have always given me pleasure in life, whether it was You have always given me pleasure in life, whether it was One task was not completed. need to find someone One task was not completed. need to find someone One task was not completed. need to find someone Otherwise I will go crazy. And I I Otherwise I will go crazy. And I I Otherwise I will go crazy. And I I Tried really hard. Ok? I tried really Tried really hard. Ok? I tried really Tried really hard. Ok? I tried really Hard. Ok? I tried to be in Hard. Ok? I tried to be in Hard. Ok? I tried to be in Relationships. I tried to date people. I Relationships. I tried to date people. I Relationships. I tried to date people. I Fell in love so many times. I fight a lot Fell in love so many times. I fight a lot Fell in love so many times. I fight a lot Mari brother. I vent on dating apps. I Made Mari brother. I vent on dating apps. I Made Mari brother. I vent on dating apps. I Made A lot of people. Basically Over the Years I Met A lot of people. Basically Over the Years I Met A lot of people. Basically Over the Years I Met Man after man and then I was like O I Man after man and then I was like O I Man after man and then I was like O I will have to choose crazy okay I like o my will have to choose crazy okay I like o my will have to choose crazy okay I like o my God Mya I will have to suck crazy Mya I will have to suck crazy Mya I will have to suck crazy I said if prevention is done through these people I said if prevention is done through these people I said if prevention is done through these people If it is going to happen then I will embrace the disease If it is going to happen then I will embrace the disease If it is going to happen then I will embrace the disease I would like to put I [applaud] [cheering voice] I [applaud] [cheering voice] I [applaud] [cheering voice] I would like to surrender to the disease. at least I would like to surrender to the disease. at least I would like to surrender to the disease. at least In that case you will slowly go crazy. Yes. Slough In that case you will slowly go crazy. Yes. Slough In that case you will slowly go crazy. Yes. Slough Gradual decay will happen. Gradual decay will happen. Gradual decay will happen. All these bastards that I am meeting. Yes All these bastards that I am meeting. Yes All these bastards that I am meeting. Yes Leaving after causing instant irreversible damage Leaving after causing instant irreversible damage Leaving after causing instant irreversible damage Are. And you don't even say sorry once Are. And you don't even say sorry once Are. And you don't even say sorry once Have been. This is the point in the show. When I'm in the show This is the point in the show. When I'm in the show This is the point in the show. When I'm in the show The men who have come [laughter] The men who have come [laughter] The men who have come [laughter] I look at their faces once and a little I look at their faces once and a little I look at their faces once and a little I see a bit of a relationship at work. I see a bit of a relationship at work. I see a bit of a relationship at work. Look, let me tell you two or three things first. Look, let me tell you two or three things first. Look, let me tell you two or three things first. Should I say that yes, you people have given the money? Should I say that yes, you people have given the money? Should I say that yes, you people have given the money? He won't get it back okay first of He won't get it back okay first of He won't get it back okay first of Secondly, no, I must tell you that, of course. Secondly, no, I must tell you that, of course. Secondly, no, I must tell you that, of course. This is not about you guys, okay, not about you. This is not about you guys, okay, not about you. This is not about you guys, okay, not about you. Guys this is not about all men nothing is Guys this is not about all men nothing is Guys this is not about all men nothing is Ever About All Man Know O no no no no [Appreciation] O no no no no [Appreciation] O no no no no [Appreciation] Yes, those people who are spoiling our minds. Yes, those people who are spoiling our minds. Yes, those people who are spoiling our minds. They are appearing from somewhere else. They are appearing from somewhere else. They are appearing from somewhere else. Somewhere else among you people, he Somewhere else among you people, he Somewhere else among you people, he There are no people, brother. There are no people, brother. There are no people, brother. But more factually I also don't speak for But more factually I also don't speak for But more factually I also don't speak for All women right? I don't speak for all All women right? I don't speak for all All women right? I don't speak for all Women I speak for many. Ok? [Laughter] Women I speak for many. Ok? [Laughter] Women I speak for many. Ok? [Laughter] Many are sitting here today. A but I must Many are sitting here today. A but I must Many are sitting here today. A but I must also tell you that you know to the man in the also tell you that you know to the man in the also tell you that you know to the man in the The Audience That Actually We're Living Through The Audience That Actually We're Living Through The Audience That Actually We're Living Through Times where suddenly it has become so Times where suddenly it has become so Times where suddenly it has become so Fashionable to hate on man inside ok hum log Fashionable to hate on man inside ok hum log Fashionable to hate on man inside ok hum log Actually, I have been angry for a long time, but now I Actually, I have been angry for a long time, but now I Actually, I have been angry for a long time, but now I People are getting a chance to remove some People are getting a chance to remove some People are getting a chance to remove some Tell me, are people getting their money too? Tell me, are people getting their money too? Tell me, are people getting their money too? So [praise] So [praise] So [praise] It's a bit unfortunate for you guys, okay? It's a bit unfortunate for you guys, okay? It's a bit unfortunate for you guys, okay? Yes, but let me tell you, this is the only Yes, but let me tell you, this is the only Yes, but let me tell you, this is the only Only this side, there is another side to it that Only this side, there is another side to it that Only this side, there is another side to it that As women, you should know that no matter how much we As women, you should know that no matter how much we As women, you should know that no matter how much we Crypt, complain, rand Crypt, complain, rand Crypt, complain, rand Take Against You Guys, About You Guys. The Take Against You Guys, About You Guys. The Take Against You Guys, About You Guys. The Truth is as women. We will never be yours Truth is as women. We will never be yours Truth is as women. We will never be yours He has a contribution in our lives. He has a contribution in our lives. He has a contribution in our lives. Can't discredit. Ok? Absolutely Can't discredit. Ok? Absolutely Can't discredit. Ok? Absolutely Can't do it. You Know Women Have Said Women Can't do it. You Know Women Have Said Women Can't do it. You Know Women Have Said Women Have great creative energy inside them. But Have great creative energy inside them. But Have great creative energy inside them. But A male force to activate it A male force to activate it A male force to activate it Seems like And no, no, it's not about the bio. Seems like And no, no, it's not about the bio. Seems like And no, no, it's not about the bio. I am doing it. Ok. I am doing it. Ok. I am doing it. Ok. You Can Look at Anything in the World and See You Can Look at Anything in the World and See You Can Look at Anything in the World and See It. Ok. You Look at Any Great Creative It. Ok. You Look at Any Great Creative It. Ok. You Look at Any Great Creative Work by a woman? Great Poetry, Great Work by a woman? Great Poetry, Great Work by a woman? Great Poetry, Great Literature, great art. To make all this Literature, great art. To make all this Literature, great art. To make all this First one that seems to be a nervous breakdown. First one that seems to be a nervous breakdown. First one that seems to be a nervous breakdown. So [praise] So [praise] So [praise] No one can induce better than a man. No one can induce better than a man. No one can induce better than a man. Can. Brother, write scriptures with your tears. Can. Brother, write scriptures with your tears. Can. Brother, write scriptures with your tears. And the women. And the women. And the women. Give it all to you. If you get this flu flop, Give it all to you. If you get this flu flop, Give it all to you. If you get this flu flop, I am not interested in poetry art. look I am not interested in poetry art. look I am not interested in poetry art. look At Women in Tech, Women in STEM, Writing At Women in Tech, Women in STEM, Writing At Women in Tech, Women in STEM, Writing It's God. The most angry looking ass-kissing It's God. The most angry looking ass-kissing It's God. The most angry looking ass-kissing I will give it to the world. I keep everyone awake I will give it to the world. I keep everyone awake I will give it to the world. I keep everyone awake I will give. Where is the anger coming from? you only I will give. Where is the anger coming from? you only I will give. Where is the anger coming from? you only People are watching and leaving. All are strong People are watching and leaving. All are strong People are watching and leaving. All are strong Women keep saying Across the World. I Women keep saying Across the World. I Women keep saying Across the World. I I am a phoenix rising from my I am a phoenix rising from my I am a phoenix rising from my Ashes. Where is Ash coming from? where are you coming from Ashes. Where is Ash coming from? where are you coming from Ashes. Where is Ash coming from? where are you coming from Is? Someone is going to make it, isn't he? automatic Is? Someone is going to make it, isn't he? automatic Is? Someone is going to make it, isn't he? automatic It is getting a little better. All thanks to you people It is getting a little better. All thanks to you people It is getting a little better. All thanks to you people Yes brother. [Laughter] Yes brother. [Laughter] Yes brother. [Laughter] But the most honest thing I can say is But the most honest thing I can say is But the most honest thing I can say is This is that I also know that this is inside me This is that I also know that this is inside me This is that I also know that this is inside me The anger, the bitterness, the bitterness The anger, the bitterness, the bitterness The anger, the bitterness, the bitterness Yes, it also is a function of age. because Yes, it also is a function of age. because Yes, it also is a function of age. because I know that in my younger years, in my I know that in my younger years, in my I know that in my younger years, in my Fertile Years I Have Also Been a Very Fertile Years I Have Also Been a Very Fertile Years I Have Also Been a Very Big fan of the male kind. Ok? means a lot Big fan of the male kind. Ok? means a lot Big fan of the male kind. Ok? means a lot Fan is a very small word to describe me. Fan is a very small word to describe me. Fan is a very small word to describe me. To do. I am a bit of a devotional type To do. I am a bit of a devotional type To do. I am a bit of a devotional type I have been. Yes, I was a little bit in priest mode. I have been. Yes, I was a little bit in priest mode. I have been. Yes, I was a little bit in priest mode. I am. I have been pathetic. Ok? and which I am. I have been pathetic. Ok? and which I am. I have been pathetic. Ok? and which Whatever level of pathetic you're imagining, Whatever level of pathetic you're imagining, Whatever level of pathetic you're imagining, I have been more pathetic than that. I have been more pathetic than that. I have been more pathetic than that. I have been very pathetic. because one is I have been very pathetic. because one is I have been very pathetic. because one is It happens to be blinded by love, It happens to be blinded by love, It happens to be blinded by love, Being romantically blind. I am non-romantic Being romantically blind. I am non-romantic Being romantically blind. I am non-romantic I have already shown you how to remain blind. Ok? Mi I have already shown you how to remain blind. Ok? Mi I have already shown you how to remain blind. Ok? Mi I've been that kind of blind I've been that kind of blind I've been that kind of blind That you know when I just started working That you know when I just started working That you know when I just started working Had done. Ok? And in a work space I would Had done. Ok? And in a work space I would Had done. Ok? And in a work space I would C that brother, all the men in the cabin are wearing suits C that brother, all the men in the cabin are wearing suits C that brother, all the men in the cabin are wearing suits How are these people sitting? I don't have this How are these people sitting? I don't have this How are these people sitting? I don't have this Something felt very wrong. I said, okay friend Something felt very wrong. I said, okay friend Something felt very wrong. I said, okay friend Maybe in a way they would have been a little superior Maybe in a way they would have been a little superior Maybe in a way they would have been a little superior We are from the people. I say friend, among these people We are from the people. I say friend, among these people We are from the people. I say friend, among these people Where are we, the qualities that humans possess? Where are we, the qualities that humans possess? Where are we, the qualities that humans possess? Where do we have the qualities that we are 6 Where do we have the qualities that we are 6 Where do we have the qualities that we are 6 hourly work has been spread out to 16 hours hourly work has been spread out to 16 hours hourly work has been spread out to 16 hours I don't have any attachment to my wife or child in my heart. I don't have any attachment to my wife or child in my heart. I don't have any attachment to my wife or child in my heart. Spend 16 hours playing video games in the office Spend 16 hours playing video games in the office Spend 16 hours playing video games in the office Where are we, people, that quality is within us? Where are we, people, that quality is within us? Where are we, people, that quality is within us? Where Where Where Man, there is so much diplomacy in these people. Man, there is so much diplomacy in these people. Man, there is so much diplomacy in these people. That brother is chasing the boss like that That brother is chasing the boss like that That brother is chasing the boss like that If you are in front, you will become a spoon, yes where? If you are in front, you will become a spoon, yes where? If you are in front, you will become a spoon, yes where? Are we able to do it or how much can these people do it? Are we able to do it or how much can these people do it? Are we able to do it or how much can these people do it? How much do these people know, how many people How much do these people know, how many people How much do these people know, how many people No, never, I don't say no. Sometimes No, never, I don't say no. Sometimes No, never, I don't say no. Sometimes I don't say no. Ask anything complete I don't say no. Ask anything complete I don't say no. Ask anything complete An essay will vomit. take it from somewhere An essay will vomit. take it from somewhere An essay will vomit. take it from somewhere I will come brother. So when all these soft skills I will come brother. So when all these soft skills I will come brother. So when all these soft skills If there is no age woman in us then how can If there is no age woman in us then how can If there is no age woman in us then how can We can compete with them. Give We can compete with them. Give We can compete with them. Give Deserve to rule the world. I have been there Deserve to rule the world. I have been there Deserve to rule the world. I have been there [ __ ]. Ok? And sometimes now when I look [ __ ]. Ok? And sometimes now when I look [ __ ]. Ok? And sometimes now when I look Back at that version of me. Ok? and sometimes Back at that version of me. Ok? and sometimes Back at that version of me. Ok? and sometimes When I Meet Young Girls Who Are Like This When I Meet Young Girls Who Are Like This When I Meet Young Girls Who Are Like This Version of me. So I have a little brain too Version of me. So I have a little brain too Version of me. So I have a little brain too I am shocked that brother how can it be that when I am shocked that brother how can it be that when I am shocked that brother how can it be that when The Universe offers us so much as we The Universe offers us so much as we The Universe offers us so much as we Women, we are so fixated on this one thing. Women, we are so fixated on this one thing. Women, we are so fixated on this one thing. How do you do it and I have only one How do you do it and I have only one How do you do it and I have only one There is a logical and scientific explanation that There is a logical and scientific explanation that There is a logical and scientific explanation that God's hand is in this, see yes it is God's hand is in this, see yes it is God's hand is in this, see yes it is [laughs] The Creators Conspiracy Okay there. [laughs] The Creators Conspiracy Okay there. [laughs] The Creators Conspiracy Okay there. There is no other explanation, see the creator There is no other explanation, see the creator There is no other explanation, see the creator Whatever name you give to him, he is the creator of the universe. Whatever name you give to him, he is the creator of the universe. Whatever name you give to him, he is the creator of the universe. What is the agenda of God the Creator over us? What is the agenda of God the Creator over us? What is the agenda of God the Creator over us? There is only one agenda for us that we There is only one agenda for us that we There is only one agenda for us that we It is a species, it keeps propagating, okay, and It is a species, it keeps propagating, okay, and It is a species, it keeps propagating, okay, and The Creator is a process set off centuries ago The Creator is a process set off centuries ago The Creator is a process set off centuries ago He is doing it and is just chilling. Yes. Autopilot He is doing it and is just chilling. Yes. Autopilot He is doing it and is just chilling. Yes. Autopilot But we keep propagating it. But we keep propagating it. But we keep propagating it. Are. In our country it is absolutely amazing Are. In our country it is absolutely amazing Are. In our country it is absolutely amazing They keep propagating it. We people They keep propagating it. We people They keep propagating it. We people Have become exporters of species. Balance Have become exporters of species. Balance Have become exporters of species. Balance People in the country are saying, brother, how much will you send? People in the country are saying, brother, how much will you send? People in the country are saying, brother, how much will you send? You guys please take it back. every nook and corner You guys please take it back. every nook and corner You guys please take it back. every nook and corner It is being sold. Tell me. So it's been great. Creator. Over the centuries So it's been great. Creator. Over the centuries So it's been great. Creator. Over the centuries He is chilling. We are leaving. But He is chilling. We are leaving. But He is chilling. We are leaving. But I feel last few 50-60 years no I feel last few 50-60 years no I feel last few 50-60 years no The maker has become a little angry. The maker has become a little angry. The maker has become a little angry. Yes, the maker's stress increased significantly. Yes, the maker's stress increased significantly. Yes, the maker's stress increased significantly. Is. Because in the last 50-60 years women Is. Because in the last 50-60 years women Is. Because in the last 50-60 years women Suddenly I got too much freedom. suddenly Suddenly I got too much freedom. suddenly Suddenly I got too much freedom. suddenly Women are like that wow me in this birth Women are like that wow me in this birth Women are like that wow me in this birth I have got so much freedom that my mother and grandmother I have got so much freedom that my mother and grandmother I have got so much freedom that my mother and grandmother Grandma was no less than anyone else. So this one Grandma was no less than anyone else. So this one Grandma was no less than anyone else. So this one What should I not do in life? So many people What should I not do in life? So many people What should I not do in life? So many people I should not live without a backlog. We have this one life I should not live without a backlog. We have this one life I should not live without a backlog. We have this one life I have to do everything. Ok? us career I have to do everything. Ok? us career I have to do everything. Ok? us career Also have to be made. We also want to see the world. Also have to be made. We also want to see the world. Also have to be made. We also want to see the world. We have to study philosophy. We also get drunk We have to study philosophy. We also get drunk We have to study philosophy. We also get drunk Is. We have to do everything. Everything has to be done. Ok? Is. We have to do everything. Everything has to be done. Ok? Is. We have to do everything. Everything has to be done. Ok? Yes. We should not take leaps but jumps in our life. Yes. We should not take leaps but jumps in our life. Yes. We should not take leaps but jumps in our life. We have to take it and evolve it. We all learn We have to take it and evolve it. We all learn We have to take it and evolve it. We all learn Have to take it. Our entire social media Have to take it. Our entire social media Have to take it. Our entire social media Content is also coming in the form of knowledge. yes that Content is also coming in the form of knowledge. yes that Content is also coming in the form of knowledge. yes that Apply retinol and eat protein also. Apply retinol and eat protein also. Apply retinol and eat protein also. Take quantum leave brother. You all manifest Take quantum leave brother. You all manifest Take quantum leave brother. You all manifest Do it. We are here. Ok? We are the people of life Do it. We are here. Ok? We are the people of life Do it. We are here. Ok? We are the people of life Got ready to take a big bite. We people Got ready to take a big bite. We people Got ready to take a big bite. We people They are jumping around. They are jumping around. They are jumping around. I am going to make a vile. to men too I am going to make a vile. to men too I am going to make a vile. to men too Is watching. People are saying brother Is watching. People are saying brother Is watching. People are saying brother What's up guys? What is making these people so fuss? Man What is making these people so fuss? Man What is making these people so fuss? Man People's social media content, dogs' People's social media content, dogs' People's social media content, dogs' Meme. Meme. Meme. Cat meme. Dog and cat riding a bicycle together People are saying everything is going well People are saying everything is going well People are saying everything is going well Yes, what can we humans improve? Yes, what can we humans improve? Yes, what can we humans improve? How much are you evolving in this one life? How much are you evolving in this one life? How much are you evolving in this one life? Come on friend, in this one life we ​​have our Come on friend, in this one life we ​​have our Come on friend, in this one life we ​​have our Learn to put your plates in the sink. Learn to put your plates in the sink. Learn to put your plates in the sink. If you understand people's emotions then If you understand people's emotions then If you understand people's emotions then When will you play video games? When will you play video games? When will you play video games? The work to which I have incarnated. This The work to which I have incarnated. This The work to which I have incarnated. This has a role in the world. has a role in the world. has a role in the world. Which which is fair for you guys. You your Which which is fair for you guys. You your Which which is fair for you guys. You your I am here right now on the journey. Ok? Butt you I am here right now on the journey. Ok? Butt you I am here right now on the journey. Ok? Butt you Think about it, okay. Maker's Stress This Move Think about it, okay. Maker's Stress This Move Think about it, okay. Maker's Stress This Move I am thinking that if it continues like this then how will I am thinking that if it continues like this then how will I am thinking that if it continues like this then how will This leaping being? Ok? [Laughter] This leaping being? Ok? [Laughter] This leaping being? Ok? [Laughter] Get attracted to this? There was a fight too. There was a fight too. There was a fight too. How will this Ganga flow like this? How will this Ganga flow like this? How will this Ganga flow like this? So the obvious logical explanation is that So the obvious logical explanation is that So the obvious logical explanation is that that for some 15 20 years of our female that for some 15 20 years of our female that for some 15 20 years of our female Lifes. Ok? in this age bracket of 20 to Lifes. Ok? in this age bracket of 20 to Lifes. Ok? in this age bracket of 20 to 35 God, come and enlighten our wisdom 35 God, come and enlighten our wisdom 35 God, come and enlighten our wisdom Gives. Gives. Gives. Sorry, I'm putting it on low power mode. Sorry, I'm putting it on low power mode. Sorry, I'm putting it on low power mode. You flow a little You flow a little You flow a little [laughter] Go get the deed done my lord. Oh bad [laughter] Go get the deed done my lord. Oh bad [laughter] Go get the deed done my lord. Oh bad So this is not it? Some man came and said, I am tying my shoelace Some man came and said, I am tying my shoelace Some man came and said, I am tying my shoelace I tie it to myself. You say oh my I tie it to myself. You say oh my I tie it to myself. You say oh my God. [screaming] God. [screaming] God. [screaming] O! Did you make a video of this? I want to say okay, I feel this is not really the I want to say okay, I feel this is not really the I want to say okay, I feel this is not really the Biggest tragedy of the sequence of Biggest tragedy of the sequence of Biggest tragedy of the sequence of Events. I feel the biggest tragedy and this Events. I feel the biggest tragedy and this Events. I feel the biggest tragedy and this sequence of events just like that maker sequence of events just like that maker sequence of events just like that maker In Order to Be Fair to Us Woman Kind. In Order to Be Fair to Us Woman Kind. In Order to Be Fair to Us Woman Kind. Ok? That's by the time you hit your mid-30s. Ok? That's by the time you hit your mid-30s. Ok? That's by the time you hit your mid-30s. He also comes and turns your intelligence back on. He also comes and turns your intelligence back on. He also comes and turns your intelligence back on. So one day you get like what is this? So one day you get like what is this? So one day you get like what is this? When did I catch this? I got a lehenga stitched for this. Do not show the photo. I'm telling [laughs] you this happens to I'm telling [laughs] you this happens to I'm telling [laughs] you this happens to 100% of us ok 100% of us ok 100% of us ok But I feel the difference is okay that some of you But I feel the difference is okay that some of you But I feel the difference is okay that some of you sitting here okay some of you sitting here who sitting here okay some of you sitting here who sitting here okay some of you sitting here who I actually found love in this window. I actually found love in this window. I actually found love in this window. Cultivate Relationships Who Build Families Cultivate Relationships Who Build Families Cultivate Relationships Who Build Families Feel the tenderness in your heart saves your Feel the tenderness in your heart saves your Feel the tenderness in your heart saves your Sanity is basically when your sanity comes back. Sanity is basically when your sanity comes back. Sanity is basically when your sanity comes back. Also, you like it, you know what this diamond is. Also, you like it, you know what this diamond is. Also, you like it, you know what this diamond is. No, it's a lump of coal No, it's a lump of coal No, it's a lump of coal But it is mine, hmm, I will take it. But it is mine, hmm, I will take it. But it is mine, hmm, I will take it. What do you want to do? You have to sit all day What do you want to do? You have to sit all day What do you want to do? You have to sit all day Have to play video games. we we play play. Have to play video games. we we play play. Have to play video games. we we play play. Is this playing with a Batman T-shirt? Is this playing with a Batman T-shirt? Is this playing with a Batman T-shirt? Is. You come walking. You come walking. You come walking. I [laughs] am telling you. It is annoying but I [laughs] am telling you. It is annoying but I [laughs] am telling you. It is annoying but Keeps you saying. What I'm Trying To Keeps you saying. What I'm Trying To Keeps you saying. What I'm Trying To Say is that the rest of us who slip through the Say is that the rest of us who slip through the Say is that the rest of us who slip through the Cracks We Become Kangana Ok Is What Cracks We Become Kangana Ok Is What Cracks We Become Kangana Ok Is What is what I am slowly is what I am slowly is what I am slowly Slowly Arriving at Slowly Arriving at Slowly Arriving at I understand that in your heart I understand that in your heart I understand that in your heart If there is no love, there is only anger inside you. If there is no love, there is only anger inside you. If there is no love, there is only anger inside you. There is hatred all the time brother. There is hatred all the time brother. There is hatred all the time brother. I understood why my aunty was so I understood why my aunty was so I understood why my aunty was so It flies brother, do it with anyone, it comes It flies brother, do it with anyone, it comes It flies brother, do it with anyone, it comes Understand it now ok I understand ok Understand it now ok I understand ok Understand it now ok I understand ok There is ample scope for going crazy, but the butt There is ample scope for going crazy, but the butt There is ample scope for going crazy, but the butt The Great Thing Okay The Great Thing About The Great Thing Okay The Great Thing About The Great Thing Okay The Great Thing About Living in a city like Mumbai in today Living in a city like Mumbai in today Living in a city like Mumbai in today Time is that I am not alone in this okay I Time is that I am not alone in this okay I Time is that I am not alone in this okay I Have a lot of friends who also opted out Have a lot of friends who also opted out Have a lot of friends who also opted out for the same lifestyle ok who are for the same lifestyle ok who are for the same lifestyle ok who are unpartnered single unmarried so I them too unpartnered single unmarried so I them too unpartnered single unmarried so I them too I went and asked if you guys are feeling it too. I went and asked if you guys are feeling it too. I went and asked if you guys are feeling it too. what that [laughter] You are going a little crazy. People are saying yes somewhere. People are saying yes somewhere. People are saying yes somewhere. But there is no need to shout so loudly. But there is no need to shout so loudly. But there is no need to shout so loudly. no today. no today. no today. whichch whichch [nasal sound] whichch whichch [nasal sound] whichch whichch [nasal sound] Makes Sense Guys. Ok. See already na age Makes Sense Guys. Ok. See already na age Makes Sense Guys. Ok. See already na age Brand Management of Unmarried Women Hum Log Brand Management of Unmarried Women Hum Log Brand Management of Unmarried Women Hum Log Our PR is going very bad. Our PR is going very bad. Our PR is going very bad. People are already bringing binoculars to see that People are already bringing binoculars to see that People are already bringing binoculars to see that Hey, what a cat has come to their house. saw I brought the fourth I brought the fourth I brought the fourth Brother, it's time to change the neighborhood. Brother, it's time to change the neighborhood. Brother, it's time to change the neighborhood. Is. Is. Is. And the ironic part is there are unmarried And the ironic part is there are unmarried And the ironic part is there are unmarried Women Our Tribe Cannot Grow Through Women Our Tribe Cannot Grow Through Women Our Tribe Cannot Grow Through Reproduction. Right? Yes, it can only grow. Reproduction. Right? Yes, it can only grow. Reproduction. Right? Yes, it can only grow. Through recruitment. Right? So we are too like Through recruitment. Right? So we are too like Through recruitment. Right? So we are too like I am having a lot of fun. Sister Come Here It Is I am having a lot of fun. Sister Come Here It Is I am having a lot of fun. Sister Come Here It Is amazing. But I must inform you that it is always But I must inform you that it is always But I must inform you that it is always Comforting to Have a Tried Right It Comforting to Have a Tried Right It Comforting to Have a Tried Right It Comfort it's all comforting that brother if all Comfort it's all comforting that brother if all Comfort it's all comforting that brother if all People are going crazy together in groups, yes. People are going crazy together in groups, yes. People are going crazy together in groups, yes. So what a shame these four people are sitting here So what a shame these four people are sitting here So what a shame these four people are sitting here Give it to me [laughs] We're Going Crazy Together We're Going Crazy Together We're Going Crazy Together Now Is Like Having Any Other Lifestyle Now Is Like Having Any Other Lifestyle Now Is Like Having Any Other Lifestyle Issue that brother got arthritis as if Issue that brother got arthritis as if Issue that brother got arthritis as if It's happening, it's happening, what can we do? It's happening, it's happening, what can we do? It's happening, it's happening, what can we do? With age, they will go mad and go away With age, they will go mad and go away With age, they will go mad and go away Today I can just drink water and come at the right time. Today I can just drink water and come at the right time. Today I can just drink water and come at the right time. What can be done? I Have Actually Become What can be done? I Have Actually Become What can be done? I Have Actually Become Very comfortable with this idea that Bhai Kabhi Very comfortable with this idea that Bhai Kabhi Very comfortable with this idea that Bhai Kabhi Sometimes you have to go crazy. in fact I have Sometimes you have to go crazy. in fact I have Sometimes you have to go crazy. in fact I have become so comfortable with this idea that become so comfortable with this idea that become so comfortable with this idea that Sometimes when I sit at home and socialize Sometimes when I sit at home and socialize Sometimes when I sit at home and socialize I pass time by scrolling through media. I pass time by scrolling through media. I pass time by scrolling through media. and I see one of these and I see one of these and I see one of these Posted by one of my single friends. The Posted by one of my single friends. The Posted by one of my single friends. The Kind of post which was something like o Kind of post which was something like o Kind of post which was something like o My God I am so happy to be single. My God I am so happy to be single. My God I am so happy to be single. I carried the love of the universe within me I carried the love of the universe within me I carried the love of the universe within me I just poured it out. I just poured it out. I just poured it out. Now I enjoy life so much. This much Now I enjoy life so much. This much Now I enjoy life so much. This much I travel. drink so much matcha latte I travel. drink so much matcha latte I travel. drink so much matcha latte Am. I also make this much latte. hanging upside down Am. I also make this much latte. hanging upside down Am. I also make this much latte. hanging upside down I live here. I live here. I live here. I'm like she's gone completely crazy. Full form has been attended here. this is a Full form has been attended here. this is a Full form has been attended here. this is a Cry for Hebes SOS. Come on girls. Cry for Hebes SOS. Come on girls. Cry for Hebes SOS. Come on girls. I have become very comfortable. Ok. I have become very comfortable. Ok. I have become very comfortable. Ok. In fact, at the end of the 10th session, I In fact, at the end of the 10th session, I In fact, at the end of the 10th session, I I'm telling my therapist the same thing. I'm telling my therapist the same thing. I'm telling my therapist the same thing. Thank you ok great analysis quite a lot Thank you ok great analysis quite a lot Thank you ok great analysis quite a lot I understood but I understood but I understood but [nasal sound] I am [nasal sound] I am [nasal sound] I am Realizing that whatever lifestyle choice is okay Realizing that whatever lifestyle choice is okay Realizing that whatever lifestyle choice is okay Being partnered and single makes me Being partnered and single makes me Being partnered and single makes me I am not feeling any particular pain, I am I am not feeling any particular pain, I am I am not feeling any particular pain, I am comfortable with it so I am saying the question comfortable with it so I am saying the question comfortable with it so I am saying the question For you then, this thing that's going on For you then, this thing that's going on For you then, this thing that's going on I have it inside me [laughs] I have it inside me [laughs] I have it inside me [laughs] Where are you coming from, at this point? Where are you coming from, at this point? Where are you coming from, at this point? 10th session my therapist telling me that you 10th session my therapist telling me that you 10th session my therapist telling me that you No what many times you know someone's grief No what many times you know someone's grief No what many times you know someone's grief Best to Overcome or Solve Best to Overcome or Solve Best to Overcome or Solve This is not the way that we investigate This is not the way that we investigate This is not the way that we investigate What is the source of it? It Might Be More What is the source of it? It Might Be More What is the source of it? It Might Be More Fruitful to Look at What Is Your Reaction Fruitful to Look at What Is Your Reaction Fruitful to Look at What Is Your Reaction To it. I said ya ya that but first you To it. I said ya ya that but first you To it. I said ya ya that but first you Admit Defeat. Ok. Admit Defeat. Ok. Admit Defeat. Ok. I said brother, how is this possible? go away I said brother, how is this possible? go away I said brother, how is this possible? go away I am going through the bad street. Guys if this one hour I am going through the bad street. Guys if this one hour I am going through the bad street. Guys if this one hour I may not be able to make you laugh at all at the end. I may not be able to make you laugh at all at the end. I may not be able to make you laugh at all at the end. And then I say that you have explored crying. And then I say that you have explored crying. And then I say that you have explored crying. Yes You will get a feeling that some slippers You will get a feeling that some slippers You will get a feeling that some slippers I might take it out and kill it. You will do it I I might take it out and kill it. You will do it I I might take it out and kill it. You will do it I I will understand. I will empathize and understand. I will understand. I will empathize and understand. I will understand. I will empathize and understand. Ok. So my What The [ __ ] Are You Saying? Ok. So my What The [ __ ] Are You Saying? Ok. So my What The [ __ ] Are You Saying? Again Unfortunately Therapist Making Again Unfortunately Therapist Making Again Unfortunately Therapist Making Sense. Okay, Ah told me how she was Sense. Okay, Ah told me how she was Sense. Okay, Ah told me how she was playing to make how a lot of times a playing to make how a lot of times a playing to make how a lot of times a whatever you are complaining about this whatever you are complaining about this whatever you are complaining about this Restlessness. this pain is actually not Restlessness. this pain is actually not Restlessness. this pain is actually not Coming from the Grief. it is coming from Coming from the Grief. it is coming from Coming from the Grief. it is coming from Our need to suppress the grief. to control the Our need to suppress the grief. to control the Our need to suppress the grief. to control the Grief to Overpower It. saying at first Grief to Overpower It. saying at first Grief to Overpower It. saying at first You have to understand that whichever person you are You have to understand that whichever person you are You have to understand that whichever person you are The grief you're dealing with is useless. The grief you're dealing with is useless. The grief you're dealing with is useless. No, it is not. Say Abstract Grief It Already No, it is not. Say Abstract Grief It Already No, it is not. Say Abstract Grief It Already Have a purpose in your life. She is saying because Have a purpose in your life. She is saying because Have a purpose in your life. She is saying because You have this grief. one inside you You have this grief. one inside you You have this grief. one inside you Restlessness is what you try to Restlessness is what you try to Restlessness is what you try to Get New Things in Your Life to Achieve New Get New Things in Your Life to Achieve New Get New Things in Your Life to Achieve New Things in Your Life to Know to Fill This Things in Your Life to Know to Fill This Things in Your Life to Know to Fill This Void. Because of this, there is a possibility in your life Void. Because of this, there is a possibility in your life Void. Because of this, there is a possibility in your life There is momentum, there is growth. Your Life Keeps There is momentum, there is growth. Your Life Keeps There is momentum, there is growth. Your Life Keeps Moving Forward. secondly because you have this Moving Forward. secondly because you have this Moving Forward. secondly because you have this Grief. U R N N N N N N N Grief. U R N N N N N N N Grief. U R N N N N N N N An empathetic person. You connect better with An empathetic person. You connect better with An empathetic person. You connect better with People who are sad, okay? who need People who are sad, okay? who need People who are sad, okay? who need Understanding. She Like Now With This Understanding. She Like Now With This Understanding. She Like Now With This Understanding If You Can Just Step Back Understanding If You Can Just Step Back Understanding If You Can Just Step Back And let this grief be you will see that time And let this grief be you will see that time And let this grief be you will see that time With this grief, it automatically takes its form With this grief, it automatically takes its form With this grief, it automatically takes its form She will change, she will shrink, it will become She will change, she will shrink, it will become She will change, she will shrink, it will become Something Manageable It Will Become Something You Something Manageable It Will Become Something You Something Manageable It Will Become Something You Can intelligently interact with Kah Rhi Aap Can intelligently interact with Kah Rhi Aap Can intelligently interact with Kah Rhi Aap Don't think of it as your vanilla Don't think of it as your vanilla Don't think of it as your vanilla Personality Pe Chocolate Sauce Type Hai Personality Pe Chocolate Sauce Type Hai Personality Pe Chocolate Sauce Type Hai exactness exactness exactness I said we are here to say everything I said we are here to say everything I said we are here to say everything How do you come How do you come How do you come How come Constant doesn't go away from my life? How come Constant doesn't go away from my life? How come Constant doesn't go away from my life? Brother, the one who is insulting. Brother, the one who is insulting. Brother, the one who is insulting. But I must tell you this conversation was But I must tell you this conversation was But I must tell you this conversation was Definitely very useful. Because I think I Definitely very useful. Because I think I Definitely very useful. Because I think I also understand now that we are all also understand now that we are all also understand now that we are all Operating Through Times Where We Do Everything Operating Through Times Where We Do Everything Operating Through Times Where We Do Everything Don't move ahead with some functional grief. Don't move ahead with some functional grief. Don't move ahead with some functional grief. Have been. Your life could be perfect in others Have been. Your life could be perfect in others Have been. Your life could be perfect in others People's Lives. Ok? but you could be caring People's Lives. Ok? but you could be caring People's Lives. Ok? but you could be caring The Grief of Their Life. You chose not to have. The Grief of Their Life. You chose not to have. The Grief of Their Life. You chose not to have. And it is perfectly okay. Because we have And it is perfectly okay. Because we have And it is perfectly okay. Because we have There are so many tools to manage all this. There are so many tools to manage all this. There are so many tools to manage all this. To do. We have therapy. we have To do. We have therapy. we have To do. We have therapy. we have Meditation. Journaling from People to You Meditation. Journaling from People to You Meditation. Journaling from People to You Needed Journaling helps you lose your crazy self Needed Journaling helps you lose your crazy self Needed Journaling helps you lose your crazy self First it becomes visible to itself. What is it What is it What is it What has come out of me? oh my What has come out of me? oh my What has come out of me? oh my God ok God ok God ok Very entertaining. ok but but my favorite Very entertaining. ok but but my favorite Very entertaining. ok but but my favorite The Thing to Do to Marry My Mental Health Is The Thing to Do to Marry My Mental Health Is The Thing to Do to Marry My Mental Health Is I like listening to podcasts. Or I like listening to podcasts. Or I like listening to podcasts. Or Typically, there are two types of podcasts. Typically, there are two types of podcasts. Typically, there are two types of podcasts. There are. One is that interview format There are. One is that interview format There are. One is that interview format One. Ah, in which typically someone very One. Ah, in which typically someone very One. Ah, in which typically someone very Accomplished man interviews a loser Accomplished man interviews a loser Accomplished man interviews a loser It has been happening. [Laughter] It has been happening. [Laughter] It has been happening. [Laughter] I think that's also for your mental health. I think that's also for your mental health. I think that's also for your mental health. They are good. Because because typically They are good. Because because typically They are good. Because because typically You listen to that like oh my god these two You listen to that like oh my god these two You listen to that like oh my god these two How can a man say such nonsense publicly? How can a man say such nonsense publicly? How can a man say such nonsense publicly? And left. And left. And left. At least that came to my mind, I said. At least that came to my mind, I said. At least that came to my mind, I said. No. Well done, well done. No. Well done, well done. No. Well done, well done. Good job. Train practiced. Ok. Good for Good job. Train practiced. Ok. Good for Good job. Train practiced. Ok. Good for Ego kicks. Ok. But the Kind of Podcast Ego kicks. Ok. But the Kind of Podcast Ego kicks. Ok. But the Kind of Podcast I'm most hooked to are more of these I'm most hooked to are more of these I'm most hooked to are more of these Monologues. Okay the kind that claims that if Monologues. Okay the kind that claims that if Monologues. Okay the kind that claims that if If you listen to this podcast, we will If you listen to this podcast, we will If you listen to this podcast, we will By communicating directly with the subconscious By communicating directly with the subconscious By communicating directly with the subconscious Will rewire you from within. I said Will rewire you from within. I said Will rewire you from within. I said Wow man, correct the message by entering my ear. Wow man, correct the message by entering my ear. Wow man, correct the message by entering my ear. I will give you mine. what a promise okay and I will give you mine. what a promise okay and I will give you mine. what a promise okay and also because i have to take you know so many also because i have to take you know so many also because i have to take you know so many Flights for this profession. it is so Flights for this profession. it is so Flights for this profession. it is so Convenient. Downloaded before every flight Convenient. Downloaded before every flight Convenient. Downloaded before every flight One Podcast. I start listening to it. One Podcast. I start listening to it. One Podcast. I start listening to it. By the time I land. I am a different By the time I land. I am a different By the time I land. I am a different Person only. Ok? It is amazing. I will Person only. Ok? It is amazing. I will Person only. Ok? It is amazing. I will Give you examples. Like one day I Give you examples. Like one day I Give you examples. Like one day I I listened to podcasts on the flight. I listened to podcasts on the flight. I listened to podcasts on the flight. started a podcast saying how you started a podcast saying how you started a podcast saying how you Become so magnetic from within that everything Become so magnetic from within that everything Become so magnetic from within that everything I am drawn towards you I like wow land I am drawn towards you I like wow land I am drawn towards you I like wow land I will become a magnet as soon as I do it I will become a magnet as soon as I do it I will become a magnet as soon as I do it Brother, please prepare the plane's system. Same Trip Return Flight Second Same Trip Return Flight Second Same Trip Return Flight Second I'm listening to a podcast saying how you I'm listening to a podcast saying how you I'm listening to a podcast saying how you Be so detached from within That you rise above everything. I said That you rise above everything. I said That you rise above everything. I said Then what am I doing on the internet? Then what am I doing on the internet? Then what am I doing on the internet? In life? In life? In life? Only this kinetic energy can be converted into potential energy. Only this kinetic energy can be converted into potential energy. Only this kinetic energy can be converted into potential energy. Have I come to convert you? [Laughter] Have I come to convert you? [Laughter] Have I come to convert you? [Laughter] But but I'm still very hooked to it. Most But but I'm still very hooked to it. Most But but I'm still very hooked to it. Most Recently you know I was taking a flight Recently you know I was taking a flight Recently you know I was taking a flight From Mumbai to Delhi. OK in Delhi From Mumbai to Delhi. OK in Delhi From Mumbai to Delhi. OK in Delhi I had work. I live in Mumbai. This Was I had work. I live in Mumbai. This Was I had work. I live in Mumbai. This Was also this very weird time when she was indigo also this very weird time when she was indigo also this very weird time when she was indigo The flight had defaulted. Many more The flight had defaulted. Many more The flight had defaulted. Many more Flights were running late. So I was already Flights were running late. So I was already Flights were running late. So I was already Got a lot of stress. twice my Got a lot of stress. twice my Got a lot of stress. twice my The flight got cancelled. then a third or another The flight got cancelled. then a third or another The flight got cancelled. then a third or another I took a flight and that too was delayed by an hour. finally I took a flight and that too was delayed by an hour. finally I took a flight and that too was delayed by an hour. finally After all the chaos, I settled into my flight. After all the chaos, I settled into my flight. After all the chaos, I settled into my flight. Flight to Coff. I started listening to podcasts Flight to Coff. I started listening to podcasts Flight to Coff. I started listening to podcasts Did. The topic of this podcast was How To Did. The topic of this podcast was How To Did. The topic of this podcast was How To Embrace and Invoke Your Inner Divine Embrace and Invoke Your Inner Divine Embrace and Invoke Your Inner Divine Feminine. Ok? Whenever I say this Feminine. Ok? Whenever I say this Feminine. Ok? Whenever I say this I'm here to put a familiarity on women's faces I'm here to put a familiarity on women's faces I'm here to put a familiarity on women's faces I see the look of. Yes, and men's faces. I see the look of. Yes, and men's faces. I see the look of. Yes, and men's faces. I will look at the question again. ok in this one I will look at the question again. ok in this one I will look at the question again. ok in this one Don't look at your mistake. Yes, this is a little Don't look at your mistake. Yes, this is a little Don't look at your mistake. Yes, this is a little Heavy sounding you know concept is divine Heavy sounding you know concept is divine Heavy sounding you know concept is divine Feminine and here ladies know that's why Feminine and here ladies know that's why Feminine and here ladies know that's why No, I have come after reading some books. Theirs too No, I have come after reading some books. Theirs too No, I have come after reading some books. Theirs too Coming to the reel wheel itself. Yes, someone Coming to the reel wheel itself. Yes, someone Coming to the reel wheel itself. Yes, someone People have not come after doing any research. Yes, theirs too People have not come after doing any research. Yes, theirs too People have not come after doing any research. Yes, theirs too It's just coming in their face like this. You It's just coming in their face like this. You It's just coming in their face like this. You People are not able to come in people's reels. People are not able to come in people's reels. People are not able to come in people's reels. Here the hot waves are not giving way. Here the hot waves are not giving way. Here the hot waves are not giving way. Are. The Ganges of knowledge is coming, so Sharma is back. The Ganges of knowledge is coming, so Sharma is back. The Ganges of knowledge is coming, so Sharma is back. She should go back. So I will explain She should go back. So I will explain She should go back. So I will explain It's my responsibility. of C podcasts It's my responsibility. of C podcasts It's my responsibility. of C podcasts The topic was Divine Feminine. But its base The topic was Divine Feminine. But its base The topic was Divine Feminine. But its base The concept was actually very simple. Which The concept was actually very simple. Which The concept was actually very simple. Which Is something all of us already sort of no. Is something all of us already sort of no. Is something all of us already sort of no. which is how the idea is of which is how the idea is of which is how the idea is of Masculinity Being a Very Male Thing and Masculinity Being a Very Male Thing and Masculinity Being a Very Male Thing and Femininity being a very female thing. This is what we have Femininity being a very female thing. This is what we have Femininity being a very female thing. This is what we have outdated we know that this spectrum is and we outdated we know that this spectrum is and we outdated we know that this spectrum is and we Everyone is somewhere on the spectrum. Everyone is somewhere on the spectrum. Everyone is somewhere on the spectrum. in fact both this is masculine and feminine in fact both this is masculine and feminine in fact both this is masculine and feminine Energetic Qualities Are Inside All of Us and Energetic Qualities Are Inside All of Us and Energetic Qualities Are Inside All of Us and Who You Choose to Be in the World Is Where You Are Who You Choose to Be in the World Is Where You Are Who You Choose to Be in the World Is Where You Are Find alignment. In fact, I have seen this many times. Find alignment. In fact, I have seen this many times. Find alignment. In fact, I have seen this many times. Because all of it is inside us Because all of it is inside us Because all of it is inside us You have different experiences in different environments. You have different experiences in different environments. You have different experiences in different environments. Personality triggers. It's Seen Very Personality triggers. It's Seen Very Personality triggers. It's Seen Very Offen Women. But you are very masculine at work. Offen Women. But you are very masculine at work. Offen Women. But you are very masculine at work. She behaves. You are very feminine at home. She behaves. You are very feminine at home. She behaves. You are very feminine at home. They live. Or it could be the other way around They live. Or it could be the other way around They live. Or it could be the other way around You used to sit very shyly at work. You used to sit very shyly at work. You used to sit very shyly at work. Are. Yes, not even a leaf moves and Are. Yes, not even a leaf moves and Are. Yes, not even a leaf moves and As soon as he comes home he immediately picks up the whip. As soon as he comes home he immediately picks up the whip. As soon as he comes home he immediately picks up the whip. Whatever the environment is being provided to you. Whatever the environment is being provided to you. Whatever the environment is being provided to you. [laughter] So this is the rough base concept. Now [laughter] So this is the rough base concept. Now [laughter] So this is the rough base concept. Now the podcast I'm listening to, the flight the podcast I'm listening to, the flight the podcast I'm listening to, the flight Taking the level, saying in my ear that Taking the level, saying in my ear that Taking the level, saying in my ear that women like you women like you women like you women like you women like you women like you You people have come out of your homes like cages You people have come out of your homes like cages You people have come out of your homes like cages Breaking the cage, yes, we are free from this life Breaking the cage, yes, we are free from this life Breaking the cage, yes, we are free from this life If you run in the race, you will come first. If you run in the race, you will come first. If you run in the race, you will come first. We will beat everyone and the people will be beaten. We will beat everyone and the people will be beaten. We will beat everyone and the people will be beaten. I will remove the cucumber only I will remove the cucumber only I will remove the cucumber only He's saying you guys have been cut off [laughter]. He's saying you guys have been cut off [laughter]. He's saying you guys have been cut off [laughter]. He is saying that you people have been cut too much. He is saying that you people have been cut too much. He is saying that you people have been cut too much. You guys are running the race in the wrong direction. podcast You guys are running the race in the wrong direction. podcast You guys are running the race in the wrong direction. podcast He is saying who gave you this wisdom that He is saying who gave you this wisdom that He is saying who gave you this wisdom that Anyone would have benefited from participating in this race. Anyone would have benefited from participating in this race. Anyone would have benefited from participating in this race. Is. Just take a step back and see how you can see this race. Is. Just take a step back and see how you can see this race. Is. Just take a step back and see how you can see this race. Look at. Poor people have been thinking this for centuries Look at. Poor people have been thinking this for centuries Look at. Poor people have been thinking this for centuries Running the race. Are running away. Then Running the race. Are running away. Then Running the race. Are running away. Then Round and round they are running. Are running away. End Round and round they are running. Are running away. End Round and round they are running. Are running away. End I'm having some heart attack. roll down I'm having some heart attack. roll down I'm having some heart attack. roll down Have been. Yes, no one is getting anything. Have been. Yes, no one is getting anything. Have been. Yes, no one is getting anything. is in this race. breaking the cycle which is in this race. breaking the cycle which is in this race. breaking the cycle which Humanity has to come out. You armor Humanity has to come out. You armor Humanity has to come out. You armor Wearing the earrings, he himself entered inside it. You got a way out. Ok. you so You got a way out. Ok. you so You got a way out. Ok. you so Got a free pass. You just need to know about your foams. Got a free pass. You just need to know about your foams. Got a free pass. You just need to know about your foams. Go. I have to do it too. I have to do it too. Go. I have to do it too. I have to do it too. Go. I have to do it too. I have to do it too. Ok? Just to prove the point, he got caught Ok? Just to prove the point, he got caught Ok? Just to prove the point, he got caught has entered this race. And now yourself has entered this race. And now yourself has entered this race. And now yourself You have overinvested so much. in You have overinvested so much. in You have overinvested so much. in Trying to Win the Life of a Sad Man. That Trying to Win the Life of a Sad Man. That Trying to Win the Life of a Sad Man. That You Whatever natural gifts you possessed within you Whatever natural gifts you possessed within you Whatever natural gifts you possessed within you As a woman, I have discarded all that. As a woman, I have discarded all that. As a woman, I have discarded all that. podcast saying as a woman universe podcast saying as a woman universe podcast saying as a woman universe gave you so much wisdom. Ok? So much gave you so much wisdom. Ok? So much gave you so much wisdom. Ok? So much Cosmic wisdom gave you the whole world Cosmic wisdom gave you the whole world Cosmic wisdom gave you the whole world Can dance on your fingers. You can't believe those fingers Can dance on your fingers. You can't believe those fingers Can dance on your fingers. You can't believe those fingers I keep breaking the keyboard. I keep breaking the keyboard. I keep breaking the keyboard. What a waste. What a waste. What a waste. What a [ __ ] waste. God gave you a laugh What a [ __ ] waste. God gave you a laugh What a [ __ ] waste. God gave you a laugh Gave the move of. You are trying to become a crow Gave the move of. You are trying to become a crow Gave the move of. You are trying to become a crow Are. what a waste what a [ __ ] waste Are. what a waste what a [ __ ] waste Are. what a waste what a [ __ ] waste And in this confusion, you are still here, right? And in this confusion, you are still here, right? And in this confusion, you are still here, right? It is left over there. You could not become a man. It is left over there. You could not become a man. It is left over there. You could not become a man. Someone has become like a monkey and is left in the middle. Someone has become like a monkey and is left in the middle. Someone has become like a monkey and is left in the middle. In. No one is respecting you like this. In. No one is respecting you like this. In. No one is respecting you like this. No one is respecting me. In the Middle of the Flight. I am having a In the Middle of the Flight. I am having a In the Middle of the Flight. I am having a Mental breakdown. Mental breakdown. Mental breakdown. Now look, I did everything wrong brother. Yes all Now look, I did everything wrong brother. Yes all Now look, I did everything wrong brother. Yes all It is being done to me. That's why I am sad. It is being done to me. That's why I am sad. It is being done to me. That's why I am sad. My life is over over over. Suddenly Podcast My life is over over over. Suddenly Podcast My life is over over over. Suddenly Podcast He says it is not too late yet. I said how does he know my age? I said how does he know my age? I said how does he know my age? I have not entered anywhere. I have not entered anywhere. I have not entered anywhere. The broadcast is saying it's still not too late. You The broadcast is saying it's still not too late. You The broadcast is saying it's still not too late. You You have come to the right place. next half hour You have come to the right place. next half hour You have come to the right place. next half hour In I, we communicate with your subconscious. In I, we communicate with your subconscious. In I, we communicate with your subconscious. do. The good news is that the one inside you do. The good news is that the one inside you do. The good news is that the one inside you The feminine has not gone away anywhere. The feminine has not gone away anywhere. The feminine has not gone away anywhere. She has just sat on the side of the route. are saying She has just sat on the side of the route. are saying She has just sat on the side of the route. are saying Yes, you must know that these are feminine people. Yes, you must know that these are feminine people. Yes, you must know that these are feminine people. Let's do this. Let's do this. Let's do this. These people sit on the side of the road. Then These people sit on the side of the road. Then These people sit on the side of the road. Then They give vibes with money and so on. then speaks They give vibes with money and so on. then speaks They give vibes with money and so on. then speaks No, what's the problem? Then you have to guess No, what's the problem? Then you have to guess No, what's the problem? Then you have to guess Is. Hello baby what happened? Is. Hello baby what happened? Is. Hello baby what happened? Yes. This is Batman's problem with his T-shirt. Yes. This is Batman's problem with his T-shirt. Yes. This is Batman's problem with his T-shirt. Are you feeling it? The podcast is saying don't worry. The podcast is saying don't worry. The podcast is saying don't worry. In the next half an hour we will tell you about the angry woman hidden inside you. In the next half an hour we will tell you about the angry woman hidden inside you. In the next half an hour we will tell you about the angry woman hidden inside you. Will communicate to the feminine that hello Will communicate to the feminine that hello Will communicate to the feminine that hello Madam, what happened? And do it all once Madam, what happened? And do it all once Madam, what happened? And do it all once After Once the Feminine Inside You Comes Back After Once the Feminine Inside You Comes Back After Once the Feminine Inside You Comes Back And Tax Control Again, Tax Charge And Tax Control Again, Tax Charge And Tax Control Again, Tax Charge Again, you will be back in your Goddess energy. Again, you will be back in your Goddess energy. Again, you will be back in your Goddess energy. You will be in your Divine Feminine, your You will be in your Divine Feminine, your You will be in your Divine Feminine, your Only the third eye will open. and saying that Only the third eye will open. and saying that Only the third eye will open. and saying that As soon as this happens you will have to As soon as this happens you will have to As soon as this happens you will have to Whatever feels wrong inside Whatever feels wrong inside Whatever feels wrong inside All that will be corrected. which is in your heart All that will be corrected. which is in your heart All that will be corrected. which is in your heart Whatever sorrow, pain or regret, let it all melt away. Whatever sorrow, pain or regret, let it all melt away. Whatever sorrow, pain or regret, let it all melt away. Will go. Your gait will change. your hair Will go. Your gait will change. your hair Will go. Your gait will change. your hair Will be happy. Your skin will glow. you will Will be happy. Your skin will glow. you will Will be happy. Your skin will glow. you will Feel different in your body. You will find Feel different in your body. You will find Feel different in your body. You will find Alignment. And most importantly, you Alignment. And most importantly, you Alignment. And most importantly, you Will Find a Sense of Belonging That You Be Will Find a Sense of Belonging That You Be Will Find a Sense of Belonging That You Be Missing in this world. Like, wow! I so Missing in this world. Like, wow! I so Missing in this world. Like, wow! I so I haven't even subscribed yet. Wow! Guys by the time I landed in New Delhi Guys by the time I landed in New Delhi Guys by the time I landed in New Delhi T3 Airport I Was Divine Feminine OK I T3 Airport I Was Divine Feminine OK I T3 Airport I Was Divine Feminine OK I I could not understand what has changed in me I could not understand what has changed in me I could not understand what has changed in me Okay, but I could feel something has happened inside. Okay, but I could feel something has happened inside. Okay, but I could feel something has happened inside. A little bit of my personality problem too A little bit of my personality problem too A little bit of my personality problem too It is that no one should talk to me for a while. It is that no one should talk to me for a while. It is that no one should talk to me for a while. So it's my responsibility to buy like me. So it's my responsibility to buy like me. So it's my responsibility to buy like me. Okay, something must have happened, something must have happened. Okay, something must have happened, something must have happened. Okay, something must have happened, something must have happened. I picked up my luggage from the top and boarded the plane. I picked up my luggage from the top and boarded the plane. I picked up my luggage from the top and boarded the plane. I finally deboarded at the airport I finally deboarded at the airport I finally deboarded at the airport Started walking. And this is when I Started walking. And this is when I Started walking. And this is when I New Something Has Shifted Dramatically. New Something Has Shifted Dramatically. New Something Has Shifted Dramatically. Because firstly you should know that you know I am Because firstly you should know that you know I am Because firstly you should know that you know I am Wired in a way that I'm always too early Wired in a way that I'm always too early Wired in a way that I'm always too early I live here only. Whether to talk or I live here only. Whether to talk or I live here only. Whether to talk or I have to walk. Land at any airport, anywhere I have to walk. Land at any airport, anywhere I have to walk. Land at any airport, anywhere I have a reflex that brother I have a reflex that brother I have a reflex that brother Run out of here in three or four minutes. Run out of here in three or four minutes. Run out of here in three or four minutes. pass in. No one would be waiting for me. pass in. No one would be waiting for me. pass in. No one would be waiting for me. Is? But I'm Just Always Running at Any Is? But I'm Just Always Running at Any Is? But I'm Just Always Running at Any Airports Across the World. Ok? I take no Airports Across the World. Ok? I take no Airports Across the World. Ok? I take no Time. I am just running. Ok? But this day, Time. I am just running. Ok? But this day, Time. I am just running. Ok? But this day, I start walking at this airport I start walking at this airport I start walking at this airport Terminal. I'm like hey what happened Terminal. I'm like hey what happened Terminal. I'm like hey what happened Is? How did my life change on its own? These Is? How did my life change on its own? These Is? How did my life change on its own? These I have come to the set of Heera Mandi. What I have come to the set of Heera Mandi. What I have come to the set of Heera Mandi. What Is it going on? What the Work is Happening? Is it going on? What the Work is Happening? Is it going on? What the Work is Happening? Whenever I become I'm feeling no rush, no Whenever I become I'm feeling no rush, no Whenever I become I'm feeling no rush, no Urgency. I am feeling so relaxed. Urgency. I am feeling so relaxed. Urgency. I am feeling so relaxed. Ok? I'm actually feeling so centered, Ok? I'm actually feeling so centered, Ok? I'm actually feeling so centered, So Present and You Must Understand Again So Present and You Must Understand Again So Present and You Must Understand Again This is the time when this airline has This is the time when this airline has This is the time when this airline has Defaulted. Ok? Airport Pe More Than Defaulted. Ok? Airport Pe More Than Defaulted. Ok? Airport Pe More Than The usual chaos is going on. Ok? everybody here The usual chaos is going on. Ok? everybody here The usual chaos is going on. Ok? everybody here I am having a chill drink. Typically when I see I am having a chill drink. Typically when I see I am having a chill drink. Typically when I see Crowds like this I became an ash white Crowds like this I became an ash white Crowds like this I became an ash white Person. Okay oh my god not my scene. Ok Person. Okay oh my god not my scene. Ok Person. Okay oh my god not my scene. Ok But this day [laughs]. But this day [laughs]. But this day [laughs]. This Day I See This Crowd in Front of My This Day I See This Crowd in Front of My This Day I See This Crowd in Front of My There. I'm like wow There. I'm like wow There. I'm like wow Humanity. Humanity. Humanity. Ok. I don't know what hypnosis was. Ok. I don't know what hypnosis was. Ok. I don't know what hypnosis was. Me. I find everyone's faces beautiful Me. I find everyone's faces beautiful Me. I find everyone's faces beautiful Are. Everyone's voice is sounding sweet. Ok. I Are. Everyone's voice is sounding sweet. Ok. I Are. Everyone's voice is sounding sweet. Ok. I I'm like wow! It's such a blessing to me among I'm like wow! It's such a blessing to me among I'm like wow! It's such a blessing to me among The People OK OK Joe Four Minutes at the Airport The People OK OK Joe Four Minutes at the Airport The People OK OK Joe Four Minutes at the Airport I can go out for a long time. I can do something. I can go out for a long time. I can do something. I can go out for a long time. I can do something. I will walk around for 15 minutes and then I will leave. I will walk around for 15 minutes and then I will leave. I will walk around for 15 minutes and then I will leave. I'm walking, I can feel people turning around I'm walking, I can feel people turning around I'm walking, I can feel people turning around You are looking at me, I said wow man, how much You are looking at me, I said wow man, how much You are looking at me, I said wow man, how much My other brother has changed my life, I have taken a bath in the morning. My other brother has changed my life, I have taken a bath in the morning. My other brother has changed my life, I have taken a bath in the morning. I didn't even know It's been 15-20 minutes, I just enjoy it. It's been 15-20 minutes, I just enjoy it. It's been 15-20 minutes, I just enjoy it. airport and finally as I look at the airport and finally as I look at the airport and finally as I look at the Me outside the airport exit Me outside the airport exit Me outside the airport exit And the crowd and chaos are visible and I am feeling And the crowd and chaos are visible and I am feeling And the crowd and chaos are visible and I am feeling Excited. I like wow ocean of Excited. I like wow ocean of Excited. I like wow ocean of Humanity. Ok. Now this drop goes to Saigar Humanity. Ok. Now this drop goes to Saigar Humanity. Ok. Now this drop goes to Saigar I am going to get water. OK [laughs] I am going to get water. OK [laughs] I am going to get water. OK [laughs] I'm like wow I can't believe this is how I'm like wow I can't believe this is how I'm like wow I can't believe this is how Other People Feel OK Is This What You Feel Other People Feel OK Is This What You Feel Other People Feel OK Is This What You Feel When you have a sense of belonging. Ok When you have a sense of belonging. Ok When you have a sense of belonging. Ok And I am walking towards this. Ok And I am walking towards this. Ok And I am walking towards this. Ok Exactly I think wow man. I Can't Believe Exactly I think wow man. I Can't Believe Exactly I think wow man. I Can't Believe That a podcast corrected my life That a podcast corrected my life That a podcast corrected my life Gave. A podcast just flipped my mind. Gave. A podcast just flipped my mind. Gave. A podcast just flipped my mind. Did it. it is it is so amazing to be Did it. it is it is so amazing to be Did it. it is it is so amazing to be This person. I like why the [ __ ] was I so This person. I like why the [ __ ] was I so This person. I like why the [ __ ] was I so Obsessed in Trying to Really Win a Obsessed in Trying to Really Win a Obsessed in Trying to Really Win a My life it is so beautiful to be a My life it is so beautiful to be a My life it is so beautiful to be a Woman? Ok? It is so beautiful to be a Woman? Ok? It is so beautiful to be a Woman? Ok? It is so beautiful to be a Woman? I am feeling so good. Ok? I Woman? I am feeling so good. Ok? I Woman? I am feeling so good. Ok? I Feeling so good? Why did I why did I Feeling so good? Why did I why did I Feeling so good? Why did I why did I I rejected the woman inside me that I rejected the woman inside me that I rejected the woman inside me that why was so obsessed with this idea that why was so obsessed with this idea that why was so obsessed with this idea that The life of men becomes better. Absolutely The life of men becomes better. Absolutely The life of men becomes better. Absolutely It wouldn't have been better. Ok. My Life Is So Much It wouldn't have been better. Ok. My Life Is So Much It wouldn't have been better. Ok. My Life Is So Much Good? Everyone should be a woman. Good? Everyone should be a woman. Good? Everyone should be a woman. It's so much fun to be a woman. Why? Why It's so much fun to be a woman. Why? Why It's so much fun to be a woman. Why? Why Was I a student? Why did I think that Was I a student? Why did I think that Was I a student? Why did I think that Being a woman is weak. Why did you think that being a woman Being a woman is weak. Why did you think that being a woman Being a woman is weak. Why did you think that being a woman Is that why? Why? Why? Is that why? Why? Why? Is that why? Why? Why? I took four steps to the airport. Hansi I took four steps to the airport. Hansi I took four steps to the airport. Hansi Of humanity was absorbed. one minute Of humanity was absorbed. one minute Of humanity was absorbed. one minute I found it very correct. I said, wow! This I found it very correct. I said, wow! This I found it very correct. I said, wow! This Is What Belonging Feels Like Amazing. Is What Belonging Feels Like Amazing. Is What Belonging Feels Like Amazing. The next minute a heart twitch came from somewhere. The next minute a heart twitch came from somewhere. The next minute a heart twitch came from somewhere. He cut it and went away. He cut it and went away. He cut it and went away. Someone from Somewhere Came Pitch by Bottom [ __ ] Someone from Somewhere Came Pitch by Bottom [ __ ] Someone from Somewhere Came Pitch by Bottom [ __ ] Of Guys Divine and Feminine Both Left Me Of Guys Divine and Feminine Both Left Me Of Guys Divine and Feminine Both Left Me Very hard, very hard, I was absolutely Very hard, very hard, I was absolutely Very hard, very hard, I was absolutely Masculine in microseconds my brain Masculine in microseconds my brain Masculine in microseconds my brain I was so angry suddenly now I was so angry suddenly now I was so angry suddenly now The face looks like the next one. Yes, every sound in my ears The face looks like the next one. Yes, every sound in my ears The face looks like the next one. Yes, every sound in my ears It is stinging. grabbing the whole world It is stinging. grabbing the whole world It is stinging. grabbing the whole world I feel like killing. I was so angry I feel like killing. I was so angry I feel like killing. I was so angry Okay, and in that anger, bearly I had Okay, and in that anger, bearly I had Okay, and in that anger, bearly I had No curiosity that pinches me No curiosity that pinches me No curiosity that pinches me Who has cut it? Ok. I really felt Who has cut it? Ok. I really felt Who has cut it? Ok. I really felt Like, my cosmic hand has come from somewhere Like, my cosmic hand has come from somewhere Like, my cosmic hand has come from somewhere To burst the balloon. Ok? it felt To burst the balloon. Ok? it felt To burst the balloon. Ok? it felt like someone is trying to have a good laugh at like someone is trying to have a good laugh at like someone is trying to have a good laugh at My Expenses. I was so angry. I tell My Expenses. I was so angry. I tell My Expenses. I was so angry. I tell You and I were angry because little I was You and I were angry because little I was You and I were angry because little I was Flying to Delhi to participate in an in Flying to Delhi to participate in an in Flying to Delhi to participate in an in A Round Table of Empowered Women. Ok? A Round Table of Empowered Women. Ok? A Round Table of Empowered Women. Ok? Yes. Now in the evening, no matter how much I Yes. Now in the evening, no matter how much I Yes. Now in the evening, no matter how much I I should become important. Full Time Twitch Is Cut I should become important. Full Time Twitch Is Cut I should become important. Full Time Twitch Is Cut Now. Yes, Twitch Now Not Getting Uncut. Now. Yes, Twitch Now Not Getting Uncut. Now. Yes, Twitch Now Not Getting Uncut. Ok. [Laughter] Ok. [Laughter] Ok. [Laughter] And as I am trying to get out of this And as I am trying to get out of this And as I am trying to get out of this Crowd. OK, try to hold your pillar. Crowd. OK, try to hold your pillar. Crowd. OK, try to hold your pillar. I have been. I am also that thing I am I am I have been. I am also that thing I am I am I have been. I am also that thing I am I am Angry Because I'm Not Young Anymore. when Angry Because I'm Not Young Anymore. when Angry Because I'm Not Young Anymore. when I used to be young I know that I used to I used to be young I know that I used to I used to be young I know that I used to Find Ways to Tell Myself You Know What? Find Ways to Tell Myself You Know What? Find Ways to Tell Myself You Know What? If something like this happens that maybe when I am a little If something like this happens that maybe when I am a little If something like this happens that maybe when I am a little When I grow up I will find I learn more about When I grow up I will find I learn more about When I grow up I will find I learn more about I will avoid all these things from the world. I will avoid all these things from the world. I will avoid all these things from the world. can I do it or maybe I will earn enough can I do it or maybe I will earn enough can I do it or maybe I will earn enough Resources and Respect in the World Resources and Respect in the World Resources and Respect in the World It won't happen to me. Now I am old enough. It won't happen to me. Now I am old enough. It won't happen to me. Now I am old enough. Ok. I am 38 now you should know this. Ok? Ok. I am 38 now you should know this. Ok? Ok. I am 38 now you should know this. Ok? Or Or Or It has been an hour since we started talking. I'm 38 now yeah deal with it I'm 38 now I'm 38 now yeah deal with it I'm 38 now I'm 38 now yeah deal with it I'm 38 now The Truth About 38 Is It I Know That I The Truth About 38 Is It I Know That I The Truth About 38 Is It I Know That I There's nothing else in the world to learn or do There's nothing else in the world to learn or do There's nothing else in the world to learn or do Nothing more I can do which will Nothing more I can do which will Nothing more I can do which will Prevent this from happening if it happens today Prevent this from happening if it happens today Prevent this from happening if it happens today This has always been there, it will always be there with everyone This has always been there, it will always be there with everyone This has always been there, it will always be there with everyone You are reaching anything, anywhere in life You are reaching anything, anywhere in life You are reaching anything, anywhere in life Jae It Only Takes One Hand To Come And Show Jae It Only Takes One Hand To Come And Show Jae It Only Takes One Hand To Come And Show You Your Place in the World and That Is So You Your Place in the World and That Is So You Your Place in the World and That Is So Sad that made me so angry I like me Sad that made me so angry I like me Sad that made me so angry I like me I'm having some anger attack type thing when I I'm having some anger attack type thing when I I'm having some anger attack type thing when I There was a couple standing near me like this There was a couple standing near me like this There was a couple standing near me like this Went. He had no child in his hands. Children Went. He had no child in his hands. Children Went. He had no child in his hands. Children How did you see your side Welcome? I How did you see your side Welcome? I How did you see your side Welcome? I Said And you must know this action only children And you must know this action only children And you must know this action only children Was not shocked. Shocked me too. Was not shocked. Shocked me too. Was not shocked. Shocked me too. Oh what the [ __ ] just happened. Ok. hey me Oh what the [ __ ] just happened. Ok. hey me Oh what the [ __ ] just happened. Ok. hey me Something very major attack type is happening. Something very major attack type is happening. Something very major attack type is happening. I panicked and threw both my bags on the ground. I panicked and threw both my bags on the ground. I panicked and threw both my bags on the ground. Keep it. I held my head. I said [ __ ] Keep it. I held my head. I said [ __ ] Keep it. I held my head. I said [ __ ] Man. What the [ __ ] has happened to me. And I Man. What the [ __ ] has happened to me. And I Man. What the [ __ ] has happened to me. And I Sweat God. In that moment in my eyes Sweat God. In that moment in my eyes Sweat God. In that moment in my eyes A cab passed by like this. LEDs above the cab A cab passed by like this. LEDs above the cab A cab passed by like this. LEDs above the cab Kangana's face was drawn on the screen. Kangana's face was drawn on the screen. Kangana's face was drawn on the screen. You're saying it like I understand now. You're saying it like I understand now. You're saying it like I understand now. sister? or are there any other questions left? sister? or are there any other questions left? sister? or are there any other questions left? Is. Yes, I won't let you go without driving you crazy. Is. Yes, I won't let you go without driving you crazy. Is. Yes, I won't let you go without driving you crazy. These people will take you from here. Guys before I and this [laughs] show. Guys before I and this [laughs] show. Guys before I and this [laughs] show. I must tell you like this is the point. Me I must tell you like this is the point. Me I must tell you like this is the point. Me The actual message to be given in the show is this much The actual message to be given in the show is this much The actual message to be given in the show is this much It is there. Ok? That's all there is to it. but then you know It is there. Ok? That's all there is to it. but then you know It is there. Ok? That's all there is to it. but then you know Whenever I do the show I feel like you know Whenever I do the show I feel like you know Whenever I do the show I feel like you know There Some Young People in the Audience. and them There Some Young People in the Audience. and them There Some Young People in the Audience. and them How can I let it go on such a cynical note? Edge How can I let it go on such a cynical note? Edge How can I let it go on such a cynical note? Edge An artist is my responsibility that An artist is my responsibility that An artist is my responsibility that If I have caused a problem, then something If I have caused a problem, then something If I have caused a problem, then something Should I give you some actionable material? and the good Should I give you some actionable material? and the good Should I give you some actionable material? and the good Thing About Living Okay, Almost Four Thing About Living Okay, Almost Four Thing About Living Okay, Almost Four Decades of Life on This Earth. almost four Decades of Life on This Earth. almost four Decades of Life on This Earth. almost four Decades. Almost, okay? its just bad Decades. Almost, okay? its just bad Decades. Almost, okay? its just bad These things don't happen, right? good things too These things don't happen, right? good things too These things don't happen, right? good things too It happens with you. So I want to tell you It happens with you. So I want to tell you It happens with you. So I want to tell you That I think one phase of my life when That I think one phase of my life when That I think one phase of my life when I Felt That I Was in the Presence of You I Felt That I Was in the Presence of You I Felt That I Was in the Presence of You No Strong Divine Feminine Energy Was No Strong Divine Feminine Energy Was No Strong Divine Feminine Energy Was When I was very small and I had to spend When I was very small and I had to spend When I was very small and I had to spend Time with my elder aunt. actually me Time with my elder aunt. actually me Time with my elder aunt. actually me It seems that whatever I have in my life It seems that whatever I have in my life It seems that whatever I have in my life The concepts of love, affection, and romance are The concepts of love, affection, and romance are The concepts of love, affection, and romance are I either got it from Yash Chopra ji. I either got it from Yash Chopra ji. I either got it from Yash Chopra ji. Or have you met this Tai ji? which is Or have you met this Tai ji? which is Or have you met this Tai ji? which is Actually a bit counter intuitive. because Actually a bit counter intuitive. because Actually a bit counter intuitive. because Typically in our homes, Tai ji has this Typically in our homes, Tai ji has this Typically in our homes, Tai ji has this There is no role responsibility. They There is no role responsibility. They There is no role responsibility. They Typically, the avatar of bullying mums Typically, the avatar of bullying mums Typically, the avatar of bullying mums Let's take it. But this Tai ji actually Let's take it. But this Tai ji actually Let's take it. But this Tai ji actually It was very different and very unique. ok she It was very different and very unique. ok she It was very different and very unique. ok she Was really so full of love. ok sometimes them Was really so full of love. ok sometimes them Was really so full of love. ok sometimes them Look, she might be hugging nine trees someday. Look, she might be hugging nine trees someday. Look, she might be hugging nine trees someday. Sometimes his feet will start dancing in the rain. Sometimes his feet will start dancing in the rain. Sometimes his feet will start dancing in the rain. Sometimes seeing butterflies in their eyes Sometimes seeing butterflies in their eyes Sometimes seeing butterflies in their eyes The water will come. If I make a video of them The water will come. If I make a video of them The water will come. If I make a video of them If she had brought it, you people would have thought that it was acid etc. If she had brought it, you people would have thought that it was acid etc. If she had brought it, you people would have thought that it was acid etc. It has been done. Ok! It has been done. Ok! It has been done. Ok! She was like this brother, she was like this, okay he was She was like this brother, she was like this, okay he was She was like this brother, she was like this, okay he was Really very very full of love my mother used Really very very full of love my mother used Really very very full of love my mother used To Hate Her OK To Hate Her OK To Hate Her OK He has a lot of free time in life brother. He has a lot of free time in life brother. He has a lot of free time in life brother. Don't they have some work left anyway? Don't they have some work left anyway? Don't they have some work left anyway? Brother, who dances to the tune of a crow like this? Brother, who dances to the tune of a crow like this? Brother, who dances to the tune of a crow like this? And the truth is Tai ji was free And the truth is Tai ji was free And the truth is Tai ji was free Zindagi mein because you know her husband my Zindagi mein because you know her husband my Zindagi mein because you know her husband my Uncle was a resourceful man. enough at home Uncle was a resourceful man. enough at home Uncle was a resourceful man. enough at home Staff was there to help. children grow up Staff was there to help. children grow up Staff was there to help. children grow up Had gone to hostel. So she had that luxury Had gone to hostel. So she had that luxury Had gone to hostel. So she had that luxury Of time and she had no shame in enjoying it. Of time and she had no shame in enjoying it. Of time and she had no shame in enjoying it. Now it's a matter of a summer vocation. My Mom Now it's a matter of a summer vocation. My Mom Now it's a matter of a summer vocation. My Mom out of town for a two-week seminar out of town for a two-week seminar out of town for a two-week seminar Had to go out. Mummy is telling you to give Had to go out. Mummy is telling you to give Had to go out. Mummy is telling you to give Leave her at Taiji's house for a week. Leave her at Taiji's house for a week. Leave her at Taiji's house for a week. Have been. Make their life hell if possible. Have been. Make their life hell if possible. Have been. Make their life hell if possible. Give. Isn't it? If possible, in Ravana's Lanka Give. Isn't it? If possible, in Ravana's Lanka Give. Isn't it? If possible, in Ravana's Lanka Set it on fire and come back. my blessing Set it on fire and come back. my blessing Set it on fire and come back. my blessing Is with you. I was only eight years old. Is with you. I was only eight years old. Is with you. I was only eight years old. I had no such plans. Any I had no such plans. Any I had no such plans. Any There was no plan. In fact, in two weeks There was no plan. In fact, in two weeks There was no plan. In fact, in two weeks These were very good weeks of my life. First These were very good weeks of my life. First These were very good weeks of my life. First So I realized that you know in two weeks that So I realized that you know in two weeks that So I realized that you know in two weeks that If your father is not paying the AC bill every day If your father is not paying the AC bill every day If your father is not paying the AC bill every day If yes, then sleep very well at night in AC. If yes, then sleep very well at night in AC. If yes, then sleep very well at night in AC. It comes. It comes. It comes. And secondly of course ok tai ji also And secondly of course ok tai ji also And secondly of course ok tai ji also Made sure that my every day is very good. Made sure that my every day is very good. Made sure that my every day is very good. Ok? I have a lot of fun. he is with me Ok? I have a lot of fun. he is with me Ok? I have a lot of fun. he is with me She also used to play. Sometimes I get help in small tasks She also used to play. Sometimes I get help in small tasks She also used to play. Sometimes I get help in small tasks I will tell you to water the garden. I will tell you to water the garden. I will tell you to water the garden. Please help me. Sometimes my hand was engaged in sewing and embroidery Please help me. Sometimes my hand was engaged in sewing and embroidery Please help me. Sometimes my hand was engaged in sewing and embroidery Apply it. and through out this she would also Apply it. and through out this she would also Apply it. and through out this she would also Give me nuggets of wisdom about life. So Give me nuggets of wisdom about life. So Give me nuggets of wisdom about life. So Eyes to Feel Like You Know a Very Grown Up Eyes to Feel Like You Know a Very Grown Up Eyes to Feel Like You Know a Very Grown Up Person like one day Tai ji in her kitchen Person like one day Tai ji in her kitchen Person like one day Tai ji in her kitchen She was standing and making tea and I was just watching them. She was standing and making tea and I was just watching them. She was standing and making tea and I was just watching them. I was sitting and watching. Tai ji makes tea. I was sitting and watching. Tai ji makes tea. I was sitting and watching. Tai ji makes tea. Talk to me. Say, look, son, this is Talk to me. Say, look, son, this is Talk to me. Say, look, son, this is Evening tea is a way for a person to satisfy himself. Evening tea is a way for a person to satisfy himself. Evening tea is a way for a person to satisfy himself. There is a reward. When we've finished our day's work There is a reward. When we've finished our day's work There is a reward. When we've finished our day's work After finishing, he gives himself a cup of tea. After finishing, he gives himself a cup of tea. After finishing, he gives himself a cup of tea. So you're telling yourself, well done. So you're telling yourself, well done. So you're telling yourself, well done. I lived this day well. And when we stand for ourselves I lived this day well. And when we stand for ourselves I lived this day well. And when we stand for ourselves If you start doing something like this every day, then If you start doing something like this every day, then If you start doing something like this every day, then Then we got praise from someone and from someone else Then we got praise from someone and from someone else Then we got praise from someone and from someone else There is no need for applause. so be it There is no need for applause. so be it There is no need for applause. so be it If possible, do something like this for yourself every day. If possible, do something like this for yourself every day. If possible, do something like this for yourself every day. Needed Treat yourself to a cup of tea in the evening Needed Treat yourself to a cup of tea in the evening Needed Treat yourself to a cup of tea in the evening Needed [Appreciation] Needed [Appreciation] Needed [Appreciation] I was only eight years old. I was only eight years old. I was only eight years old. I was like these big people, very strange I was like these big people, very strange I was like these big people, very strange There is a strange problem. Brother There is a strange problem. Brother There is a strange problem. Brother But I could sense something important. But I could sense something important. But I could sense something important. It is well said. So I made a small It is well said. So I made a small It is well said. So I made a small Opened the notebook and started making notes. I Opened the notebook and started making notes. I Opened the notebook and started making notes. I Said we will revise it when we grow up. Ok? Said we will revise it when we grow up. Ok? Said we will revise it when we grow up. Ok? I am making notes here. Tai ji is here I am making notes here. Tai ji is here I am making notes here. Tai ji is here She is making tea. Suddenly V.C.'s kitchen She is making tea. Suddenly V.C.'s kitchen She is making tea. Suddenly V.C.'s kitchen A monkey has come and sat on the window. Tai ji A monkey has come and sat on the window. Tai ji A monkey has come and sat on the window. Tai ji saw the monkey. She looked at me and smiled. saw the monkey. She looked at me and smiled. saw the monkey. She looked at me and smiled. She is saying we [laughs] the monkey has come. She is saying we [laughs] the monkey has come. She is saying we [laughs] the monkey has come. It's time for his evening tea too. It's time for his evening tea too. It's time for his evening tea too. will be. We [laughs] will be. We [laughs] will be. We [laughs] I make tea and give it to him also. I make tea and give it to him also. I make tea and give it to him also. I said What nonsense is this going on brother? Then you have to understand that the kind of Then you have to understand that the kind of Then you have to understand that the kind of Because of the upbringing my mother gave me Because of the upbringing my mother gave me Because of the upbringing my mother gave me If you ever came to my house in the evening If you ever came to my house in the evening If you ever came to my house in the evening If you call me, put some poison in your tea. If you call me, put some poison in your tea. If you call me, put some poison in your tea. You can expect it. You can expect it. You can expect it. It will be a little light, no doubt okay and you It will be a little light, no doubt okay and you It will be a little light, no doubt okay and you Looks like a tax paying citizen of the world Looks like a tax paying citizen of the world Looks like a tax paying citizen of the world Are. Extra tea for Taiji the monkey Are. Extra tea for Taiji the monkey Are. Extra tea for Taiji the monkey Are making. My mind just exploded. Are making. My mind just exploded. Are making. My mind just exploded. Tai ji looked at me. Saw my confusion. Tai ji looked at me. Saw my confusion. Tai ji looked at me. Saw my confusion. Should I smile or not? Look son, love me Should I smile or not? Look son, love me Should I smile or not? Look son, love me A person should do the same. in your heart A person should do the same. in your heart A person should do the same. in your heart There should be so much love that whoever stands on the way There should be so much love that whoever stands on the way There should be so much love that whoever stands on the way If you meet him, keep sharing your love. sharing love If you meet him, keep sharing your love. sharing love If you meet him, keep sharing your love. sharing love I should never be negligent. His I should never be negligent. His I should never be negligent. His What to do, the universe will see for itself. What to do, the universe will see for itself. What to do, the universe will see for itself. No, and how many opportunities do we get? No, and how many opportunities do we get? No, and how many opportunities do we get? So wherever you get a chance, whenever you get a chance, like So wherever you get a chance, whenever you get a chance, like So wherever you get a chance, whenever you get a chance, like meet. Just keep giving love. [Laughter] meet. Just keep giving love. [Laughter] meet. Just keep giving love. [Laughter] I am still only eight years old, brother. I am still only eight years old, brother. I am still only eight years old, brother. I said take this word love five times I said take this word love five times I said take this word love five times So it sounds very clean. on OK So it sounds very clean. on OK So it sounds very clean. on OK I recorded the notes. I said brother I recorded the notes. I said brother I recorded the notes. I said brother All this is a matter for later. Ok. I All this is a matter for later. Ok. I All this is a matter for later. Ok. I Made notes here. Fresh instant extras Made notes here. Fresh instant extras Made notes here. Fresh instant extras A set of tea cups was kept ready. to the monkey A set of tea cups was kept ready. to the monkey A set of tea cups was kept ready. to the monkey Seeing this, the window started opening. So the window Seeing this, the window started opening. So the window Seeing this, the window started opening. So the window The monkey ran away in fear due to the noise. Tai ji's The monkey ran away in fear due to the noise. Tai ji's The monkey ran away in fear due to the noise. Tai ji's The shoulders sank. saying come in everyone The shoulders sank. saying come in everyone The shoulders sank. saying come in everyone Time does not have the capacity to receive love Time does not have the capacity to receive love Time does not have the capacity to receive love It would have been. It doesn't mean that your love It doesn't mean that your love It doesn't mean that your love Not love. I said, brother, algebra. Not love. I said, brother, algebra. Not love. I said, brother, algebra. It is much easier. Notes Notes completed. Notes Notes completed. Notes Notes completed. Cut to another day, the exact same thing. Cut to another day, the exact same thing. Cut to another day, the exact same thing. Repeats. Ok Tai ji is making tea here. Repeats. Ok Tai ji is making tea here. Repeats. Ok Tai ji is making tea here. I am sitting and watching them. Monkey again I am sitting and watching them. Monkey again I am sitting and watching them. Monkey again I came and sat down. Tai ji looked happy again. many times I came and sat down. Tai ji looked happy again. many times I came and sat down. Tai ji looked happy again. many times Neither does love need words. Neither does love need words. Neither does love need words. I said Urdu has arrived. I said Urdu has arrived. I said Urdu has arrived. I did not understand anything about it but it became deep. I did not understand anything about it but it became deep. I did not understand anything about it but it became deep. Clearly. Three times underline [laughs] Tai ji again quickly made extra tea. Tai ji again quickly made extra tea. Tai ji again quickly made extra tea. Made. Apna Bone China Six Cup Set Made. Apna Bone China Six Cup Set Made. Apna Bone China Six Cup Set Removed. Tea for the monkey in a cup Removed. Tea for the monkey in a cup Removed. Tea for the monkey in a cup Took it out. Open the window quietly and without making any noise. Took it out. Open the window quietly and without making any noise. Took it out. Open the window quietly and without making any noise. And very slowly he slid the tea towards the monkey. And very slowly he slid the tea towards the monkey. And very slowly he slid the tea towards the monkey. I Could See Monkey also has a second time. I Could See Monkey also has a second time. I Could See Monkey also has a second time. Feeling a little confident. So he Feeling a little confident. So he Feeling a little confident. So he Saw Tai ji, saw the tea. both hands Saw Tai ji, saw the tea. both hands Saw Tai ji, saw the tea. both hands pulled the cup towards me, took a sip, pulled the cup towards me, took a sip, pulled the cup towards me, took a sip, He threw it, then ran away. [Laughter] He threw it, then ran away. [Laughter] He threw it, then ran away. [Laughter] Tai ji is again sad and saying come and give me love. Tai ji is again sad and saying come and give me love. Tai ji is again sad and saying come and give me love. Time never gives me hope of getting my love back Time never gives me hope of getting my love back Time never gives me hope of getting my love back Should not be applied. I asked, what happened in his childhood, brother? Someone please take out his slam book and read it to me. Now, on the third day, I don't blame myself Now, on the third day, I don't blame myself Now, on the third day, I don't blame myself Tai ji ok I think it's a human tendency Tai ji ok I think it's a human tendency Tai ji ok I think it's a human tendency It happens that something that has happened twice is given It happens that something that has happened twice is given It happens that something that has happened twice is given You start expecting a pattern then You start expecting a pattern then You start expecting a pattern then On the third day, Taiji already had extra tea. On the third day, Taiji already had extra tea. On the third day, Taiji already had extra tea. Having climbed up and prepared your set weight, the monkey of the cup Having climbed up and prepared your set weight, the monkey of the cup Having climbed up and prepared your set weight, the monkey of the cup I am waiting for the monkey and now the monkey is not coming. I am waiting for the monkey and now the monkey is not coming. I am waiting for the monkey and now the monkey is not coming. Two minutes passed, 5 minutes passed, 7 minutes passed. Two minutes passed, 5 minutes passed, 7 minutes passed. Two minutes passed, 5 minutes passed, 7 minutes passed. The tea is getting dark here. Their The tea is getting dark here. Their The tea is getting dark here. Their The mouth is getting disappointed here. Monkey Fire Somewhere The mouth is getting disappointed here. Monkey Fire Somewhere The mouth is getting disappointed here. Monkey Fire Somewhere I am not giving. At some point Taiji I am not giving. At some point Taiji I am not giving. At some point Taiji Finally gave up. Chaiwa closed her bow Finally gave up. Chaiwa closed her bow Finally gave up. Chaiwa closed her bow Picked up the sieve from below. I turned around and saw the monkey coming. Picked up the sieve from below. I turned around and saw the monkey coming. Picked up the sieve from below. I turned around and saw the monkey coming. Is. Tai ji danced like this. Oh my God. As such Is. Tai ji danced like this. Oh my God. As such Is. Tai ji danced like this. Oh my God. As such His mouth burned like a halogen. His mouth burned like a halogen. His mouth burned like a halogen. saw saw saw If love is true, it will come back again and again. If love is true, it will come back again and again. If love is true, it will come back again and again. It comes anyway. It comes anyway. It comes anyway. I was like, this [ __ ] be crazy Cap Taiji quickly drank her black tea. Taiji quickly drank her black tea. Taiji quickly drank her black tea. Taken out in a set of china. blow by blow Taken out in a set of china. blow by blow Taken out in a set of china. blow by blow Of the cold. Who knows what the poor monkey's face will be tomorrow? Of the cold. Who knows what the poor monkey's face will be tomorrow? Of the cold. Who knows what the poor monkey's face will be tomorrow? It may have burnt. Yes, the tea won't spoil. It may have burnt. Yes, the tea won't spoil. It may have burnt. Yes, the tea won't spoil. I can, brother. I can, brother. I can, brother. window Open the window and serve the monkey tea with your own hands. Open the window and serve the monkey tea with your own hands. Open the window and serve the monkey tea with your own hands. Moved to the side. And now, in this moment, this Moved to the side. And now, in this moment, this Moved to the side. And now, in this moment, this This is what I was telling you about. in this This is what I was telling you about. in this This is what I was telling you about. in this Moment, I could see that Tai Ji exactly Moment, I could see that Tai Ji exactly Moment, I could see that Tai Ji exactly What were you trying to show me? Because such What were you trying to show me? Because such What were you trying to show me? Because such He extended his hand towards the monkey. He extended his hand towards the monkey. He extended his hand towards the monkey. No, I could see that in that one gesture in No, I could see that in that one gesture in No, I could see that in that one gesture in Something was communicated between the two. Something was communicated between the two. Something was communicated between the two. The entire body language of the monkey The entire body language of the monkey The entire body language of the monkey Suddenly it became very soft. His entire one Suddenly it became very soft. His entire one Suddenly it became very soft. His entire one It was a combat-like stance, but it disappeared on its own. It was a combat-like stance, but it disappeared on its own. It was a combat-like stance, but it disappeared on its own. It's like it happened. He saw the hesitation in their eyes. It's like it happened. He saw the hesitation in their eyes. It's like it happened. He saw the hesitation in their eyes. Took a step back. Then took two steps forward. Took a step back. Then took two steps forward. Took a step back. Then took two steps forward. Then I looked into his eyes again. your hand Then I looked into his eyes again. your hand Then I looked into his eyes again. your hand Slowly moved towards the cup. Tilt your head Slowly moved towards the cup. Tilt your head Slowly moved towards the cup. Tilt your head I did it and then slapped Tai ji. I did it and then slapped Tai ji. I did it and then slapped Tai ji. very hard slap very hard slap very hard slap He pulled Tai ji and hit her. Sea Guys The Moral He pulled Tai ji and hit her. Sea Guys The Moral He pulled Tai ji and hit her. Sea Guys The Moral of the story of the story of the story actually is actually is actually is No matter how true your love is No matter how true your love is No matter how true your love is Be Abundant If the Person in Front of You Is a Monkey Or about to make a fool of you about to make a fool of you about to make a fool of you or [praise] but I must tell you that this thing or [praise] but I must tell you that this thing or [praise] but I must tell you that this thing I did not make notes. Me too I did not make notes. Me too I did not make notes. Me too She was clapping like a savage. She was clapping like a savage. She was clapping like a savage. Guys let's not forget I was only at Guys let's not forget I was only at Guys let's not forget I was only at Years old. This was the highest point of Years old. This was the highest point of Years old. This was the highest point of My life and I wow oh my god. what are you looking at My life and I wow oh my god. what are you looking at My life and I wow oh my god. what are you looking at My eyes took it. I'm on Cartoon Network My eyes took it. I'm on Cartoon Network My eyes took it. I'm on Cartoon Network Where will he be able to show something like this? of my eye Where will he be able to show something like this? of my eye Where will he be able to show something like this? of my eye Tai ji got slapped in front of me. What Tai ji got slapped in front of me. What Tai ji got slapped in front of me. What Content Have I Quoted? I went and saw the world Content Have I Quoted? I went and saw the world Content Have I Quoted? I went and saw the world Sang it all over the next day. I said Tai Sang it all over the next day. I said Tai Sang it all over the next day. I said Tai penance Mom is throwing a party next week. Mom is throwing a party next week. Mom is throwing a party next week. Gave. Gave. Gave. From that day onwards I was under Taiji's curse. From that day onwards I was under Taiji's curse. From that day onwards I was under Taiji's curse. I am living. I am living. I am living. All my life, only monkeys have had tea. All my life, only monkeys have had tea. All my life, only monkeys have had tea. Keep feeding me, friend. Keep feeding me, friend. Keep feeding me, friend. Thank you so much guys. You be amazing. Thank you brother. I am I am very happy. Thank you so much. I am I am very happy. Thank you so much. I am I am very happy. Thank you so much. I put a lot of ask for a better proud for I put a lot of ask for a better proud for I put a lot of ask for a better proud for This recording. I am so happy for this. O Man [Appreciation] What?