This is a day in a life of tired This is a day in a life of tired This is a day in a life of tired disabled student in South Korea. disabled student in South Korea. disabled student in South Korea. >> Hi, I'm Jiyu. I drank a lot yesterday, >> Hi, I'm Jiyu. I drank a lot yesterday, >> Hi, I'm Jiyu. I drank a lot yesterday, so I woke up a bit late. Since I work as so I woke up a bit late. Since I work as so I woke up a bit late. Since I work as a content creator, I received a PR a content creator, I received a PR a content creator, I received a PR package for menstrual product to try package for menstrual product to try package for menstrual product to try out. Thank you, [screaming] Happy out. Thank you, [screaming] Happy out. Thank you, [screaming] Happy Monday. [cheering] Then I took a shower Monday. [cheering] Then I took a shower Monday. [cheering] Then I took a shower and did my skin care routine. and did my skin care routine. and did my skin care routine. I picked this blush because I'm wearing I picked this blush because I'm wearing I picked this blush because I'm wearing a red top today. I have to return all a red top today. I have to return all a red top today. I have to return all these books, so I carried them down and these books, so I carried them down and these books, so I carried them down and threw them in the trash bin. Just threw them in the trash bin. Just threw them in the trash bin. Just kidding, it's a book return box. Then I kidding, it's a book return box. Then I kidding, it's a book return box. Then I headed to the cafe to meet a friend headed to the cafe to meet a friend headed to the cafe to meet a friend [music] who was my TA back in America. [music] who was my TA back in America. [music] who was my TA back in America. After that, I took a bus back home. It After that, I took a bus back home. It After that, I took a bus back home. It was pretty unusual for me, but was pretty unusual for me, but was pretty unusual for me, but surprisingly, it was super accessible surprisingly, it was super accessible surprisingly, it was super accessible and the driver was so nice. I was and the driver was so nice. I was and the driver was so nice. I was planning to film in the library, but it planning to film in the library, but it planning to film in the library, but it was closed, so I just stayed at home was closed, so I just stayed at home was closed, so I just stayed at home instead. Lastly, I wrapped up my day instead. Lastly, I wrapped up my day instead. Lastly, I wrapped up my day doing an interview, and that was my day.