This masterpiece is incredibly This masterpiece is incredibly This masterpiece is incredibly underrated and has, in my opinion, one of the underrated and has, in my opinion, one of the underrated and has, in my opinion, one of the best manga endings ever.  Girls L best manga endings ever.  Girls L best manga endings ever.  Girls L Tour is a sci-fi survival manga about Tour is a sci-fi survival manga about Tour is a sci-fi survival manga about Chi and Judi.  These are Chi and Judi.  These are Chi and Judi.  These are probably two of the last remaining humans probably two of the last remaining humans probably two of the last remaining humans in a completely destroyed in a completely destroyed in a completely destroyed world.  And both now have a goal. world.  And both now have a goal. world.  And both now have a goal. Together with their Together with their Together with their Kettengrad, which is a cross between a Kettengrad, which is a cross between a Kettengrad, which is a cross between a motorcycle and a tank without a cannon barrel, they want to motorcycle and a tank without a cannon barrel, they want to motorcycle and a tank without a cannon barrel, they want to keep driving upwards, because keep driving upwards, because keep driving upwards, because this gigantic city consists of this gigantic city consists of this gigantic city consists of several levels and in order to survive several levels and in order to survive several levels and in order to survive they have to drive upwards now. they have to drive upwards now. they have to drive upwards now. But they don't know what's up there.   Of But they don't know what's up there.   Of course, the two of them have to take care of their supplies along the way, i.e., course, the two of them have to take care of their supplies along the way, i.e., course, the two of them have to take care of their supplies along the way, i.e., food, drink, and a reasonably warm place food, drink, and a reasonably warm place food, drink, and a reasonably warm place to sleep.  Here in Kettenkrat, for example, to sleep.  Here in Kettenkrat, for example, to sleep.  Here in Kettenkrat, for example, they also find weapons, they also find weapons, they also find weapons, ammunition, fuel, explosives to keep ammunition, fuel, explosives to keep ammunition, fuel, explosives to keep all the paths clear.  You're just all the paths clear.  You're just all the paths clear.  You're just holding a minigun.  The thing holding a minigun.  The thing holding a minigun.  The thing is, there are no crazy action sequences or is, there are no crazy action sequences or is, there are no crazy action sequences or boss fights.  It's just two boss fights.  It's just two boss fights.  It's just two girls riding their chain-driven bike through girls riding their chain-driven bike through girls riding their chain-driven bike through this destroyed world, this destroyed world, this destroyed world, discovering things that discovering things that discovering things that are completely normal for us, but which they are completely normal for us, but which they are completely normal for us, but which they sometimes don't understand at all.  And that's exactly what sometimes don't understand at all.  And that's exactly what sometimes don't understand at all.  And that's exactly what makes this manga so makes this manga so makes this manga so special.  They somehow stumble special.  They somehow stumble special.  They somehow stumble upon old machines, books, art music, upon old machines, books, art music, upon old machines, books, art music, and simply remnants of how and simply remnants of how and simply remnants of how people used to live.  And from this, people used to live.  And from this, people used to live.  And from this, small small small conversations about life, death, war, conversations about life, death, war, conversations about life, death, war, religion, memory, and the question of religion, memory, and the question of religion, memory, and the question of why we humans why we humans why we humans do certain things and what it actually means do certain things and what it actually means do certain things and what it actually means to live always arise.  The manga is really to live always arise.  The manga is really to live always arise.  The manga is really melancholic and depressing, and then five melancholic and depressing, and then five melancholic and depressing, and then five pages later you see the pages later you see the pages later you see the two of them bathing in a pipe, and they two of them bathing in a pipe, and they two of them bathing in a pipe, and they just fit just fit just fit together perfectly.  Chi is more the together perfectly.  Chi is more the together perfectly.  Chi is more the thoughtful, the clever one.  You is totally thoughtful, the clever one.  You is totally thoughtful, the clever one.  You is totally clueless and just doesn't get anything.  But clueless and just doesn't get anything.  But clueless and just doesn't get anything.  But both are incredibly curious and both are incredibly curious and both are incredibly curious and desperately want to know what's on the desperately want to know what's on the desperately want to know what's on the top level.  Warning, top level.  Warning, top level.  Warning, spoiler ahead.  They actually manage to spoiler ahead.  They actually manage to spoiler ahead.  They actually manage to reach the very top, and the ending that's reach the very top, and the ending that's reach the very top, and the ending that's told there told there told there completely blew me away. completely blew me away. completely blew me away. Having reached the top, the two have Having reached the top, the two have Having reached the top, the two have lost practically everything.  The Kettenkrad is gone, lost practically everything.  The Kettenkrad is gone, lost practically everything.  The Kettenkrad is gone, the supplies are exhausted, there is the supplies are exhausted, there is the supplies are exhausted, there is no way forward and both are no way forward and both are no way forward and both are completely hypothermic.  There's no completely hypothermic.  There's no completely hypothermic.  There's no last-minute rescue or anything like that now.   It last-minute rescue or anything like that now.   It last-minute rescue or anything like that now.   It really is just You and Shi sitting up there really is just You and Shi sitting up there really is just You and Shi sitting up there alone.  And now it gets quite alone.  And now it gets quite alone.  And now it gets quite interesting.  In the lower left corner we see the interesting.  In the lower left corner we see the interesting.  In the lower left corner we see the two helmets of the girls, and two helmets of the girls, and two helmets of the girls, and mysterious mysterious mysterious circular machine switch symbols are circular machine switch symbols are circular machine switch symbols are engraved in this rock formation.  Zukimi's later manga engraved in this rock formation.  Zukimi's later manga engraved in this rock formation.  Zukimi's later manga is called Shimeji Simulation and contains is called Shimeji Simulation and contains is called Shimeji Simulation and contains striking parallels to Girls L Tour. striking parallels to Girls L Tour. striking parallels to Girls L Tour. Two figures appear there, who are Two figures appear there, who are Two figures appear there, who are called the neighbors, and these called the neighbors, and these called the neighbors, and these two look exactly like Yudi and two look exactly like Yudi and two look exactly like Yudi and Shi, and these circular Shi, and these circular Shi, and these circular machine symbols also appear here again in machine symbols also appear here again in machine symbols also appear here again in exactly the same way.  There is a theory that exactly the same way.  There is a theory that exactly the same way.  There is a theory that the black block of stone could have been some kind of the black block of stone could have been some kind of the black block of stone could have been some kind of computing unit or interface computing unit or interface computing unit or interface that scanned You and Cheese's that scanned You and Cheese's that scanned You and Cheese's consciousness and then uploaded it into consciousness and then uploaded it into consciousness and then uploaded it into this digital world of the Shimeji this digital world of the Shimeji this digital world of the Shimeji simulation.  This means that simulation.  This means that simulation.  This means that Chi and You continue to live in this Chi and You continue to live in this Chi and You continue to live in this simulated world after death.  And in the afterword simulated world after death.  And in the afterword simulated world after death.  And in the afterword of volume 6 we see a double-page of volume 6 we see a double-page of volume 6 we see a double-page drawing of You and Shei in a drawing of You and Shei in a drawing of You and Shei in a wheat field.  They're wearing a kind of wheat field.  They're wearing a kind of wheat field.  They're wearing a kind of school uniform here, and this is exactly the school uniform here, and this is exactly the school uniform here, and this is exactly the same wheat field from the Shimeji same wheat field from the Shimeji same wheat field from the Shimeji simulation.  So, specifically, it's the simulation.  So, specifically, it's the simulation.  So, specifically, it's the place where these uploaded place where these uploaded place where these uploaded consciousnesses spawn.  Importantly consciousnesses spawn.  Importantly consciousnesses spawn.  Importantly , the Girls L Tour never confirms this.  You , the Girls L Tour never confirms this.  You , the Girls L Tour never confirms this.  You could also simply say that the two of them could also simply say that the two of them could also simply say that the two of them just couldn't just couldn't just couldn't make it up there anymore.  We don't know, guys. make it up there anymore.  We don't know, guys. make it up there anymore.  We don't know, guys. I laughed.  I was sad.  I I laughed.  I was sad.  I suddenly found myself thinking far too long about completely banal things, suddenly found myself thinking far too long about completely banal things, suddenly found myself thinking far too long about completely banal things, and I still ca and I still ca and I still ca n't get that ending out of my head, which is exactly n't get that ending out of my head, which is exactly n't get that ending out of my head, which is exactly why it's a masterpiece for me why it's a masterpiece for me why it's a masterpiece for me .  One thing is clear, it's .  One thing is clear, it's .  One thing is clear, it's definitely a Girls Lash Tour.  Yeah.