Today is Asha's birthday, how can we Today is Asha's birthday, how can we Today is Asha's birthday, how can we impress her by impress her by impress her by talking on a video call? talking on a video call? talking on a video call? What are you doing, Asha? What are you doing listening to us like this? What are you doing, Asha? What are you doing listening to us like this? What are you doing, Asha? What are you doing listening to us like this? Today is your birthday, or should we Today is your birthday, or should we Today is your birthday, or should we celebrate? When celebrate? When celebrate? When Jai's voice speaks, a ghost voice comes in. If you are Jai's voice speaks, a ghost voice comes in. If you are Jai's voice speaks, a ghost voice comes in. If you are happy for a while, don't be upset. What are you saying? happy for a while, don't be upset. What are you saying? happy for a while, don't be upset. What are you saying? Hello, what Hello, what Hello, what are you saying? Who are you talking about? Is are you saying? Who are you talking about? Is are you saying? Who are you talking about? Is that Mano Raja, stupid fellow? that Mano Raja, stupid fellow? that Mano Raja, stupid fellow? Okay, don't leave yet. Don't leave yet. Okay, don't leave yet. Don't leave yet. I told you to get an appointment with the doctor at four o'clock. I told you to get an appointment with the doctor at four o'clock. What did you forget in the morning? What did you forget in the morning? What did you forget in the morning? Otherwise, I work so hard at the office that I Otherwise, I work so hard at the office that I Otherwise, I work so hard at the office that I can't even go out for two hours.  Please can't even go out for two hours.  Please can't even go out for two hours.  Please understand, what are you doing? Go and get your mother. It's understand, what are you doing? Go and get your mother. It's been two years since our mother died. When we been two years since our mother died. When we been two years since our mother died. When we got home [laughter], it was got home [laughter], it was torn apart. It's been two years since your father died.  You may have gone with your father torn apart. It's been two years since your father died.  You may have gone with your father torn apart. It's been two years since your father died.  You may have gone with your father .  If you're in a hurry for a while, .  If you're in a hurry for a while, you'll disturb everything. you'll disturb everything. you'll disturb everything. Excuse me, sir. Excuse me, sir. Excuse me, sir. Hey, come in, Hey, come in, Hey, come in, sir.   You're sir.   You're sir.   You're already here, you stupid already here, you stupid already here, you stupid costin' idiots. costin' idiots. costin' idiots. Sir, you are very angry. Sir, you are very angry. Sir, you are very angry. Can you make a vibe call, sir?  No, Asha didn't call, Can you make a vibe call, sir?  No, Asha didn't call, Can you make a vibe call, sir?  No, Asha didn't call, sir. sir. sir. Okay, okay, okay, Okay, okay, okay, Okay, okay, okay, Asha Business, all of it, all of it, Asha Business, all of it, all of it, 50,000. 50,000. 50,000. I have put Asha Pearl in the middle. I have put Asha Pearl in the middle. I have put Asha Pearl in the middle. Big deposit, sir.   That's good, Big deposit, sir.   That's good, I'll send all the account details on WhatsApp.  This I'll send all the account details on WhatsApp.  This I'll send all the account details on WhatsApp.  This matter should not be revealed.  Because matter should not be revealed.  Because matter should not be revealed.  Because you are the manager of this office.  There are some you are the manager of this office.  There are some you are the manager of this office.  There are some things you can't do yourself, sir. things you can't do yourself, sir. things you can't do yourself, sir. Without that, you Without that, you Without that, you have an image of yourself in this office. have an image of yourself in this office. have an image of yourself in this office. Very good job, right now you go out. Very good job, right now you go out. Very good job, right now you go out. Okay, sir. Okay, sir. Okay, sir. You stand You stand You stand sir, you go sir, you go sir, you go sir. sir. sir. Hey you stand you go lie down, Hey you stand you go lie down, Hey you stand you go lie down, oh this spoken English guy is a complete idiot, he does oh this spoken English guy is a complete idiot, he does oh this spoken English guy is a complete idiot, he does n't want to work for a car company.  Who should I give this to, sir? n't want to work for a car company.  Who should I give this to, sir? n't want to work for a car company.  Who should I give this to, sir? Mind your words, Mr. Manio. Mind your words, Mr. Manio. Mind your words, Mr. Manio. Who should I give this to, sir? Who should I give this to, sir? Who should I give this to, sir? Sir, I should give it to Asha as a gift, but I don't want her to Sir, I should give it to Asha as a gift, but I don't want her to know about it.   They know about it.   They pay me a pittance for this kind of work. What's pay me a pittance for this kind of work. What's pay me a pittance for this kind of work. What's nothing sir? Asha has arrived sir. nothing sir? Asha has arrived sir. nothing sir? Asha has arrived sir. Smell smell Smell smell Smell smell perfume smell sir. perfume smell sir. perfume smell sir. You and You and You and I are full sir. I are full sir. I are full sir. Congratulations sir on the fulfillment of your good intentions Congratulations sir on the fulfillment of your good intentions Congratulations sir on the fulfillment of your good intentions . Hi Ashu, talk to me a little. Many more Hi Ashu, talk to me a little. Many more Hi Ashu, talk to me a little. Many more happy returns of the day, my dear. happy returns of the day, my dear. happy returns of the day, my dear. Thank you sir. Thank you sir. Thank you sir. Sir, won't you give me any gifts for my birthday? Sir, won't you give me any gifts for my birthday? Sir, won't you give me any gifts for my birthday? You'll have a surprise when you meet alone You'll have a surprise when you meet alone You'll have a surprise when you meet alone . . . Small or big?   No Small or big?   No Small or big?   No small price, no big price, please small price, no big price, please small price, no big price, please tell me right now, tell me right now, tell me right now, sir.  Look over there, sir.  Look over there, sir.  Look over there, sir.  Look here, sir.  Look here, sir.  Look here, sir, sir, sir, the lighting is good there.  Put on a the lighting is good there.  Put on a the lighting is good there.  Put on a headband, tie a flower and a bow, and headband, tie a flower and a bow, and headband, tie a flower and a bow, and go alone. go alone. go alone. Sorry, sir.  Who takes photos in my office without asking me and then posts them? I don't like that. It's strictly a Sorry, sir.  Who takes photos in my office without asking me and then posts them? I don't like that. It's strictly a profit-driven cut, profit-driven cut, profit-driven cut, sir. sir. sir. Why can't I even take a photo of you, sir Why can't I even take a photo of you, sir Why can't I even take a photo of you, sir ?  Won't you do this for me too ?  Won't you do this for me too ?  Won't you do this for me too ?  Go ahead, sir. ?  Go ahead, sir. ?  Go ahead, sir. Otherwise, I'll take the correct date on my cell phone and Otherwise, I'll take the correct date on my cell phone and post it myself at the correct time.  Okay?  Okay, okay, post it myself at the correct time.  Okay?  Okay, okay, post it myself at the correct time.  Okay?  Okay, okay, sir, okay, okay, okay, okay. sir, okay, okay, okay, okay. Can't you tell me anything clearly from the cake cake? Can't you tell me anything clearly from the cake cake? Can't you tell me anything clearly from the cake cake? He's the one who said it, sir.  Look, He's the one who said it, sir.  Look, He's the one who said it, sir.  Look, you're just like a girl, even a father. you're just like a girl, even a father. you're just like a girl, even a father. I will wear sandals.   I keep up with I will wear sandals.   I keep up with I will wear sandals.   I keep up with Dhoni's awesomeness.   Hold the Dhoni's awesomeness.   Hold the Dhoni's awesomeness.   Hold the bow darling. bow darling. bow darling. Sir, I can't fit a photo in there. Sir, I can't fit a photo in there. What do you want, sir? What do you want, sir? What do you want, sir? Take a photo.   I'll take it Take a photo.   I'll take it Take a photo.   I'll take it .  [Clearing throat] .  [Clearing throat] .  [Clearing throat] Hey, isn't the light clean?  Hey, just relax Hey, isn't the light clean?  Hey, just relax Hey, isn't the light clean?  Hey, just relax .  It's hard to drink light beer .  It's hard to drink light beer .  It's hard to drink light beer . . . Everyone, say cheese. Everyone, say cheese. Everyone, say cheese. Sir, cut the cake here, sir, cut the cake here, Sir, cut the cake here, sir, cut the cake here, Sir, cut the cake here, sir, cut the cake here, Asha, add [Applause] Asha, you sir, add, sir, Asha, add [Applause] Asha, you sir, add, sir, Asha, add [Applause] Asha, you sir, add, sir, kiss Asha like that, sir, kiss Asha like that, sir, kiss Asha like that, sir, Flo, tell me what you always do, Flo, tell me what you always do, Flo, tell me what you always do, sir, stop the garden, turn off the lights, sir, stop the garden, turn off the lights, now it's rude, just now it's rude, just now it's rude, just stay like that, sir, what are you doing, sir, do you want to ask me stay like that, sir, what are you doing, sir, do you want to ask me something, ask me, something, ask me, something, ask me, why are you posting, why are you posting, why are you posting, why are you posting, why are you shouting, please why are you shouting, please why are you shouting, please One dance, gold, birthday One dance, gold, birthday One dance, gold, birthday celebration with my darling, celebration with my darling, celebration with my darling, Asha, tag Asha, tag Asha, tag Asha too, post it [ Scream] Baby, do you have a bad story, perform it Scream] Baby, do you have a bad story, perform it Scream] Baby, do you have a bad story, perform it correctly, correctly, correctly, hey, you bastard, Royapuram, Savakar, Petta, let's hey, you bastard, Royapuram, Savakar, Petta, let's hey, you bastard, Royapuram, Savakar, Petta, let's take it like that, now watch, take it like that, now watch, take it like that, now watch, Namaste, interview, Namaste, interview, Namaste, interview, Namaste, interview, kirtana, Vasudevan, sadam, Namaste, interview, kirtana, Vasudevan, sadam, Malaysia, Vasudevan, sado, Malaysia, Vasudevan, sado, Malaysia, Vasudevan, sado, kirtana, Vasudevan, kirtana  Vasudevan kirtana, Vasudevan, kirtana  Vasudevan kirtana, Vasudevan, kirtana  Vasudevan mam abi meeting me pisto nothing understand actually sir is nothing understand actually sir is nothing understand actually sir is from a national party to from a national party to from a national party to join that [clears throat] join that [clears throat] join that [clears throat] madam they were giving me a missed call madam they were giving me a missed call madam they were giving me a missed call sir came from Delhi to see them sir came from Delhi to see them sir came from Delhi to see them yaya yaya yaya damatolaya traveling tired one second damatolaya traveling tired one second damatolaya traveling tired one second sir sir sir hey bhavach serialma toppal kodi vaa hey bhavach serialma toppal kodi vaa hey bhavach serialma toppal kodi vaa moodudi hey moodudi hey moodudi hey this is how India speaks India have this is how India speaks India have this is how India speaks India have mfram delhi to meet you mam mfram delhi to meet you mam mfram delhi to meet you mam fromm delhi yes fromm delhi yes fromm delhi yes mam ok give mam ok give mam ok give the phone to the mam sir the phone to the mam sir the phone to the mam sir mam the line mam the line mam the line hello i am manohar speaking hello i am manohar speaking hello i am manohar speaking manohar which manohar manohar which manohar manohar which manohar manohar that signal accident manohar that signal accident manohar that signal accident oh you what do you want oh you what do you want oh you what do you want no i have something important to no i have something important to no i have something important to talk to you. talk to you. talk to you. Do you have five minutes free?   I'm not a Do you have five minutes free?   I'm not a Do you have five minutes free?   I'm not a full-fledged [clearing throat] I'm just a full-fledged [clearing throat] I'm just a full-fledged [clearing throat] I'm just a Freya.  But Freya.  But Freya.  But I don't want to see you.  [Music] I don't want to see you.  [Music] I don't want to see you.  [Music] And one more thing, office right now And one more thing, office right now And one more thing, office right now What, baby, won't she come here herself? What, baby, won't she come here herself? What, baby, won't she come here herself? Get out of my office, sir. Get out of my office, sir. Get out of my office, sir. So, don't go out, you So, don't go out, you So, don't go out, you idiots.   We can't do our idiots.   We can't do our idiots.   We can't do our job in a place where there is no respect job in a place where there is no respect job in a place where there is no respect . . Why are you all a friend?   I think Why are you all a friend?   I think Why are you all a friend?   I think my friend Peeraja was the only one in this place my friend Peeraja was the only one in this place my friend Peeraja was the only one in this place .  Did you know that Masa had an idea and .  Did you know that Masa had an idea and .  Did you know that Masa had an idea and wanted to meet her wanted to meet her wanted to meet her ?   I don't have any ?   I don't have any work to do with him, what kind of work is Gabbar?   What do you want work to do with him, what kind of work is Gabbar?   What do you want work to do with him, what kind of work is Gabbar?   What do you want to talk to that girl about now? That's right. to talk to that girl about now? That's right. to talk to that girl about now? That's right. Dhamma bi raja ki raja meenamma dilwale dunia bolaya tanya aach Dhamma bi raja ki raja meenamma dilwale dunia bolaya tanya aach aa aya anna nannam aa aya anna nannam aa aya anna nannam Sir, my age is Sir, my age is Sir, my age is okay, I have gone and played you very badly, sir, that's okay, I have gone and played you very badly, sir, that's true, sir, I have no forgiveness, sir, no forgiveness [laughter] What, I started crying, tell me not to cry, sir, he is a child, sir, no, I am really crying, see true, sir, I have no forgiveness, sir, no forgiveness [laughter] What, I started crying, tell me not to cry, sir, he is a child, sir, no, I am really crying, see true, sir, I have no forgiveness, sir, no forgiveness [laughter] What, I started crying, tell me not to cry, sir, he is a child, sir, no, I am really crying, see [laughter] Is he [laughter] Is he [laughter] Is he crying, crying, crying, sir, tell me I have forgotten everything, let's sir, tell me I have forgotten everything, let's sir, tell me I have forgotten everything, let's stop crying, tell me stop crying, tell me stop crying, tell me everything, tell me, everything, tell me, everything, tell me, no, I have forgotten everything, no, I have forgotten everything, no, I have forgotten everything, what is your name, sir, what is your name, sir, what is your name, sir, Lakshmana Lakshmana Lakshmana Nipathi, don't forget anything, forget Nipathi, don't forget anything, forget Nipathi, don't forget anything, forget everything that happened, don't everything that happened, don't everything that happened, don't cry, cry, cry, sir, when I sir, when I sir, when I see you, do you look see you, do you look see you, do you look like my father? like my father? like my father? No, sir, he's like my little brother No, sir, he's like my little brother No, sir, he's like my little brother . . Is the younger brother like the younger sister? Is the younger brother like the younger sister? Is the younger brother like the younger sister? What's wrong?   You've got a fly in your What's wrong?   You've got a fly in your What's wrong?   You've got a fly in your nose, nose, nose, shouldn't you go? shouldn't you go? shouldn't you go? You're the one who got the fly, You're the one who got the fly, You're the one who got the fly, little brother. What's the matter? I'll have to little brother. What's the matter? I'll have to go upstairs and make you apologize right away.   Let's go upstairs and make you apologize right away.   Let's go upstairs and make you apologize right away.   Let's see those. see those. see those. They are sitting in the office, mad.   Don't They are sitting in the office, mad.   Don't They are sitting in the office, mad.   Don't talk nonsense, you've seen what's going on.   The earth is you've seen what's going on.   The earth is you've seen what's going on.   The earth is hurting hurting [Music] Hey, what's happening, sir? You're the one who drowned in your own tears. You sir? You're the one who drowned in your own tears. You sir? You're the one who drowned in your own tears. You called and told me, sir. called and told me, sir. called and told me, sir. It's better to see in my face. The bugs It's better to see in my face. The bugs It's better to see in my face. The bugs are about the same. are about the same. are about the same. What, you're like driving a flat tire on a lorry, didn't you What, you're like driving a flat tire on a lorry, didn't you What, you're like driving a flat tire on a lorry, didn't you take a proper shower in the morning? take a proper shower in the morning? take a proper shower in the morning? Look at the nettle, it's dripping with soap Look at the nettle, it's dripping with soap Look at the nettle, it's dripping with soap . . . No, that's a child's diaper.   Did you No, that's a child's diaper.   Did you No, that's a child's diaper.   Did you throw it there because you were drunk?   Don't deviate from the topic throw it there because you were drunk?   Don't deviate from the topic throw it there because you were drunk?   Don't deviate from the topic .  Who asked you to post a photo of Asha's birthday on .  Who asked you to post a photo of Asha's birthday on .  Who asked you to post a photo of Asha's birthday on my cell phone without my cell phone without my cell phone without asking asking asking ? ? ? Sir, we asked you to do this. Sir, we asked you to do this. Sir, we asked you to do this. When you were asking Asha to help you, When you were asking Asha to help you, When you were asking Asha to help you, Asha was asking you to help her. When you were asking Asha to help you, Mano also asked, "Why don't you tell me Asha was asking you to help her. When you were asking Asha to help you, Mano also asked, "Why don't you tell me ?" ?" ?" Why are you shouting? I Why are you shouting? I thought you were asking where I would put the money. thought you were asking where I would put the money. thought you were asking where I would put the money. Where did we put the money? Where did we put the money? Where did we put the money? Don't know how to say Facebook? Don't know how to say Facebook? Can't you tell me about my big deposit? Can't you tell me about my big deposit? Can't you tell me about my big deposit? Oh, Oh, Oh, okay, sir.  What's wrong with that now? Is there a okay, sir.  What's wrong with that now? Is there a okay, sir.  What's wrong with that now? Is there a problem? problem? problem? What's the problem, What's the problem, What's the problem, hey Gunduway, are you looking very sexy today? Already ready to hey Gunduway, are you looking very sexy today? Already ready to hey Gunduway, are you looking very sexy today? Already ready to play? You want one more? play? You want one more? play? You want one more? Finish dinner, I'm ready. Finish dinner, I'm ready. Finish dinner, I'm ready. I've got all the news. I've got all the news. I've got all the news. Asha Bardhat knew.  What happened in the office, you know that, Asha Bardhat knew.  What happened in the office, you know that, Asha Bardhat knew.  What happened in the office, you know that, Asha, she is very cute but very pretty. Asha, she is very cute but very pretty. Today is her birthday. I Today is her birthday. I Today is her birthday. I went and went and went and ordered a strawberry cake in the size of an order and cut it for her. ordered a strawberry cake in the size of an order and cut it for her. ordered a strawberry cake in the size of an order and cut it for her. Amba took it. Did I take it? If that's all that happened, nothing Amba took it. Did I take it? If that's all that happened, nothing else will happen. Do you else will happen. Do you else will happen. Do you know about the selfie matter? know about the selfie matter? know about the selfie matter? I also wanted to take a selfie for that Kulfi I also wanted to take a selfie for that Kulfi I also wanted to take a selfie for that Kulfi .  Then .  Then .  Then I took seven or eight photos of this crazy guy.  Look at that, he left without I took seven or eight photos of this crazy guy.  Look at that, he left without I took seven or eight photos of this crazy guy.  Look at that, he left without asking me asking me asking me .  When will we correct the fear of the devil?   Is .  When will we correct the fear of the devil?   Is .  When will we correct the fear of the devil?   Is that all that happened?  Nothing else is that all that happened?  Nothing else is that all that happened?  Nothing else is happening? happening? I asked if he didn't go inside at all, or if that's all that happened, nothing else happened. I asked if he didn't go inside at all, or if that's all that happened, nothing else happened. Asha, who always laughs and talks like a good joker, is always joking around Asha, who always laughs and talks like a good joker, is always joking around Asha, who always laughs and talks like a good joker, is always joking around .  Without thinking, I .  Without thinking, I .  Without thinking, I deposited ₹50,000 in his name. deposited ₹50,000 in his name. deposited ₹50,000 in his name. How about 50,000 or not?   I had How about 50,000 or not?   I had How about 50,000 or not?   I had that in my account. that in my account. that in my account. You know everything about me. You know everything about me. You know everything about me. Nanathan Pola Sa Nanathan Pola Sa Nanathan Pola Sa [laughter] Ready, your time starts now. Ready, I've been [laughter] Ready, your time starts now. Ready, I've been wanting to get this guy for a long time, darling.  S Come On, why are you wanting to get this guy for a long time, darling.  S Come On, why are you acting like a high school boy? Why are you acting like a high school boy? Why are you acting like a high school boy? Why are you acting like an elementary school boy? The answer is no. I ca acting like an elementary school boy? The answer is no. I ca acting like an elementary school boy? The answer is no. I ca n't say.  You won't let me tell you, sir, what is n't say.  You won't let me tell you, sir, what is n't say.  You won't let me tell you, sir, what is honesty? Are you honesty? Are you honesty? Are you calling the bank to tell me to go back to the kitchen? calling the bank to tell me to go back to the kitchen? calling the bank to tell me to go back to the kitchen? No, darling, that Kumkuma serial, No, darling, that Kumkuma serial, No, darling, that Kumkuma serial, Soumya. Soumya. Soumya. Hello Soumya, I Hello Soumya, I was in a meeting with someone here about your work.   It's a was in a meeting with someone here about your work.   It's a was in a meeting with someone here about your work.   It's a work matter, so it'll be work matter, so it'll be work matter, so it'll be ready in a week or so.  Okay, ready in a week or so.  Okay, ready in a week or so.  Okay, Mano, I don't need all this, I've already Mano, I don't need all this, I've already Mano, I don't need all this, I've already committed to another big series.   I committed to another big series.   I called just to say that I have a better salary than this.  It's all because of you. It's okay, it's lost. called just to say that I have a better salary than this.  It's all because of you. It's okay, it's lost. What's the point of calling your ex-boyfriend What's the point of calling your ex-boyfriend What's the point of calling your ex-boyfriend Kirtan and making fun of him? You're a Kirtan and making fun of him? You're a Kirtan and making fun of him? You're a joker. We joker. We talked for a long time after we met and told him everything.  They also talked for a long time after we met and told him everything.  They also talked for a long time after we met and told him everything.  They also forgot all about the fruits and forgot all about the fruits and forgot all about the fruits and said all the best. You also met Kirtana madam and said all the best. You also met Kirtana madam and said all the best. You also met Kirtana madam and asked for her help. Why is it that asked for her help. Why is it that asked for her help. Why is it that you don't have any problems? It's for your own you don't have any problems? It's for your own you don't have any problems? It's for your own good, good, good, Soumya madam. The root has become clear for you. Don't just drink Soumya madam. The root has become clear for you. Don't just drink Soumya madam. The root has become clear for you. Don't just drink it and go away. You should it and go away. You should do this free advice like the umbilical cord is removed. Then your shooting will have to come back do this free advice like the umbilical cord is removed. Then your shooting will have to come back do this free advice like the umbilical cord is removed. Then your shooting will have to come back . . . No, Mano sir, No, Mano sir, No, Mano sir, what's wrong with that Kirtan, she what's wrong with that Kirtan, she what's wrong with that Kirtan, she won't ask for your help? Should I go and won't ask for your help? Should I go and won't ask for your help? Should I go and ask her for help? I think that's right too. ask her for help? I think that's right too. ask her for help? I think that's right too. Darling, what's the matter Darling, what's the matter Darling, what's the matter with that Kirtan, with that Kirtan, with that Kirtan, why are you so scared to death? why are you so scared to death? why are you so scared to death? What will she do? What will she do? What will she do? What will she do? What will she do? What will she do? Manu, Manu, Manu, Manu, Manu, Manu, where are you? Is there something wrong here? where are you? Is there something wrong here? where are you? Is there something wrong here? Hey, how arrogant is that Kirtana girl? Hey, how arrogant is that Kirtana girl? Hey, how arrogant is that Kirtana girl? You didn't apologize to your mother in time. You You didn't apologize to your mother in time. You You didn't apologize to your mother in time. You told your mother everything. told your mother everything. told your mother everything. That's important. Will you tell me? That's important. Will you tell me? You sent a notice from the court for Rs. 1 lakh for damages. Hey, You sent a notice from the court for Rs. 1 lakh for damages. Hey, You sent a notice from the court for Rs. 1 lakh for damages. Hey, your manager asked Kutthalanjar for your manager asked Kutthalanjar for your manager asked Kutthalanjar for Rs. 1 lakh. Mom, he asked his mother for Rs. Rs. 1 lakh. Mom, he asked his mother for Rs. 1 lakh. He didn't talk to her for 10 days because he was drinking tea. 1 lakh. He didn't talk to her for 10 days because he was drinking tea. 1 lakh. He didn't talk to her for 10 days because he was drinking tea. Mom, what is the name of your accountant Mom, what is the name of your accountant Mom, what is the name of your accountant ? ? ? Now, what's wrong with that? Now, what's wrong with that? Now, what's wrong with that? Tell me, okay? Tell me, okay? Tell me, okay? Kumaraswamy played the flute. Kumaraswamy played the flute. I thought about it when your account was wrong.  Is it 10 lakhs, 1 crore, 1 crore, a million, or I thought about it when your account was wrong.  Is it 10 lakhs, 1 crore, 1 crore, a million, or I thought about it when your account was wrong.  Is it 10 lakhs, 1 crore, 1 crore, a million, or a million? a million? a million? Both people were shocked at the same time, but Both people were shocked at the same time, but Both people were shocked at the same time, but will the problem be solved? will the problem be solved? will the problem be solved? Hey, our house is worth a crore rupees Hey, our house is worth a crore rupees Hey, our house is worth a crore rupees .   We should .   We should .   We should ask if it is our house's honor. ask if it is our house's honor. ask if it is our house's honor. Oh Lord Muruga, let the local boy, Sellur Oh Lord Muruga, let the local boy, Sellur Oh Lord Muruga, let the local boy, Sellur Raman, speak.  Why are you Raman, speak.  Why are you Raman, speak.  Why are you talking irrelevantly now?  Are talking irrelevantly now?  Are talking irrelevantly now?  Are you talking about that, Raja?  Do you want you talking about that, Raja?  Do you want you talking about that, Raja?  Do you want this problem solved or not?  I this problem solved or not?  I this problem solved or not?  I left you. Promise left you. Promise left you. Promise your mother that you won't interfere in that Kirtan matter anymore your mother that you won't interfere in that Kirtan matter anymore your mother that you won't interfere in that Kirtan matter anymore .  Stop, stop, .  Stop, stop, .  Stop, stop, show me that hand for a minute. I thought.  Don't swear I thought.  Don't swear I thought.  Don't swear like a little boy who can't stand to be crossed, like a little boy who can't stand to be crossed, like a little boy who can't stand to be crossed, swear like a grown man.   If swear like a grown man.   If swear like a grown man.   If Mom did it, Mom did it, Mom did it, who would be the lawyer? who would be the lawyer? who would be the lawyer? Mr. Arjun Reddy. Mr. Arjun Reddy. Mr. Arjun Reddy. The name itself is a myth, but the The name itself is a myth, but the The name itself is a myth, but the person is even more so. Hi, Asthala Reddy, Hi, Asthala Reddy, Hi, Asthala Reddy, brother, I'll give you brother, I'll give you brother, I'll give you two teas. two teas. two teas. You've come in an ambulance. You've come in an ambulance. You've come in an ambulance. Our Reddy is not Our Reddy is not Our Reddy is not Reddy. My husband Reddy. My husband Reddy. My husband Prakash Reddy, Prakash Reddy, Prakash Reddy, I was just talking about that case. It's a little I was just talking about that case. It's a little I was just talking about that case. It's a little late. What can we do? The car has another puncture. If he's late. What can we do? The car has another puncture. If he's going to the ambulance tomorrow, going to the ambulance tomorrow, going to the ambulance tomorrow, wherever he's going, wherever he's going, wherever he's going, take my ambulance and take him there. He take my ambulance and take him there. He take my ambulance and take him there. He said in Telugu.  Oh, said in Telugu.  Oh, said in Telugu.  Oh, that's why I came to get an ambulance. that's why I came to get an ambulance. that's why I came to get an ambulance. This is my This is my This is my brother's case. brother's case. brother's case. Brother, there is no case. Brother, Brother, there is no case. Brother, Brother, there is no case. Brother, I told you, didn't I? I told you, didn't I? I told you, didn't I? Hello, friend, don't worry about anything Hello, friend, don't worry about anything Hello, friend, don't worry about anything . We can win this case.  You go and . We can win this case.  You go and . We can win this case.  You go and organize the success party, organize the success party, organize the success party, I'll go and wait for Paduva.   When I'll go and wait for Paduva.   When I'll go and wait for Paduva.   When the hearing comes, I'm going to go and see him the hearing comes, I'm going to go and see him the hearing comes, I'm going to go and see him .  Who is that Judge .  Who is that Judge .  Who is that Judge Padmanabha, saying that? Padmanabha, saying that? Padmanabha, saying that? Janjaya Nighne is saying something.   I was Janjaya Nighne is saying something.   I was Janjaya Nighne is saying something.   I was so shocked by this, I just stood there and so shocked by this, I just stood there and laughed as I sang Arjun Reddy's dance. laughed as I sang Arjun Reddy's dance. laughed as I sang Arjun Reddy's dance. Anna, all the best, Anna, all the best, Anna, all the best, Mom. This is what we said at home. Mom. This is what we said at home. Mom. This is what we said at home. As soon as I get a job, I'll buy myself a new tape As soon as I get a job, I'll buy myself a new tape As soon as I get a job, I'll buy myself a new tape .  Are .  Are .  Are there any new serials coming out on Sun Next? I'll watch them again. there any new serials coming out on Sun Next? I'll watch them again. Don't forget the tape, Don't forget the tape, Don't forget the tape, Mom, Dad. Mom, Dad. Mom, Dad. Hey Jasha Asmin, Hey Jasha Asmin, Hey Jasha Asmin, Hey Mano Hey Mano Hey Mano Asha Jasmine. Asha Jasmine. Asha Jasmine. What a surprise. What a surprise. What a surprise. How did you How did you How did you come to this situation?  Hey, come to this situation?  Hey, come to this situation?  Hey, how are you doing?   I how are you doing?   I came to see HR Manager Balaji.  Interview. came to see HR Manager Balaji.  Interview. came to see HR Manager Balaji.  Interview. Okay go straight first cabin all the Okay go straight first cabin all the Okay go straight first cabin all the best mano. best mano. best mano. Asha, this scoundrel, even the king, will Asha, this scoundrel, even the king, will Asha, this scoundrel, even the king, will not pick up the phone.  You not pick up the phone.  You not pick up the phone.  You talked to him about something. talked to him about something. I cut both of them off from Don't Talk About It. I cut both of them off from Don't Talk About It. I cut both of them off from Don't Talk About It. That scythe is also very cheap. That scythe is also very cheap. That scythe is also very cheap. Why did he misbehave? Why did he misbehave? Why did he misbehave? I thought.  This stew is I thought.  This stew is I thought.  This stew is made with tomatoes.  What did he do?   How did you made with tomatoes.  What did he do?   How did you spend 50,000 on my birthday?   He spend 50,000 on my birthday?   He spend 50,000 on my birthday?   He asks it again.  I see no conscience asks it again.  I see no conscience asks it again.  I see no conscience .  Bloody Heartless Bellow. .  Bloody Heartless Bellow. .  Bloody Heartless Bellow. I've been very disturbed ever since. I've been very disturbed ever since. I've been very disturbed ever since. Oh, Oh, Oh, I called you many times, but I called you many times, but I called you many times, but you're the one who picks up [laughter]. No, you're the one who picks up [laughter]. No, you're the one who picks up [laughter]. No, I'll come and talk to you after the interview I'll come and talk to you after the interview I'll come and talk to you after the interview .   Are .   Are .   Are you coming to Nightwalk?   I won't come, I'm you coming to Nightwalk?   I won't come, I'm you coming to Nightwalk?   I won't come, I'm going home.  Oh, what is the HR department doing here? Don't scold me, whatever I department doing here? Don't scold me, whatever I department doing here? Don't scold me, whatever I ask. ask. ask. Om Shakti [shouting] Om Shakti [shouting] Om Shakti [shouting] This is not Sami, our councilor, This is not Sami, our councilor, This is not Sami, our councilor, Vadakatthi Ramasamy. Vadakatthi Ramasamy. Vadakatthi Ramasamy. Maruvathur himself Maruvathur himself Maruvathur himself knows that he doesn't lie, so knows that he doesn't lie, so knows that he doesn't lie, so why did Mike Om Shakti why did Mike Om Shakti why did Mike Om Shakti get fired from his job? I've get fired from his job? I've get fired from his job? I've come for an interview.  Why did you leave your job, Om come for an interview.  Why did you leave your job, Om come for an interview.  Why did you leave your job, Om Shakti? Om Shakti? I didn't leave my job. Shakti, Shakti? Om Shakti? I didn't leave my job. Shakti, Shakti? Om Shakti? I didn't leave my job. Shakti, why did you leave your job? Shakti. why did you leave your job? Shakti. why did you leave your job? Shakti. Mr. P. Raja Mr. P. Raja Mr. P. Raja present, Madam.   Is present, Madam.   Is present, Madam.   Is Manu a close friend to you?   Not Manu a close friend to you?   Not Manu a close friend to you?   Not only is your friend, only is your friend, only is your friend, but you are also but you are also but you are also terminated.  I'm the Terminator, get out, terminated.  I'm the Terminator, get out, Om Shakti, Om Shakti, Om Shakti, how much sacrifices I've made for myself, if there was a how much sacrifices I've made for myself, if there was a how much sacrifices I've made for myself, if there was a next life, next life, next life, I'd have to take it as a hero, and you'd have to I'd have to take it as a hero, and you'd have to I'd have to take it as a hero, and you'd have to take it as a hero, Brenda.  Only then will take it as a hero, Brenda.  Only then will take it as a hero, Brenda.  Only then will you understand my difficulty. you understand my difficulty. you understand my difficulty. Hey, I already had a hero friend, so Hey, I already had a hero friend, so Hey, I already had a hero friend, so you just wanted to you just wanted to you just wanted to be comfortable with that.  I be comfortable with that.  I went to this interview straight away and looked for the HR manager's room and said, "Is it okay for went to this interview straight away and looked for the HR manager's room and said, "Is it okay for us to bribe the night manager?" When I got to the manager's room, my friend Raja said, "Okay, he got the job my friend Raja said, "Okay, he got the job my friend Raja said, "Okay, he got the job ."  You're not even my friend, ."  You're not even my friend, ."  You're not even my friend, sir. sir. sir. Why did you lose your job, sir? Why did you lose your job, sir? Why did you lose your job, sir? Why you are a dismissed by my boy Mr. Why you are a dismissed by my boy Mr. Why you are a dismissed by my boy Mr. Mano in this company come on tell Mano in this company come on tell Mano in this company come on tell me. me. me. i won't give you asingagle reason you i won't give you asingagle reason you i won't give you asingagle reason you know why because im terminating you know why because im terminating you know why because im terminating you also.  What the hell is going on? Get out also.  What the hell is going on? Get out also.  What the hell is going on? Get out . . . Oh my God it's a medical miracle Oh my God it's a medical miracle Oh my God it's a medical miracle first of all go to Banishtha interview another first of all go to Banishtha interview another first of all go to Banishtha interview another we will not we will not speak English like actual speak English like actual speak English like actual lunch morning dinner lunch morning dinner lunch morning dinner sir I have requested this Asha Edisli nibody sir I have requested this Asha Edisli nibody sir I have requested this Asha Edisli nibody sir is hiding outside sir sir sir is it like he went sir is hiding outside sir sir sir is it like he went somewhere to close the door come on me like a lot somewhere to close the door come on me like a lot somewhere to close the door come on me like a lot wherever he wherever he wherever he comes to us think. comes to us think. comes to us think. He won't leave if you say it out loud He won't leave if you say it out loud He won't leave if you say it out loud .  Why don't you try the Mind Voice .  Why don't you try the Mind Voice .  Why don't you try the Mind Voice Slam, the money you put in and Slam, the money you put in and Slam, the money you put in and the note you used to vote are not there? Is there the note you used to vote are not there? Is there the note you used to vote are not there? Is there something wrong with your body?   No matter something wrong with your body?   No matter something wrong with your body?   No matter how much you complain, I'll tell you how much you complain, I'll tell you how much you complain, I'll tell you . . . There is no history of whether he returned.  Why did There is no history of whether he returned.  Why did There is no history of whether he returned.  Why did you ask for the 50,000 that Asha stole back, sir? you ask for the 50,000 that Asha stole back, sir? you ask for the 50,000 that Asha stole back, sir? No, she's been getting No, she's been getting No, she's been getting hit by my mother-in-law's dick every day without doing anything hit by my mother-in-law's dick every day without doing anything hit by my mother-in-law's dick every day without doing anything .  That's why Asha asked me to .  That's why Asha asked me to .  That's why Asha asked me to buy the 50,000 rupees that I gave her. Don't buy the 50,000 rupees that I gave her. Don't buy the 50,000 rupees that I gave her. Don't talk loudly, Asha. Let's listen.  Asha talk loudly, Asha. Let's listen.  Asha talk loudly, Asha. Let's listen.  Asha [clearing throat] Is she here? [clearing throat] Is she here? Look, he's talking to token number seven.  Then we'll Look, he's talking to token number seven.  Then we'll Look, he's talking to token number seven.  Then we'll ask her herself.   Let's not ask her herself.   Let's not ask her herself.   Let's not talk about that big place anymore talk about that big place anymore talk about that big place anymore .  Everyone who takes selfies should be careful .  Everyone who takes selfies should be careful .  Everyone who takes selfies should be careful .  Come .  Come .  Come here, please.  That's why you keep keeping the house, doesn't here, please.  That's why you keep keeping the house, doesn't Kalbrit know? Can you just leave it alone Kalbrit know? Can you just leave it alone Kalbrit know? Can you just leave it alone ?   Can you please tell me, ?   Can you please tell me, ?   Can you please tell me, sir? What are you talking about with Sami like this? sir? What are you talking about with Sami like this? Hey, I asked if you two could put in some paper. You've got a Hey, I asked if you two could put in some paper. You've got a Hey, I asked if you two could put in some paper. You've got a good job good job good job .  Then why don't you .  Then why don't you .  Then why don't you go to the streets and post papers? go to the streets and post papers? go to the streets and post papers? We are going to give the Rishi Ganesan We are going to give the Rishi Ganesan We are going to give the Rishi Ganesan letter. letter. letter. Why should I give a letter to Susi Ganesan? Why should I give a letter to Susi Ganesan? Why should I give a letter to Susi Ganesan? That's Ramanuja's fault.  Is it a resignation That's Ramanuja's fault.  Is it a resignation That's Ramanuja's fault.  Is it a resignation letter? letter? letter? Why? Why? What did I do because of you? What did I do because of you? What did I do because of you? Then you come and work, how can Then you come and work, how can Then you come and work, how can she know, and then this she know, and then this she know, and then this company will come and buy the lamp? company will come and buy the lamp? company will come and buy the lamp? Then, Then, Then, Anuchiruva beat the three ghosts with his shoe and left.  In the meantime, Anuchiruva beat the three ghosts with his shoe and left.  In the meantime, Anuchiruva beat the three ghosts with his shoe and left.  In the meantime, we respectfully quit our jobs and went out, we respectfully quit our jobs and went out, we respectfully quit our jobs and went out, boys.   I swear boys.   I swear boys.   I swear on this samosa you bought me on this samosa you bought me on this samosa you bought me .  All the problems she and I had were solved .  All the problems she and I had were solved .  The finish was .  The finish was .  The finish was super darling, but now I've decided to make super darling, but now I've decided to make super darling, but now I've decided to make love just because she hates me love just because she hates me love just because she hates me .   The sandals are conformable .   The sandals are conformable .   The sandals are conformable . . . Why don't we go and herd cows in disguise Why don't we go and herd cows in disguise Why don't we go and herd cows in disguise ?  If you leave this, ?  If you leave this, there's a chance you'll find out that you'll do the same.  Shall we go to North India without talking and there's a chance you'll find out that you'll do the same.  Shall we go to North India without talking and there's a chance you'll find out that you'll do the same.  Shall we go to North India without talking and join the Indian subcontinent? join the Indian subcontinent? join the Indian subcontinent? What is he thinking? What is he thinking? What is he thinking? Oh my gosh, gosh, gosh, I'm just having a one- Oh my gosh, gosh, gosh, I'm just having a one- Oh my gosh, gosh, gosh, I'm just having a one- sided love affair. sided love affair. sided love affair. Front side or back side? Front side or back side? Front side or back side? Om Shakti Om Shakti. Om Shakti Om Shakti. Om Shakti Om Shakti. Yes, is there a chance he will fall in love with her?   There's Yes, is there a chance he will fall in love with her?   There's no way he's going to call them.  This is where our love comes no way he's going to call them.  This is where our love comes no way he's going to call them.  This is where our love comes out. out. out. I said something that was not said, " I said something that was not said, " I said something that was not said, " What's wrong with you?" What's wrong with you?" What's wrong with you?" Dora Bhujji sir is coming. Dora Bhujji sir is coming. Dora Bhujji sir is coming. Who is this Dora Phujji? She is Who is this Dora Phujji? She is Who is this Dora Phujji? She is my favorite person to go to. my favorite person to go to. my favorite person to go to. Dora Phujji, the Dora Phujji, the Dora Phujji, the noise here is very loud. I will noise here is very loud. I will noise here is very loud. I will come over and talk to her. come over and talk to her. come over and talk to her. Now he's going to say "Who's that?"   The Now he's going to say "Who's that?"   The Now he's going to say "Who's that?"   The dog itself would have told you both, dog itself would have told you both, sir, sir, stop I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, Aussie Goose, get off, get off, get off, get off, get off, they're going to Aussie Goose, get off, get off, get off, get off, get off, they're going to Aussie Goose, get off, get off, get off, get off, get off, they're going to Argentina, let's go Argentina, let's go Argentina, let's go our other way, get off, our other way, get off, our other way, get off, tell me the truth, tell me the truth, tell me the truth, kid, get off, get off, get off, kid, get off, get off, get off, we'll kill you, get off, get off, get off, get off, they're begging you, they're fainting, they're going to Argentina, they're going to we'll kill you, get off, get off, get off, get off, they're begging you, they're fainting, they're going to Argentina, they're going to Argenta Hospital Argenta Hospital Argenta Hospital .   If you're .   If you're .   If you're confused, take it confused, take it confused, take it out first.  Hey, let's tell you, hey, out first.  Hey, let's tell you, hey, out first.  Hey, let's tell you, hey, what's wrong with me? Put that hand away and what's wrong with me? Put that hand away and what's wrong with me? Put that hand away and tell me, tell me, tell me, sir, they've fainted, sir. sir, they've fainted, sir. sir, they've fainted, sir. What's wrong with you? Who's going to get What's wrong with you? Who's going to get What's wrong with you? Who's going to get off the bus and pick up everyone? Hey, off the bus and pick up everyone? Hey, pick up, I don't want you to talk, I'm going to put my hand on the floor and stop talking. Hey, pick up, I don't want you to talk, I'm going to put my hand on the floor and stop talking. Hey, what's wrong with you? what's wrong with you? what's wrong with you? We're just We're just We're just sitting there like that.  Are you going to drop us off sitting there like that.  Are you going to drop us off sitting there like that.  Are you going to drop us off ? ? ? Now, what should he not shout? Oh, yes, yes. Now, what should he not shout? Oh, yes, yes. Now, what should he not shout? Oh, yes, yes. Oh, you're the one who's gone, you're the one who's going to show up in an hour Oh, you're the one who's gone, you're the one who's going to show up in an hour Oh, you're the one who's gone, you're the one who's going to show up in an hour . . . One hour is hard.  He will be gone in 2 hours One hour is hard.  He will be gone in 2 hours One hour is hard.  He will be gone in 2 hours .  If that doesn't work, .  If that doesn't work, call 945471051.  I'll tell you what [music] to make call 945471051.  I'll tell you what [music] to make call 945471051.  I'll tell you what [music] to make .  Hey, did you make a note, .  Hey, did you make a note, .  Hey, did you make a note, you can't make a you can't make a you can't make a note, note, note, hey, do you know how to read ?   I ?   I ?   I know.   Is know.   Is know.   Is hair loss caused by medication? hair loss caused by medication? hair loss caused by medication? If it is, say yes, if not, If it is, say yes, if not, If it is, say yes, if not, say no.  Why are you acting like that say no.  Why are you acting like that say no.  Why are you acting like that ? ? ? Who am I?   It's okay, it's okay, it's okay, let me okay, it's okay, it's okay, let me okay, it's okay, it's okay, let me show you the mirror. show you the mirror. show you the mirror. Kamala, Karnan, Kamesh Pratap, why are Kamala, Karnan, Kamesh Pratap, why are Kamala, Karnan, Kamesh Pratap, why are you the only three people here? you the only three people here? you the only three people here? Tell me, sir. Raja, do you want to Tell me, sir. Raja, do you want to Tell me, sir. Raja, do you want to apologize to all three of you? apologize to all three of you? apologize to all three of you? He doesn't want to apologize either. He doesn't want to apologize either. He doesn't want to apologize either. Tell him that I have forgiven him. Tell him that I have forgiven him. Tell him that I have forgiven him. Hey, we bought the AC just to apologize Hey, we bought the AC just to apologize Hey, we bought the AC just to apologize .  If you go and buy it, .  If you go and buy it, .  If you go and buy it, you will be fine. If you come back and beat it, it will be fine.  Do you want it? you will be fine. If you come back and beat it, it will be fine.  Do you want it? you will be fine. If you come back and beat it, it will be fine.  Do you want it? Buy it. Buy it. Buy it. No, does that eye have a license? No, does that eye have a license? No, does that eye have a license? License? License? License? Without a license, it's illegal. Without a license, it's illegal. Without a license, it's illegal. We kidnapped him to become a commissioner, is that We kidnapped him to become a commissioner, is that We kidnapped him to become a commissioner, is that legal?  Everything we do is illegal, as long as we get the money legal?  Everything we do is illegal, as long as we get the money legal?  Everything we do is illegal, as long as we get the money .  [Music] .  [Music] .  [Music] How much is the mark in dentistry? How much is the mark in dentistry? How much is the mark in dentistry? I understand.  Don't ask for anything.  Adana How long, sir? How long, sir? How long, sir? Why don't you send them yet? If you ask me, Why don't you send them yet? If you ask me, Why don't you send them yet? If you ask me, I'll I'll I'll leave, sir.   Did leave, sir.   Did leave, sir.   Did you see, Chattamara, that you came with your family and you see, Chattamara, that you came with your family and you see, Chattamara, that you came with your family and these three people came all morning to these three people came all morning to these three people came all morning to apologize and then protested leaving this station? apologize and then protested leaving this station? apologize and then protested leaving this station? That's why That's why That's why he's so stubborn. Where's the AC? Where's the AC? he's so stubborn. Where's the AC? Where's the AC? he's so stubborn. Where's the AC? Where's the AC? [Music] He threw that iron bar at me. Let's go to the threw that iron bar at me. Let's go to the hospital. Let's hospital. Let's hospital. Let's go in our car. go in our car. go in our car. Hey, if you ask me, you've been Hey, if you ask me, you've been Hey, if you ask me, you've been beaten up. beaten up. beaten up. Kamala Kannan Kamesh, Kamala Kannan Kamesh, Kamala Kannan Kamesh, why is he calling from the entrance of this temple? Come why is he calling from the entrance of this temple? Come why is he calling from the entrance of this temple? Come here, I'll apologize. here, I'll apologize. here, I'll apologize. Hey, Eruda, Eruda, brother, give me some, come back. Hey, Eruda, Eruda, brother, give me some, come back. Hey, Eruda, Eruda, brother, give me some, come back. Sir, Izhani [Music] Drink, sir. Sir, Izhani [Music] Drink, sir. Sir, Izhani [Music] Drink, sir. Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? I am Navani.   Is I am Navani.   Is I am Navani.   Is Navani the Navani the Navani the Prime Minister? Prime Minister? Prime Minister? The girl's father, sir. The girl's father, sir. The girl's father, sir. Drink up, sir. This girl's name is Priyanka.  This girl was kidnapped last This girl's name is Priyanka.  This girl was kidnapped last This girl's name is Priyanka.  This girl was kidnapped last Wednesday at 12:30 pm as she was leaving St. Francis Xavier Wednesday at 12:30 pm as she was leaving St. Francis Xavier Wednesday at 12:30 pm as she was leaving St. Francis Xavier School School . . . I think it's because I I think it's because I I think it's because I tracked the cell phones of all the kidnappers in the city, and the tracked the cell phones of all the kidnappers in the city, and the tracked the cell phones of all the kidnappers in the city, and the cell phone signal of the three of you was cell phone signal of the three of you was cell phone signal of the three of you was near this girl's school near this girl's school near this girl's school .  Then one of the three of you .  Then one of the three of you .  Then one of the three of you kidnapped this girl kidnapped this girl kidnapped this girl .   If you truly confess to me, truly confess to me, I will put this kidney I took from you back inside.   I don't understand I will put this kidney I took from you back inside.   I don't understand I will put this kidney I took from you back inside.   I don't understand . I told you that I would put this kidney I took from you back in. I told you that I would put this kidney I took from you back in. I told you that I would put this kidney I took from you back in. What is it?  How did you get your kidney? What is it?  How did you get your kidney? What is it?  How did you get your kidney? What did you get? What did you get? What did you get? Where did the kidney go? Where did the kidney go? Where did the kidney go? What mobile wallets does the kidney not accept What mobile wallets does the kidney not accept What mobile wallets does the kidney not accept ? ? ? Hey, you cow, don't you know what a kidney is Hey, you cow, don't you know what a kidney is Hey, you cow, don't you know what a kidney is ? ? ? That's why there are two.  If one thing is wrong, then there is That's why there are two.  If one thing is wrong, then there is That's why there are two.  If one thing is wrong, then there is another, another, another, can't you adjust it? can't you adjust it? can't you adjust it? Why is it that the alcohol we drink is not enough for four Why is it that the alcohol we drink is not enough for four Why is it that the alcohol we drink is not enough for four kidneys?  If you have a kidney, you should kidneys?  If you have a kidney, you should kidneys?  If you have a kidney, you should hit it with a hammer. [Music] hit it with a hammer. [Music] hit it with a hammer. [Music] What are you playing? Silence, don't What are you playing? Silence, don't What are you playing? Silence, don't be nervous like that. be nervous like that. be nervous like that. The switch inside will go "tap tap tap" The switch inside will go "tap tap tap" The switch inside will go "tap tap tap" . . . Did you leave one?   If you leave Did you leave one?   If you leave Did you leave one?   If you leave two more, you will die.   I don't two more, you will die.   I don't two more, you will die.   I don't understand anything, sir. understand anything, sir. understand anything, sir. They're making up for a mistake they haven't made in three days. They're making up for a mistake they haven't made in three days. They blackmailed me by putting some sour candy on my kidney.   Don't be They blackmailed me by putting some sour candy on my kidney.   Don't be They blackmailed me by putting some sour candy on my kidney.   Don't be afraid.   It's afraid.   It's afraid.   It's very simple.  If you admit that you very simple.  If you admit that you very simple.  If you admit that you kidnapped that girl, I will sew kidnapped that girl, I will sew kidnapped that girl, I will sew your your your beautiful heart back together.   Come back, beautiful heart back together.   Come back, beautiful heart back together.   Come back, Thachituri, sir. Thachituri, sir. Thachituri, sir. Well, you kidnapped a child from a poor family and gave it to a Well, you kidnapped a child from a poor family and gave it to a Well, you kidnapped a child from a poor family and gave it to a rich family who were struggling without children. rich family who were struggling without children. Sir, many children have come from me and Sir, many children have come from me and Sir, many children have come from me and are now millionaires.  Sir, I am doing this as a are now millionaires.  Sir, I am doing this as a are now millionaires.  Sir, I am doing this as a service. service. service. Kamarajarani Kammanati.  If you tell this to go out, they'll make Kamarajarani Kammanati.  If you tell this to go out, they'll make Kamarajarani Kammanati.  If you tell this to go out, they'll make you a statue. you a statue. you a statue. I do I do I do n't know who this guy's two names are.  I'm not kidnaping. n't know who this guy's two names are.  I'm not kidnaping. n't know who this guy's two names are.  I'm not kidnaping. Then prove that you didn't do it. Then prove that you didn't do it. Then prove that you didn't do it. How? How? How? What were you doing to your mother at that time [music] What were you doing to your mother at that time [music] What were you doing to your mother at that time [music] ? ? Tell me the number of your grandmother who went to my grandmother's house to look after her. Tell me the number of your grandmother who went to my grandmother's house to look after her. Tell me the number of your grandmother who went to my grandmother's house to look after her. I am speaking to your husband, Pratap. I am speaking to your husband, Pratap. I am speaking to your husband, Pratap. If you know, do it and tell me. If you know, do it and tell me. If you know, do it and tell me. I saw you on Wednesday afternoon I saw you on Wednesday afternoon I saw you on Wednesday afternoon .   They .   They .   They came and looked at me, wondering where I was came and looked at me, wondering where I was came and looked at me, wondering where I was . . . That's where. That's where. That's where. Hey, you came and looked at me without knowing where I was Hey, you came and looked at me without knowing where I was Hey, you came and looked at me without knowing where I was . . . You too can live without a kidney for a week You too can live without a kidney for a week You too can live without a kidney for a week . . . This guy went to this guy and begged him to tell him to This guy went to this guy and begged him to tell him to This guy went to this guy and begged him to tell him to bring the girl to the hospital bring the girl to the hospital bring the girl to the hospital .  The girl who comes then is called .  The girl who comes then is called .  The girl who comes then is called Dabakkun. Dabakkun. Dabakkun. Hey, if you tell him that, he'll just tell you to shoot, you Hey, if you tell him that, he'll just tell you to shoot, you Hey, if you tell him that, he'll just tell you to shoot, you loser loser loser doctor. [Laughter] doctor. [Laughter] doctor. [Laughter] Call them and tell them there's another girl Call them and tell them there's another girl Call them and tell them there's another girl . . . Tell them to come and buy it, and they will come.  [Laughter] Tell them to come and buy it, and they will come.  [Laughter] Tell them to come and buy it, and they will come.  [Laughter] Hello Hello Hello brother, there is a girl.  I'm 10 or 11 years old brother, there is a girl.  I'm 10 or 11 years old brother, there is a girl.  I'm 10 or 11 years old .  Are you buying? .  Are you buying? .  Are you buying? The first one stabbed you again, The first one stabbed you again, The first one stabbed you again, another girl. Looking at the speed you're going, it another girl. Looking at the speed you're going, it another girl. Looking at the speed you're going, it seems like there's not even a girl in town, seems like there's not even a girl in town, seems like there's not even a girl in town, you servant. You're no longer just a kidnapper, you're a you servant. You're no longer just a kidnapper, you're a you servant. You're no longer just a kidnapper, you're a kidnapper. kidnapper. kidnapper. Okay, I'll tell you tomorrow, come on, Okay, I'll tell you tomorrow, come on, Okay, I'll tell you tomorrow, come on, okay, okay, I'm leaving even my kidney after 15 years in the service industry. I'm leaving even my kidney after 15 years in the service industry. I'm leaving even my kidney after 15 years in the service industry. No, bro.  You have the No, bro.  You have the No, bro.  You have the most experience in this matter.  So most experience in this matter.  So most experience in this matter.  So until we get a girl [music], until we get a girl [music], until we get a girl [music], stay with us.  May your kidney be with him stay with us.  May your kidney be with him stay with us.  May your kidney be with him .  Is this Ivan available? .  Is this Ivan available? .  Is this Ivan available? Hey, are you all kidding? Hey, are you all kidding? I told you that if you give me an idea, I'll give you my kidney back.  Did the kidney also I told you that if you give me an idea, I'll give you my kidney back.  Did the kidney also I told you that if you give me an idea, I'll give you my kidney back.  Did the kidney also come and go and come up with an idea? come and go and come up with an idea? come and go and come up with an idea? This is a big idea, Tiger. We are This is a big idea, Tiger. We are This is a big idea, Tiger. We are looking for him.  Hey, I looking for him.  Hey, I was just shouting like this.  Lift your kidney and was just shouting like this.  Lift your kidney and was just shouting like this.  Lift your kidney and blow into the caccus. blow into the caccus. blow into the caccus. Blow on the cuckoo, you blow it, yeah Blow on the cuckoo, you blow it, yeah Blow on the cuckoo, you blow it, yeah [sigh] There's another girl, [sigh] There's another girl, [sigh] There's another girl, you're either there or there's no way you're either there or there's no way you're either there or there's no way [music] I'll dress her up like a [music] I'll dress her up like a [music] I'll dress her up like a doll.   Well, I doll.   Well, I can pretend to be a lotus flower. can pretend to be a lotus flower. can pretend to be a lotus flower. Sir, Sir, Sir, leave it alone.  Wait, have leave it alone.  Wait, have leave it alone.  Wait, have you practiced giving injections? you practiced giving injections? you practiced giving injections? How can I do it again? Look carefully, sir. Look carefully, sir. Look carefully, sir. One needle is correct. The One needle is correct. The One needle is correct. The medicine is correct. medicine is correct. medicine is correct. One two one that's it, One two one that's it, One two one that's it, [ __ ] this, go away Driver, driver, I Driver, driver, I know this girl definitely won't girl. know this girl definitely won't girl. know this girl definitely won't girl. What did you say, there is What did you say, there is What did you say, there is only the letter, I want only the letter, I want only the letter, I want to put flowers in it, please, my dear, this is my moon, why do this is my moon, why do you lie so awkwardly when I blow on the moon that I hit? What are you doing, you lie so awkwardly when I blow on the moon that I hit? What are you doing, you are wrong, why are you beating him? He will you are wrong, why are you beating him? He will forget everything when you are beating him, forget everything when you are beating him, forget everything when you are beating him, doctor, that girl is here, doctor, that girl is here, doctor, that girl is here, doctor, ask where that girl is, doctor, ask where that girl is, doctor, ask where that girl is, doctor.   I doctor.   I doctor.   I don't have the girl, sir.  I've already given don't have the girl, sir.  I've already given don't have the girl, sir.  I've already given my hand to someone else, sir.  Who is my hand to someone else, sir.  Who is my hand to someone else, sir.  Who is near? Hey, what's up, Moonji, this is Hey, what's up, Moonji, this is Hey, what's up, Moonji, this is n't a business.   Wo n't I become a business to n't I become a business to n't I become a business to you?  I you?  I you?  I can come to Tirusava to do business for you. can come to Tirusava to do business for you. can come to Tirusava to do business for you. Bhagat just Bhagat just Bhagat just looks at him. Hey, Hey, Hey, what the hell, just because I put a light on it, I tore it all apart with a knife and what the hell, just because I put a light on it, I tore it all apart with a knife and what the hell, just because I put a light on it, I tore it all apart with a knife and put my kidney in a bottle.  Quiet, quiet put my kidney in a bottle.  Quiet, quiet Sister, is that water too little? Sister, is that water too little? Sister, is that water too little? Oh my, Oh my, Oh my, what's wrong? They made it look like a blind eye what's wrong? They made it look like a blind eye what's wrong? They made it look like a blind eye .  You said you would marry him, but .  You said you would marry him, but .  You said you would marry him, but now no now no now no one will marry you. one will marry you. one will marry you. Look, the doctor, you have made it so that even if you have this child, you will be the doctor, you have made it so that even if you have this child, you will be asked who you are asked who you are asked who you are . Those who have studied are those who have studied.   It would . Those who have studied are those who have studied.   It would . Those who have studied are those who have studied.   It would still be fine for 4 days. still be fine for 4 days. still be fine for 4 days. Until then, who will watch my moon? Until then, who will watch my moon? Until then, who will watch my moon? Who has ever listened to Doctor, please give me that water. Doctor, please give me that water. Doctor, please give me that water. I've been asking for an hour. I've been asking for an hour. I've been asking for an hour. Put it on, doctor, doctor, Put it on, doctor, doctor, Put it on, doctor, doctor, this is the plan. this is the plan. this is the plan. This is what we are going to do. This is what we are going to do. This is what we are going to do. The plan is very good, but the people are The plan is very good, but the people are The plan is very good, but the people are all very poor all very poor all very poor . . The doctor will perform an operation and leave, as time goes by. The doctor will perform an operation and leave, as time goes by. The doctor will perform an operation and leave, as time goes by. Anyone can catch all that.   Don't just Anyone can catch all that.   Don't just sit outside and do penance to protect your child.  He wo sit outside and do penance to protect your child.  He wo sit outside and do penance to protect your child.  He wo n't agree to all that either.   I will n't agree to all that either.   I will n't agree to all that either.   I will not agree.  I have to not agree.  I have to not agree.  I have to say something he'll agree with.   It say something he'll agree with.   It say something he'll agree with.   It takes a fool to agree with that. takes a fool to agree with that. takes a fool to agree with that. This is not your father. [Music] You are not this mother's husband. You are not this mother's husband. You are not this mother's husband. This mother is not that mother's brother-in-law. So This mother is not that mother's brother-in-law. So This mother is not that mother's brother-in-law. So you are acting like a family and you are acting like a family and kidnapping children. kidnapping children. kidnapping children. Oh, what's wrong with everyone there? Last week, there was a kidnapping and Oh, what's wrong with everyone there? Last week, there was a kidnapping and Oh, what's wrong with everyone there? Last week, there was a kidnapping and then a car then a car then a car accident.  Who is driving the car?   Do accident.  Who is driving the car?   Do accident.  Who is driving the car?   Do you have knowledge?  There are so many ladies in the car, I you have knowledge?  There are so many ladies in the car, I don't want to drive, Jagir.   Look, there's don't want to drive, Jagir.   Look, there's a beautiful girl with a wound. a beautiful girl with a wound. a beautiful girl with a wound. [Music] Please [Music] Please [Music] Please beat this well and beat this well and beat this well and get it out.  I won't go there many times get it out.  I won't go there many times get it out.  I won't go there many times .  Okay, you've all .  Okay, you've all .  Okay, you've all been beaten up, so go sit down. been beaten up, so go sit down. been beaten up, so go sit down. Okay, what can I do for you? Okay, what can I do for you? Okay, what can I do for you? According to the information received by Sir, a Kowala According to the information received by Sir, a Kowala According to the information received by Sir, a Kowala man has kidnapped many girls man has kidnapped many girls man has kidnapped many girls .  If we had made our correct plan and .  If we had made our correct plan and .  If we had made our correct plan and killed all those girls, killed all those girls, killed all those girls, he wouldn't have been able to file a police complaint. he wouldn't have been able to file a police complaint. he wouldn't have been able to file a police complaint. We have a problem too, Gummi. We have a problem too, Gummi. We have a problem too, Gummi. The total worth of those girls is 50 crore The total worth of those girls is 50 crore The total worth of those girls is 50 crore rupees. The plan you're talking about has more The plan you're talking about has more The plan you're talking about has more risk for us.  I risk for us.  I risk for us.  I told you so.  It's a shame told you so.  It's a shame told you so.  It's a shame they are the ones who work as wage laborers.  If you they are the ones who work as wage laborers.  If you they are the ones who work as wage laborers.  If you go to these people and talk about a deal worth crores of rupees, they wo go to these people and talk about a deal worth crores of rupees, they wo go to these people and talk about a deal worth crores of rupees, they wo n't be intimidated, they'll only end up killing you n't be intimidated, they'll only end up killing you n't be intimidated, they'll only end up killing you .  A lion can only be killed by a sword .  A lion can only be killed by a sword .  A lion can only be killed by a sword .  Even a child .  Even a child .  Even a child can't scream in these forests.  You can show him the moonshines and make him lose his can't scream in these forests.  You can show him the moonshines and make him lose his can't scream in these forests.  You can show him the moonshines and make him lose his child.  Hey, child.  Hey, child.  Hey, you're wasting your time. It's my place. you're wasting your time. It's my place. you're wasting your time. It's my place. Why? Why? Why? Sir, please Sir, please Sir, please I won't vote normally.