This is a rip and review [music] of This is a rip and review [music] of This is a rip and review [music] of Topps Chrome update 2526. If you want to Topps Chrome update 2526. If you want to Topps Chrome update 2526. If you want to skip directly to the rip, go [music] skip directly to the rip, go [music] skip directly to the rip, go [music] right here. This is the very first year right here. This is the very first year right here. This is the very first year of Topps Chrome update in basketball. of Topps Chrome update in basketball. of Topps Chrome update in basketball. We've got a lot of new inserts that We've got a lot of new inserts that We've got a lot of new inserts that [music] they didn't have before. They're [music] they didn't have before. They're [music] they didn't have before. They're introducing now in the first time we've introducing now in the first time we've introducing now in the first time we've had it. If you'd like to know all the had it. If you'd like to know all the had it. If you'd like to know all the box configurations, [music] you can box configurations, [music] you can box configurations, [music] you can check them out here. Take a screenshot. check them out here. Take a screenshot. check them out here. Take a screenshot. Save it for later. Let's go over the Save it for later. Let's go over the Save it for later. Let's go over the most common inserts. Some that you might most common inserts. Some that you might most common inserts. Some that you might see in pretty [music] much every single see in pretty [music] much every single see in pretty [music] much every single box that you open. So, you got power box that you open. So, you got power box that you open. So, you got power players, stratospheric stars, clutch players, stratospheric stars, clutch players, stratospheric stars, clutch city, fortune [music] 15, clutch gene, city, fortune [music] 15, clutch gene, city, fortune [music] 15, clutch gene, moment in time. Now, let's move on to moment in time. Now, let's move on to moment in time. Now, let's move on to the more rare inserts. Not the most rare the more rare inserts. Not the most rare the more rare inserts. Not the most rare inserts, but definitely some [music] you inserts, but definitely some [music] you inserts, but definitely some [music] you want to keep in your collection if you want to keep in your collection if you want to keep in your collection if you find some. The first one is no limit for find some. The first one is no limit for find some. The first one is no limit for players that truly have no limit. It's a players that truly have no limit. It's a players that truly have no limit. It's a 10-card checklist you can find in 10-card checklist you can find in 10-card checklist you can find in [music] one in every 39 hobby packs. [music] one in every 39 hobby packs. [music] one in every 39 hobby packs. Now, the next one we've got up is Now, the next one we've got up is Now, the next one we've got up is captains, which is a little misleading captains, which is a little misleading captains, which is a little misleading because [music] not every one in the because [music] not every one in the because [music] not every one in the checklist is a captain, but they do checklist is a captain, but they do checklist is a captain, but they do command respect on the court. This is a command respect on the court. This is a command respect on the court. This is a 20-player checklist that you'll find one 20-player checklist that you'll find one 20-player checklist that you'll find one [music] in every 409 packs. So, me [music] in every 409 packs. So, me [music] in every 409 packs. So, me personally, I've always loved the look personally, I've always loved the look personally, I've always loved the look of this card. It was always a big chase of this card. It was always a big chase of this card. It was always a big chase in baseball, and now we finally have it in baseball, and now we finally have it in baseball, and now we finally have it here in basketball. [music] That is here in basketball. [music] That is here in basketball. [music] That is shadow edge, and you'll find that in one shadow edge, and you'll find that in one shadow edge, and you'll find that in one in every 545 packs. [music] Back again, in every 545 packs. [music] Back again, in every 545 packs. [music] Back again, we've got radiating rookies, and of we've got radiating rookies, and of we've got radiating rookies, and of course, you've guessed it, this is where course, you've guessed it, this is where course, you've guessed it, this is where you'll find your rookies. One in [music] you'll find your rookies. One in [music] you'll find your rookies. One in [music] every 545 packs, and it's a 15-person every 545 packs, and it's a 15-person every 545 packs, and it's a 15-person checklist. Now, the next one up, checklist. Now, the next one up, checklist. Now, the next one up, celebration. This is one you're going to celebration. This is one you're going to celebration. This is one you're going to find [music] in one in every 570 packs, find [music] in one in every 570 packs, find [music] in one in every 570 packs, a 15-player checklist, [music] and as a 15-player checklist, [music] and as a 15-player checklist, [music] and as you can tell by this card, it looks like you can tell by this card, it looks like you can tell by this card, it looks like a party. Now, let's move on to the most a party. Now, let's move on to the most a party. Now, let's move on to the most rare cards. Now, if you find something rare cards. Now, if you find something rare cards. Now, if you find something like this, you [music] know you got like this, you [music] know you got like this, you [music] know you got something good. Now, one chase that we something good. Now, one chase that we something good. Now, one chase that we all know and love is the almighty helix. all know and love is the almighty helix. all know and love is the almighty helix. This is a beautiful card design that This is a beautiful card design that This is a beautiful card design that collectors are going to love and are collectors are going to love and are collectors are going to love and are going to chase. But, [music] the chase going to chase. But, [music] the chase going to chase. But, [music] the chase is on because you only got them in one is on because you only got them in one is on because you only got them in one in every 3,744 in every 3,744 in every 3,744 packs. This is a 20-person checklist. packs. This is a 20-person checklist. packs. This is a 20-person checklist. Now, this next one we're going to talk Now, this next one we're going to talk Now, this next one we're going to talk about, it's a base variation, but it's about, it's a base variation, but it's about, it's a base variation, but it's so rare that it's definitely worth so rare that it's definitely worth so rare that it's definitely worth talking about, and that is [music] denim talking about, and that is [music] denim talking about, and that is [music] denim tears. Now, because it's base, there tears. Now, because it's base, there tears. Now, because it's base, there will be 200 variations, but still super will be 200 variations, but still super will be 200 variations, but still super hard to find, one in every 6,054 [music] hard to find, one in every 6,054 [music] hard to find, one in every 6,054 [music] packs. Outside of patches and autos, packs. Outside of patches and autos, packs. Outside of patches and autos, this is going to be your biggest chase, this is going to be your biggest chase, this is going to be your biggest chase, and that is alter egos. Not only are and that is alter egos. Not only are and that is alter egos. Not only are they extremely [music] rare, the artwork they extremely [music] rare, the artwork they extremely [music] rare, the artwork is amazing. The way they take the is amazing. The way they take the is amazing. The way they take the player's personality and turn it into an player's personality and turn it into an player's personality and turn it into an illustration, top tier. Now, this illustration, top tier. Now, this illustration, top tier. Now, this [music] next one might be a little bit [music] next one might be a little bit [music] next one might be a little bit controversial, but like it or love it, controversial, but like it or love it, controversial, but like it or love it, we've got something that's extremely we've got something that's extremely we've got something that's extremely rare. That is [music] the minion rare. That is [music] the minion rare. That is [music] the minion fractor. Now, this is an extremely rare fractor. Now, this is an extremely rare fractor. Now, this is an extremely rare hit. I'm talking one out of every 12,456 hit. I'm talking one out of every 12,456 hit. I'm talking one out of every 12,456 packs. This is only a five player packs. This is only a five player packs. This is only a five player checklist. They made sure to only checklist. They made sure to only checklist. They made sure to only reserve these for the guys that are at reserve these for the guys that are at reserve these for the guys that are at the top of their game, the ones that the top of their game, the ones that the top of their game, the ones that mean you want to chase. Now, the [music] mean you want to chase. Now, the [music] mean you want to chase. Now, the [music] first autos we'll talk about are Topps first autos we'll talk about are Topps first autos we'll talk about are Topps Chrome autographs. Extremely long Chrome autographs. Extremely long Chrome autographs. Extremely long checklist. If the player signs in Topps, checklist. If the player signs in Topps, checklist. If the player signs in Topps, you can [music] see them here. Now, they you can [music] see them here. Now, they you can [music] see them here. Now, they are the most common autos that you will are the most common autos that you will are the most common autos that you will find in a guaranteed auto box, but if find in a guaranteed auto box, but if find in a guaranteed auto box, but if it's a great player, it's still got to it's a great player, it's still got to it's a great player, it's still got to be a fan- tastic hit. Now, these autos be a fan- tastic hit. Now, these autos be a fan- tastic hit. Now, these autos you will find one [music] in every 141 you will find one [music] in every 141 you will find one [music] in every 141 packs. Now, the next one we've got is packs. Now, the next one we've got is packs. Now, the next one we've got is the rookie autographs lava lamp. Now, the rookie autographs lava lamp. Now, the rookie autographs lava lamp. Now, [music] extremely long checklist, but [music] extremely long checklist, but [music] extremely long checklist, but again, this will only be reserved for again, this will only be reserved for again, this will only be reserved for rookies, and you'll find these in every rookies, and you'll find these in every rookies, and you'll find these in every 295 packs. [music] Now, before we get to 295 packs. [music] Now, before we get to 295 packs. [music] Now, before we get to our biggest chases in the product, we've our biggest chases in the product, we've our biggest chases in the product, we've got to mention our special guest. got to mention our special guest. got to mention our special guest. [music] The two big names we're talking [music] The two big names we're talking [music] The two big names we're talking about, Spike Lee and Druski. Y'all know about, Spike Lee and Druski. Y'all know about, Spike Lee and Druski. Y'all know Spike Lee, one of the biggest fans of Spike Lee, one of the biggest fans of Spike Lee, one of the biggest fans of the New York Knicks. the New York Knicks. >> [music] >> [music] >> And Druski, you've been seeing him poke >> And Druski, you've been seeing him poke >> And Druski, you've been seeing him poke around the hobby lately. Great to have around the hobby lately. Great to have around the hobby lately. Great to have them both in the set. Now, for Druski, them both in the set. Now, for Druski, them both in the set. Now, for Druski, you're going to find his auto in one in you're going to find his auto in one in you're going to find his auto in one in every 80,960 every 80,960 every 80,960 packs. [music] Now, for Spike Lee's packs. [music] Now, for Spike Lee's packs. [music] Now, for Spike Lee's auto, it's a lot more rare to find. I'm auto, it's a lot more rare to find. I'm auto, it's a lot more rare to find. I'm talking about one in every 138,789 talking about one in every 138,789 talking about one in every 138,789 packs. Now, here comes the biggest packs. Now, here comes the biggest packs. Now, here comes the biggest [music] chase in the hobby. That's [music] chase in the hobby. That's [music] chase in the hobby. That's right, I'm talking about the debut right, I'm talking about the debut right, I'm talking about the debut patch. [music] If you don't know, guys, patch. [music] If you don't know, guys, patch. [music] If you don't know, guys, this is a patch that literally was used this is a patch that literally was used this is a patch that literally was used in the player's very first game, taken in the player's very first game, taken in the player's very first game, taken directly from the jersey and put into a directly from the jersey and put into a directly from the jersey and put into a card that we're going to go chase. If card that we're going to go chase. If card that we're going to go chase. If you weren't aware guys, the debut patch you weren't aware guys, the debut patch you weren't aware guys, the debut patch is the biggest chase that is [music] is the biggest chase that is [music] is the biggest chase that is [music] coming to the hobby since Topps has coming to the hobby since Topps has coming to the hobby since Topps has taken over the license of basketball. taken over the license of basketball. taken over the license of basketball. Just the fact that [music] this product Just the fact that [music] this product Just the fact that [music] this product has the debut patch in it makes it so has the debut patch in it makes it so has the debut patch in it makes it so much more enticing for collectors like much more enticing for collectors like much more enticing for collectors like you and I. All right guys, without you and I. All right guys, without you and I. All right guys, without further ado, let's get into the product. Nice design, Cooper and Wemby on the Nice design, Cooper and Wemby on the Nice design, Cooper and Wemby on the front. Either one of these guys would be front. Either one of these guys would be front. Either one of these guys would be amazing right now. All right, let's see. All right, let's see. All right, let's see. First look. First look. First look. Oh, I've got something colorful here in Oh, I've got something colorful here in Oh, I've got something colorful here in the back. the back. the back. Chris Middleton, Jalen Brunson. Chris Middleton, Jalen Brunson. Chris Middleton, Jalen Brunson. Naz Reid Marshall. How about already a power players of How about already a power players of How about already a power players of Karl Malone on the Jazz? Beautiful card Karl Malone on the Jazz? Beautiful card Karl Malone on the Jazz? Beautiful card right there. Definitely seems like an right there. Definitely seems like an right there. Definitely seems like an old school design which I enjoy a lot. old school design which I enjoy a lot. old school design which I enjoy a lot. Hopefully you collect his will as well. Hopefully you collect his will as well. Hopefully you collect his will as well. Nice little insert right there. Let's see what we got. Looks like they uh Looks like they uh Looks like they uh refractor here. Bronny for the Hawks, Jalen Johnson. Bronny for the Hawks, Jalen Johnson. Bronny for the Hawks, Jalen Johnson. Nice refractor. Jakub Jonas, Jalen Green. There's Jakub Jonas, Jalen Green. There's Jakub Jonas, Jalen Green. There's another power players for Evan Mobley another power players for Evan Mobley another power players for Evan Mobley DPOY. Thomas Ober rookie. DPOY. Thomas Ober rookie. DPOY. Thomas Ober rookie. Nice Evan Mobley power players. Nice Evan Mobley power players. Nice Evan Mobley power players. Come on, let's find something good. There's a uh There's a uh There's a uh Hugo Gonzalez. Liam McNeely, Kelly Oubre. Liam McNeely, Kelly Oubre. Liam McNeely, Kelly Oubre. Dame time, going back to the Blazers. I Dame time, going back to the Blazers. I Dame time, going back to the Blazers. I love that. Got the Blazers jersey on. love that. Got the Blazers jersey on. love that. Got the Blazers jersey on. Back home to the Blazers in Portland. Back home to the Blazers in Portland. Back home to the Blazers in Portland. Like the design on these, man. Like the design on these, man. Like the design on these, man. But now I got to see one of these But now I got to see one of these But now I got to see one of these exclusives. I want to see something for exclusives. I want to see something for exclusives. I want to see something for that update we'll give us. that update we'll give us. that update we'll give us. There's one. There's one. There's one. There's a new one, and there's Dillon There's a new one, and there's Dillon There's a new one, and there's Dillon Harper. Harper. Harper. On the moment in time. That's a very On the moment in time. That's a very On the moment in time. That's a very cool picture right there. Giving us cool picture right there. Giving us cool picture right there. Giving us literally the exact moment in time, as literally the exact moment in time, as literally the exact moment in time, as you see has a little recording there, you see has a little recording there, you see has a little recording there, which shows you the camera action. I which shows you the camera action. I which shows you the camera action. I love that with the crowd in the back. love that with the crowd in the back. love that with the crowd in the back. Very cool design. Very cool design. Very cool design. Chazz Lanier Chazz Lanier Chazz Lanier and Trey Murphy. and Trey Murphy. and Trey Murphy. Where's Wemby? Where's Scoot? Where's Wemby? Where's Scoot? Where's Wemby? Where's Scoot? Where's Wemby? Where's Scoot? Where's Where's Wemby? Where's Scoot? Where's Where's Wemby? Where's Scoot? Where's LeBron? LeBron? LeBron? How crazy is it, guys, if we pull this a How crazy is it, guys, if we pull this a How crazy is it, guys, if we pull this a debut patch right here? Cavaliers, Jarrett Allen. Cavaliers, Jarrett Allen. Cavaliers, Jarrett Allen. Hometown hero from Austin, Texas. Hometown hero from Austin, Texas. Hometown hero from Austin, Texas. I'm from Austin, Texas. I'm from Austin, Texas. I'm from Austin, Texas. Come on. I think I see redemption. I think I see redemption. I think I see redemption. Classic design. Well, there's Scooper Classic design. Well, there's Scooper Classic design. Well, there's Scooper slamming it down, man. That's an updated slamming it down, man. That's an updated slamming it down, man. That's an updated card, for sure. I didn't see that design card, for sure. I didn't see that design card, for sure. I didn't see that design before. I love that. Scooper going before. I love that. Scooper going before. I love that. Scooper going crazy. crazy. crazy. Uh, we have Uh, we have Uh, we have Bronny James auto to 99. That's a Bronny James auto to 99. That's a Bronny James auto to 99. That's a gorgeous card right there. The true gorgeous card right there. The true gorgeous card right there. The true green. green. green. True green, not geometric like you would True green, not geometric like you would True green, not geometric like you would see in sapphire. It's a gorgeous card see in sapphire. It's a gorgeous card see in sapphire. It's a gorgeous card right there. On-card auto right there. On-card auto right there. On-card auto of Bronny James. That's one of the autos of Bronny James. That's one of the autos of Bronny James. That's one of the autos you'll see, guys. That's one of the you'll see, guys. That's one of the you'll see, guys. That's one of the opportunities you'll find. That true opportunities you'll find. That true opportunities you'll find. That true green, the 99. green, the 99. green, the 99. Gorgeous card. Gorgeous card. Gorgeous card. That should be our auto in the box, but That should be our auto in the box, but That should be our auto in the box, but you never know with Top Opps, you just you never know with Top Opps, you just you never know with Top Opps, you just might find another. might find another. might find another. Derrick White Derrick White Derrick White and Javon Small. and Javon Small. and Javon Small. Very nice-looking cards. Obviously look Very nice-looking cards. Obviously look Very nice-looking cards. Obviously look the same as they did before with the uh the same as they did before with the uh the same as they did before with the uh Topps Chrome. Topps Chrome. Topps Chrome. Um Um Um with some updates to the jerseys and the with some updates to the jerseys and the with some updates to the jerseys and the pictures. There's Sabonis. Celtics. Give pictures. There's Sabonis. Celtics. Give pictures. There's Sabonis. Celtics. Give me Jason Tatum. There we go, to 299. 222. Angel numbers. 222. Angel numbers. 222. Angel numbers. Come on, let's see. Come on, let's see. Come on, let's see. Maybe we get lucky with the second auto. Maybe we get lucky with the second auto. Maybe we get lucky with the second auto. You never know. You never know. You never know. Got to keep hunting. Got to keep hunting. Got to keep hunting. Very nice one right here. Buddy Hield. Very nice one right here. Buddy Hield. Very nice one right here. Buddy Hield. Jaren Jackson Jr. and Jaren Jackson Jr. and Jaren Jackson Jr. and Fortune 15 Donovan Mitchell. Fortune 15 Donovan Mitchell. Fortune 15 Donovan Mitchell. That's one of the inserts that we were That's one of the inserts that we were That's one of the inserts that we were talking about, guys. There's a Fortune talking about, guys. There's a Fortune talking about, guys. There's a Fortune 15. 15. 15. Donny Mitch. Spider. Oh, we do have uh activators for Brandon Brandon Miller. activators for Brandon Brandon Miller. activators for Brandon Brandon Miller. Kevin Garnett. Kevin Garnett. Kevin Garnett. Another Cavaliers. How about Lonzo Ball Another Cavaliers. How about Lonzo Ball Another Cavaliers. How about Lonzo Ball 99? 99? 99? That's a little bit different. As you That's a little bit different. As you That's a little bit different. As you guys see the difference between the 99s, guys see the difference between the 99s, guys see the difference between the 99s, this is a true green in 99, and this this is a true green in 99, and this this is a true green in 99, and this one's going to be your wave, I believe. one's going to be your wave, I believe. one's going to be your wave, I believe. Come on. I got to see something crazy. Got to see I got to see something crazy. Got to see I got to see something crazy. Got to see something crazy. Back to Dillon Harper. something crazy. Back to Dillon Harper. something crazy. Back to Dillon Harper. Devin Booker and Andrew Wiggins on the Devin Booker and Andrew Wiggins on the Devin Booker and Andrew Wiggins on the refractor. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Bobby Portis, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Bobby Portis, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Bobby Portis, and there's another moment in time Luka and there's another moment in time Luka and there's another moment in time Luka Dončić. Dončić. Dončić. I'm sure he drained that. Rudy, I'm I'm sure he drained that. Rudy, I'm I'm sure he drained that. Rudy, I'm sorry, man. Bennedict Mathurin. Here comes another Bennedict Mathurin. Here comes another Bennedict Mathurin. Here comes another refractor. Give me Jeremiah Fears. How refractor. Give me Jeremiah Fears. How refractor. Give me Jeremiah Fears. How about zero fears refractor rookie? about zero fears refractor rookie? about zero fears refractor rookie? Great player right there. Another Activators it looks like. How Another Activators it looks like. How Another Activators it looks like. How about LeBron with a very cool design about LeBron with a very cool design about LeBron with a very cool design right there? I mean, he must have jammed right there? I mean, he must have jammed right there? I mean, he must have jammed it down. it down. it down. And there's LaMelo Ball. And there's LaMelo Ball. And there's LaMelo Ball. Now moving on to the Timberwolves. Now moving on to the Timberwolves. Now moving on to the Timberwolves. It's going to be a fun fun game to see a It's going to be a fun fun game to see a It's going to be a fun fun game to see a fun uh series to see with him and fun uh series to see with him and fun uh series to see with him and Ant-Man for sure. Ant-Man for sure. Ant-Man for sure. Alex Caruso back-to-back OKC OG Anunoby Alex Caruso back-to-back OKC OG Anunoby Alex Caruso back-to-back OKC OG Anunoby the Hand of God. the Hand of God. the Hand of God. And there's your Clutch Gene. And there's your Clutch Gene. And there's your Clutch Gene. JayDub. JayDub. JayDub. Clutch Genes making their way back. Clutch Genes making their way back. Clutch Genes making their way back. Making their way back to Tops. Evan Mobley, Larry Bird. Evan Mobley, Larry Bird. Evan Mobley, Larry Bird. AR-15. AR-15. AR-15. And there's Derrick White. And there's Derrick White. And there's Derrick White. Very similar to the last card we just Very similar to the last card we just Very similar to the last card we just showed you guys. There's the wave again, showed you guys. There's the wave again, showed you guys. There's the wave again, but there's non-numbered wave. Last but there's non-numbered wave. Last but there's non-numbered wave. Last three packs. Let's see what we can get. Con Knippel. Con Knippel. Con Knippel. T.J. McConnell. T.J. McConnell. T.J. McConnell. Naz Reid. Naz Reid. Naz Reid. Shareef Abdur-Rahim. Got an insert here. That's nice. That's nice. That's nice. Stratospheric Stars James Harden. That's Stratospheric Stars James Harden. That's Stratospheric Stars James Harden. That's a really cool looking card there. a really cool looking card there. a really cool looking card there. Stratospheric Stars. Now you know what Stratospheric Stars. Now you know what Stratospheric Stars. Now you know what it looks like and that's definitely one it looks like and that's definitely one it looks like and that's definitely one of these Stratospheric Stars. I mean, he of these Stratospheric Stars. I mean, he of these Stratospheric Stars. I mean, he was putting up Stratospheric numbers at was putting up Stratospheric numbers at was putting up Stratospheric numbers at one point. Last pack mojo. Let's see one point. Last pack mojo. Let's see one point. Last pack mojo. Let's see what we can do, squad. Another insert to end this off. Another insert to end this off. Another insert to end this off. Let's get a good look at it. Let's get a good look at it. Let's get a good look at it. I like it. Tyrese Haliburton. I like it. Tyrese Haliburton. I like it. Tyrese Haliburton. On the go time. It's go time, baby. On the go time. It's go time, baby. On the go time. It's go time, baby. Probably not the best box, which just Probably not the best box, which just Probably not the best box, which just means [music] I gave you an opportunity means [music] I gave you an opportunity means [music] I gave you an opportunity to go get it yourself, right? Now if you to go get it yourself, right? Now if you to go get it yourself, right? Now if you did skip to the rip, just make sure you did skip to the rip, just make sure you did skip to the rip, just make sure you go back to the beginning. We do give you go back to the beginning. We do give you go back to the beginning. We do give you guys some information about some of the guys some information about some of the guys some information about some of the cards and some of the inserts that we cards and some of the inserts that we cards and some of the inserts that we may not have seen here during the rip. may not have seen here during the rip. may not have seen here during the rip. Make sure you guys like, comment, and Make sure you guys like, comment, and Make sure you guys like, comment, and subscribe. I mean, we really want to subscribe. I mean, we really want to subscribe. I mean, we really want to hear from you. Is there anything that hear from you. Is there anything that hear from you. Is there anything that you're excited about that we didn't you're excited about that we didn't you're excited about that we didn't speak [music] about? Or do you share the speak [music] about? Or do you share the speak [music] about? Or do you share the same love with some of the cards that same love with some of the cards that same love with some of the cards that you see here that we spoke about today? you see here that we spoke about today? you see here that we spoke about today? [music] Until next time, thank you guys [music] Until next time, thank you guys [music] Until next time, thank you guys so much for ripping with us, and I hope so much for ripping with us, and I hope so much for ripping with us, and I hope you have an amazing time [music] ripping you have an amazing time [music] ripping you have an amazing time [music] ripping this product.