I'm taking my boards in less than a
month and I've barely studied. This is
going to be the first video of um a
series of videos where I just cram as
much information into my brain as
possible. Today I'm going to try to fit
in eight blocks of 40 questions, so a
full length exam. I have this 30-day
study planner that I got from Korea.
Okay, I missed it.
My dad is watching it on the TV. His is
4 seconds faster than mine, so I can
hear him
screaming.
What happened?
I should just watch it with my dad.
Insta360 recently came out with a Hello
Kitty version of their Go Ultra, so I'm
going to show you everything that's in
[music] their bundle. First off, it
comes with a bag. Everything fits so
perfectly into this. [music] It comes
with a detachable strap, so you can use
it as a shoulder bag and carry it
[music] around like this. Look at how
freaking adorable this camera is. I love
the little Hello Kitty details. [music]
There's Hello Kitty on the front. The
record button has a Hello Kitty bow. If
you flip the screen out, there's also
Hello Kitty on the back. [music]
comes with the accessories that are
usually included in the other bundles,
but [music] in pink. This clip is in
pink. This magnetic pendant is in pink.
They also have a pink charger, and
there's also a strap with a little bow
detail, [music] and it also comes with
this pink tripod. I actually really like
using tripods with my Insta360s. The
legs on this tripod actually pop out a
lot easier than the other tripods
[music] that I've used. You can get the
same bundle without the Hello Kitty in
white and black. Spec-wise, everything
is the same as the original [music] Go
Ultra. It's just Hello Kitty themed.
It's still super lightweight and
pocket-size, so it's easy to carry
everywhere you go. It shoots [music] up
to 4K at 60 frames per second and has
strong low-light performance. The
standalone camera can be detached from
the action pod, and it's magnetic, so
[music] you can stick it on any metal
surface and play around with different
angles. You can use the magnetic pendant
for [music] hands-free POV shots. It
also has a removable SD card, which
makes exporting footage and managing
storage so much easier. It also has
really good battery life, lasting up to
200 [music] minutes of filming in 1080p
with the action pod. You can get up to
21% off using my code Yura or the link
in my description. Thank you to Insta360
for sponsoring this video.
How is this magnetic? It literally looks
like wood.
No.
I know you're not.
Hey David, can I have one?
You've adapted over and over. You
succeeded because of your dedication and
the support you received along the way.
You earned
this moment, and I hope you take it
6 long years.
6 years later.
On my way to go to a cafe to get some
work done. I woke up super early today.
Couldn't go back to sleep, so I just
decided to come out early, but it's rush
hour right now and it's going to take so
long to get to the cafe. The
consequences of being an early bird.
I'm trying to tell me to do it.
A lot of the blue has faded out and I
actually really like my hair color right
now. When I was in Japan, I was crashing
out about balding. Growing up, I never
had issues with thin hair. Like if
anything, I had too much hair. So, this
was my first bald crisis, you know? As
soon as I got to the states, I started
using a bunch of hair growth scalp care
products and my hair is growing back.
So, I'm going to show you the products
that I used. This was not a controlled
experiment, so I don't know which
products helped and which didn't cuz I I
just started using everything all at
once. I'm going to go in order. So,
before I take a shower, I went in with
this Bondi Boost clarifying rinse. I
think you're supposed to use this like
once a week, but I was kind of
panicking, so I used it like two to
three times a week. And then before I
shampooed, I went in with this scalp
scrub. This scrub I used two to three
times a week, so in between shampooing,
I would use this instead of shampoo. And
then I used this Rito Shot scalp
shampoo. Clearly, I've done some damage.
For scalp treatment, I alternated
between these two. Dr. Groot's scalp
revitalizing solution. This kind of
turns into like a slimy texture. This is
the Labo H scalp capsule treatment. I've
heard really good things about both of
these brands. Honestly, all of these
brands, they're known for hair growth.
Clearly, it works. After I shower, I
would dry my hair, and then I would use
this VT PDRN Rito Shot hair ampoule.
This is the 300. I believe they have
higher doses. Last step, I would use the
Aromatica rosemary root enhancer. These
two products, I don't know if they like
work better than the other ones, but
they just make my scalp feel so
refreshing. Like the minty I used
toothpaste on my scalp type of feeling,
these.
Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to
[singing] you.
Woo.
Oh.
