I am giving you a challenge.  Take it I am giving you a challenge.  Take it I am giving you a challenge.  Take it from there and walk across it completely. from there and walk across it completely. from there and walk across it completely. [laughter] I kept my truth hidden from you all [laughter] I kept my truth hidden from you all [laughter] I kept my truth hidden from you all until today.  I am not a day rower. until today.  I am not a day rower. until today.  I am not a day rower. I am Spider.  [Music] I am Spider.  [Music] I am Spider.  [Music] Here she comes. Here she comes. Here she comes. Look Look Look brother, the trapping is left and the nail is found here. brother, the trapping is left and the nail is found here. brother, the trapping is left and the nail is found here. Thankfully I am not looking for anyone.   Don't Thankfully I am not looking for anyone.   Don't Thankfully I am not looking for anyone.   Don't push me. push me. push me. Sir ji please friend please give it.  I have Sir ji please friend please give it.  I have Sir ji please friend please give it.  I have seen such scenes.  Suppose one person went like this.   You got a seen such scenes.  Suppose one person went like this.   You got a seen such scenes.  Suppose one person went like this.   You got a bone on the back of your hand.  The hand went completely back. bone on the back of your hand.  The hand went completely back. bone on the back of your hand.  The hand went completely back. Yes sir.  How are you?  Bye Yes sir.  How are you?  Bye Yes sir.  How are you?  Bye problem.  So today's vlog is going to be very cool after a long problem.  So today's vlog is going to be very cool after a long problem.  So today's vlog is going to be very cool after a long time.  So brother, I was time.  So brother, I was time.  So brother, I was not posting long vlogs for a long time. not posting long vlogs for a long time. not posting long vlogs for a long time. After the last Vrindavan, we had stopped making vlogs After the last Vrindavan, we had stopped making vlogs After the last Vrindavan, we had stopped making vlogs because there is a patient in our house because there is a patient in our house because there is a patient in our house who keeps falling ill.  And the who keeps falling ill.  And the who keeps falling ill.  And the real smell of our house sits in the back.  But this real smell of our house sits in the back.  But this real smell of our house sits in the back.  But this disease, oh disease, tell me what happened to you. disease, oh disease, tell me what happened to you. disease, oh disease, tell me what happened to you. I had fever and I was also afraid I had fever and I was also afraid I had fever and I was also afraid that I might have typhoid or something.  Typhoid that I might have typhoid or something.  Typhoid that I might have typhoid or something.  Typhoid etc. and intoxication etc. and intoxication etc. and intoxication typhoid etc. typhoid etc. typhoid etc. listen it may be it may listen it may be it may not be it may be it is it may be it did not be it may be it is it may be it did not happen like this not happen like this not happen like this I thought that the girl is feeling better today so let's go and have I thought that the girl is feeling better today so let's go and have I thought that the girl is feeling better today so let's go and have some fun today some fun today some fun today because for some time I was also feeling a bit low because for some time I was also feeling a bit low because for some time I was also feeling a bit low and at the same time these and at the same time these and at the same time these people were also feeling a bit low, have people were also feeling a bit low, have people were also feeling a bit low, have you ever been to tramplin park you ever been to tramplin park you ever been to tramplin park I have never been to it I have never seen it so if I go I will I have never been to it I have never seen it so if I go I will I have never been to it I have never seen it so if I go I will tell you, have you tell you, have you tell you, have you ever been to tramplin park, ever been to tramplin park, ever been to tramplin park, son I used to jump on mattresses only brother since childhood we used to keep them on mattresses.  When I was brother since childhood we used to keep them on mattresses.  When I was brother since childhood we used to keep them on mattresses.  When I was little, I used to jump on mattresses and quilts.   I do little, I used to jump on mattresses and quilts.   I do n't know, God is always kind to us. n't know, God is always kind to us. n't know, God is always kind to us. Whenever we have gone out Whenever we have gone out Whenever we have gone out to make our vlogs, the weather has always been to make our vlogs, the weather has always been to make our vlogs, the weather has always been great.   It is great.   It is great.   It is raining very heavily. raining very heavily. raining very heavily. What is this? What is this? What is this? Put it inside. Put it inside. Put it inside. You are gone son. You are gone son. You are gone son. Put it inside. Put it inside. Put it inside. Travelling alone in vehicles. Travelling alone in vehicles. Travelling alone in vehicles. Put it inside.   Take it. Put it inside.   Take it. This is my phone. This is my phone. This is my phone. Put this back inside. Put this back inside. Put this back inside. Where is mom? Where is mom? Where is mom? Put it inside.  Sister, you have to keep this in. Put it inside.  Sister, you have to keep this in. Put it inside.  Sister, you have to keep this in. Dude, put it in.  I will not bring it in the car from Dude, put it in.  I will not bring it in the car from Dude, put it in.  I will not bring it in the car from next time.  Come in this car next time.  Come in this car next time.  Come in this car with respect, come with respect. with respect, come with respect. with respect, come with respect. Laundiya [Music] I took you along with me.   Do Laundiya [Music] I took you along with me.   Do n't play it inside.  Don't play with it.  I am n't play it inside.  Don't play with it.  I am n't play it inside.  Don't play with it.  I am not the one whose flower has broken, I will find it and break it. not the one whose flower has broken, I will find it and break it. not the one whose flower has broken, I will find it and break it. All that will come soon. All that will come soon. All that will come soon. Yes brother, we have reached Traplin Yes brother, we have reached Traplin Yes brother, we have reached Traplin Park.  And we bought the tickets etc. Park.  And we bought the tickets etc. Park.  And we bought the tickets etc. But after coming here we came to know But after coming here we came to know But after coming here we came to know that the ticket price we had thought would be that the ticket price we had thought would be that the ticket price we had thought would be ₹100 extra.  You will have to wear socks inside too, ₹100 extra.  You will have to wear socks inside too, ₹100 extra.  You will have to wear socks inside too, brother.  And on top of that, people are saying that it is brother.  And on top of that, people are saying that it is brother.  And on top of that, people are saying that it is raining.  If you are wet, you will raining.  If you are wet, you will raining.  If you are wet, you will not be allowed entry. not be allowed entry. not be allowed entry. Sister, you are excited today.   Yes, Sister, you are excited today.   Yes, Sister, you are excited today.   Yes, you have known school for so many days.  Your you have known school for so many days.  Your you have known school for so many days.  Your school teacher will also see it.  She is on sick leave school teacher will also see it.  She is on sick leave school teacher will also see it.  She is on sick leave and playing here in the travel park. and playing here in the travel park. and playing here in the travel park. Rest brother, I will not take the name of this place. Rest brother, I will not take the name of this place. Rest brother, I will not take the name of this place. He did not pay me for promotion. He did not pay me for promotion. He did not pay me for promotion. Brother, you came here with so much hard work and Brother, you came here with so much hard work and Brother, you came here with so much hard work and songs are playing here.  The strike will come songs are playing here.  The strike will come songs are playing here.  The strike will come brother.  She is taking socks.  After that brother.  She is taking socks.  After that brother.  She is taking socks.  After that brother watched the safety video.  It happens brother watched the safety video.  It happens brother watched the safety video.  It happens like video is very important for dogs like video is very important for dogs like video is very important for dogs and also for humans like you can and also for humans like you can and also for humans like you can come back from the touch of death [music].   Turn down the come back from the touch of death [music].   Turn down the come back from the touch of death [music].   Turn down the volume a bit.  If I am volume a bit.  If I am volume a bit.  If I am making a vlog like this then it will get a strike, making a vlog like this then it will get a strike, making a vlog like this then it will get a strike, please. please. please. She is in such a hurry that she has reached there first. She is in such a hurry that she has reached there first. Well, it doesn't do anything.  Take off your shoes and wear them yourself today. Well, it doesn't do anything.  Take off your shoes and wear them yourself today. Come come mom come. Come come mom come. Come come mom come. Hey, come on. Hey, come on. Hey, come on. My mother is scared everywhere, friend.  Come quickly. My mother is scared everywhere, friend.  Come quickly. [laughs] First of all, brother, no matter where it is, Riya brother, no matter where it is, Riya brother, no matter where it is, Riya disappears as soon as she arrives.  I am not able to find Riya. disappears as soon as she arrives.  I am not able to find Riya. disappears as soon as she arrives.  I am not able to find Riya. Where has Riya gone? Where has Riya gone? Where has Riya gone? Where is Riya standing, friend?  Where did it go?  She was Where is Riya standing, friend?  Where did it go?  She was Where is Riya standing, friend?  Where did it go?  She was here just now. here just now. here just now. Oye yes yes yes.  Yours, oh yours, Oye yes yes yes.  Yours, oh yours, Oye yes yes yes.  Yours, oh yours, you make me very dangerous. you make me very dangerous. you make me very dangerous. [laughs] I am giving you a challenge, I will take it giving you a challenge, I will take it giving you a challenge, I will take it from there and show it to the entire crossing, from there and show it to the entire crossing, from there and show it to the entire crossing, come on, I will go there and stop, stand and come back, it will come on, I will go there and stop, stand and come back, it will come on, I will go there and stop, stand and come back, it will fall like this, it will fall like this, oh fall like this, it will fall like this, oh fall like this, it will fall like this, oh friend, you are scared even here, friend, friend, you are scared even here, friend, friend, you are scared even here, friend, you are very scared, friend sister, I am holding it, come you are very scared, friend sister, I am holding it, come you are very scared, friend sister, I am holding it, come quickly, friend, I am not holding it, it will not quickly, friend, I am not holding it, it will not quickly, friend, I am not holding it, it will not move, I am holding it, come come sit and come come move, I am holding it, come come sit and come come [laughter] it is not hurt, isn't it, hurt, isn't it, hurt, isn't it, hey [laughter] hey [laughter] hey [laughter] hey friend Tushar bhai, you run one two three Tushar bhai, you run one two three Tushar bhai, you run one two three sit down, hey, do it sit down, hey, do it sit down, hey, do it brother, I did not do it, how could I brother, I did not do it, how could I brother, I did not do it, how could I curse, this curse, this curse, this fall, fall, oh fall, I had kept my truth fall, fall, oh fall, I had kept my truth fall, fall, oh fall, I had kept my truth hidden from you all till today, I am hidden from you all till today, I am hidden from you all till today, I am not Jatin Raver, I am fight and my name is John C, come on, mummy, one two, come on, mummy, one two, come on, mummy, one two, yes, we have not come, yes, we have not come, yes, we have not come, hey brother, brother, hey brother, brother, hey brother, brother, you also go, I will not let you climb up.  [laughs] Come come come brother, she has started crying again even in this vlog.   Do n't do it friend, don't do it friend. n't do it friend, don't do it friend. n't do it friend, don't do it friend. Brother, look at Riya, she is from a completely different Brother, look at Riya, she is from a completely different Brother, look at Riya, she is from a completely different world.  This is the first time world.  This is the first time world.  This is the first time I am seeing this here.  This is also there.  Come son. I am seeing this here.  This is also there.  Come son. I am seeing this here.  This is also there.  Come son. Oh, take it. So brother, I am going to challenge you. So brother, I am going to challenge you. So brother, I am going to challenge you. Brother, we have to go till where this is. Brother, we have to go till where this is. Brother, we have to go till where this is. Touch the wall and go back here.  No fittings are to be Touch the wall and go back here.  No fittings are to be Touch the wall and go back here.  No fittings are to be dropped brother.   I dropped brother.   I dropped brother.   I definitely won't drop it. definitely won't drop it. definitely won't drop it. Sure promise. Sure promise. Sure promise. Sure promise, promise. Sure promise, promise. Sure promise, promise. I swear by my YouTube family. Brother, he got himself hurt.   The Brother, he got himself hurt.   The Brother, he got himself hurt.   The man does not feel pain. man does not feel pain. man does not feel pain. Hey brother, did you want to get hurt here too Hey brother, did you want to get hurt here too Hey brother, did you want to get hurt here too ? ? ? You will not go.  Don't push me. You will not go.  Don't push me. You will not go.  Don't push me. Jatin please friend please please friend Jatin no Jatin please friend please please friend Jatin no Jatin please friend please please friend Jatin no friend don't give it friend Jatin don't give it friend. friend don't give it friend Jatin don't give it friend. friend don't give it friend Jatin don't give it friend. That's me these mice are going to be.  Hey rat, That's me these mice are going to be.  Hey rat, That's me these mice are going to be.  Hey rat, by the way, its teeth are also like a rat's. by the way, its teeth are also like a rat's. by the way, its teeth are also like a rat's. Here she comes. Here she comes. Here she comes. Look Look Look brother, a nail has been found here in the Trapping Park.  Thankfully I did brother, a nail has been found here in the Trapping Park.  Thankfully I did brother, a nail has been found here in the Trapping Park.  Thankfully I did not go looking for anyone. not go looking for anyone. not go looking for anyone. Brother, look carefully.  There should be no nails etc. Brother, look carefully.  There should be no nails etc. Brother, look carefully.  There should be no nails etc. here.   Do here.   Do here.   Do n't know about the nail.  No no, there is no one n't know about the nail.  No no, there is no one n't know about the nail.  No no, there is no one else, there is else, there is else, there is another nail too, no no, it is another nail too, no no, it is another nail too, no no, it is plastic, still plastic, still plastic, still brother, there are nails inside the tramlin park, brother, there are nails inside the tramlin park, brother, there are nails inside the tramlin park, brother, thankfully, none of us have been hurt brother, thankfully, none of us have been hurt brother, mom, it's going on a lot, only 20 brother, mom, it's going on a lot, only 20 brother, mom, it's going on a lot, only 20 [nasal voice] minutes are left, [nasal voice] minutes are left, [nasal voice] minutes are left, mom, let me do some fun, come, he has fallen [laughs] he has gone, he has gone to the fallen [laughs] he has gone, he has gone to the fallen [laughs] he has gone, he has gone to the buffalo farm. buffalo farm. buffalo farm. In form.  Climb on it.   The In form.  Climb on it.   The In form.  Climb on it.   The buffalo is gone, come into the water. buffalo is gone, come into the water. buffalo is gone, come into the water. Climb on top of it here. Climb on top of it here. Climb on top of it here. Hey come.  Brother, this poor girl is stuck in the middle. Hey come.  Brother, this poor girl is stuck in the middle. Hey come.  Brother, this poor girl is stuck in the middle. Riya, catch it, catch it.  Catch after catch. Riya, catch it, catch it.  Catch after catch. Riya, catch it, catch it.  Catch after catch. Hey friend, show me, show me.  Take it and catch it.  Riya Hey friend, show me, show me.  Take it and catch it.  Riya Hey friend, show me, show me.  Take it and catch it.  Riya catch it.  [Music] Hey brother, brother, brother, what?   The Hey brother, brother, brother, what?   The Hey brother, brother, brother, what?   The time is up now.  And brother, I am time is up now.  And brother, I am time is up now.  And brother, I am telling the truth.  The situation has become bad.  And now telling the truth.  The situation has become bad.  And now telling the truth.  The situation has become bad.  And now we will go get something to eat.  I am feeling very we will go get something to eat.  I am feeling very we will go get something to eat.  I am feeling very hungry.   I had so much hungry.   I had so much hungry.   I had so much fun.  [laughter] That was so much fun.  [laughter] That was so much fun.  [laughter] That was so much fun.   It will be so much fun.   It will be so much fun.   It will be so much fun.  Will you come again? fun.  Will you come again? fun.  Will you come again? By the way brother, should we see something? By the way brother, should we see something? By the way brother, should we see something? One hour is enough for you.   That One hour is enough for you.   That One hour is enough for you.   That 's enough brother, really. 's enough brother, really. 's enough brother, really. Brother, if you also come then one hour is enough Brother, if you also come then one hour is enough Brother, if you also come then one hour is enough and take care of yourself.  Take care of these hands and legs. and take care of yourself.  Take care of these hands and legs. and take care of yourself.  Take care of these hands and legs. okay brother.  It hurts. okay brother.  It hurts. okay brother.  It hurts. Look, he is injured.  Brother, Look, he is injured.  Brother, Look, he is injured.  Brother, hands and legs definitely get broken here.  So finally brother, we have hands and legs definitely get broken here.  So finally brother, we have hands and legs definitely get broken here.  So finally brother, we have played played played inside our trampoline.  Sister, I enjoyed it. inside our trampoline.  Sister, I enjoyed it. inside our trampoline.  Sister, I enjoyed it. Very much.  She never says thank you to me, Very much.  She never says thank you to me, Very much.  She never says thank you to me, ever, for anything. ever, for anything. ever, for anything. Now I put it together at home. Now I put it together at home. Now I put it together at home. Oh!  Meaning, if we had stayed together, we would not have been respected.   She Oh!  Meaning, if we had stayed together, we would not have been respected.   She is such a thief.  What were you doing right now? is such a thief.  What were you doing right now? is such a thief.  What were you doing right now? We have just come from there.  She was picking up someone else We have just come from there.  She was picking up someone else We have just come from there.  She was picking up someone else 's socks from here.  She was picking up someone else's socks from here. 's socks from here.  She was picking up someone else's socks from here. We have just bought socks from inside.  She's We have just bought socks from inside.  She's We have just bought socks from inside.  She's picking up someone else's socks from here.  We have arrived. picking up someone else's socks from here.  We have arrived. picking up someone else's socks from here.  We have arrived. What? What? What? That one. That one. That one. Which one? Which one? Which one? Brother.   Leave it. Brother.   Leave it. Brother.   Leave it. Swinging in our car should cost ₹100 Swinging in our car should cost ₹100 Swinging in our car should cost ₹100 per round.   You have to per round.   You have to per round.   You have to come in the real car and travel around in the fake car. come in the real car and travel around in the fake car. Then the same thing will arise if the person is poor. Then the same thing will arise if the person is poor. Then the same thing will arise if the person is poor. Brother, what kind of a person is he? Brother, what kind of a person is he? Brother, what kind of a person is he? I have seen such scenes inside the park that so many things got I have seen such scenes inside the park that so many things got I have seen such scenes inside the park that so many things got broken for people, brother, in crooked ways, suppose broken for people, brother, in crooked ways, suppose broken for people, brother, in crooked ways, suppose one person went in such a way that a bone came out at the back of his hand and his one person went in such a way that a bone came out at the back of his hand and his one person went in such a way that a bone came out at the back of his hand and his entire hand went back. entire hand went back. entire hand went back. Meaning you took it to such a place to get it broken. Meaning you took it to such a place to get it broken. Meaning you took it to such a place to get it broken. [laughter] By [laughter] By [laughter] By making the bread myself. making the bread myself. making the bread myself. Brother, now we have come to McDonald's.  That Brother, now we have come to McDonald's.  That Brother, now we have come to McDonald's.  That too on the request of sister Riya.  Yes madam, are you too on the request of sister Riya.  Yes madam, are you too on the request of sister Riya.  Yes madam, are you enjoying it? enjoying it? enjoying it? So brother, she has been insisting on So brother, she has been insisting on So brother, she has been insisting on McDonald's for so many days. Once, he said McDonald's and brought her a McDonald's for so many days. Once, he said McDonald's and brought her a McDonald's for so many days. Once, he said McDonald's and brought her a Readymade Burger. Readymade Burger. Readymade Burger. Riya, the poorest of the poor, poor brother, I was thinking that I will Riya, the poorest of the poor, poor brother, I was thinking that I will Riya, the poorest of the poor, poor brother, I was thinking that I will sit in the car and eat a burger, I will look sit in the car and eat a burger, I will look sit in the car and eat a burger, I will look very rich, I did not eat it sitting there, I very rich, I did not eat it sitting there, I very rich, I did not eat it sitting there, I picked it up and brought it picked it up and brought it here, you bastard, you are poor because of your habit, look, look at her teeth, they look yellow like chutney, rest brother, did you all enjoy it, it was great, friend, I really enjoyed it, to tell you the truth brother, I enjoyed it a lot, I am also very tired here brother, it is a very tiring here, you bastard, you are poor because of your habit, look, look at her teeth, they look yellow like chutney, rest brother, did you all enjoy it, it was great, friend, I really enjoyed it, to tell you the truth brother, I enjoyed it a lot, I am also very tired here brother, it is a very tiring here, you bastard, you are poor because of your habit, look, look at her teeth, they look yellow like chutney, rest brother, did you all enjoy it, it was great, friend, I really enjoyed it, to tell you the truth brother, I enjoyed it a lot, I am also very tired here brother, it is a very tiring thing, by the way, one hour was enough, thankfully, thing, by the way, one hour was enough, thankfully, thing, by the way, one hour was enough, thankfully, we did not take much we did not take much we did not take much brother, I am really tired, so come on guys, let's do the brother, I am really tired, so come on guys, let's do the brother, I am really tired, so come on guys, let's do the vlog here and I hope vlog here and I hope vlog here and I hope you must have enjoyed this vlog a lot, you enjoyed it, you must have enjoyed this vlog a lot, you enjoyed it, you must have enjoyed this vlog a lot, you enjoyed it, quickly quickly quickly like, subscribe, what else do you do, like, subscribe, what else do you do, like, subscribe, what else do you do, comment comment comment and share [laughs] and share [laughs] and share [laughs] and share, and share, and share, after a long time [sound of clearing throat] I have after a long time [sound of clearing throat] I have after a long time [sound of clearing throat] I have posted a long vlog, rest keep the love, keep it, keep it, till then posted a long vlog, rest keep the love, keep it, keep it, till then posted a long vlog, rest keep the love, keep it, keep it, till then Jai Jai Jai Shri Shyam, Shri Shyam, Shri Shyam, Jai Shri Ram, Jai Shri Ram, Jai Shri Ram, Jai Shri Ram, you can tear it up.