This movie's called Project Handmary. This movie's called Project Handmary. This movie's called Project Handmary. And uh it's very good and the character And uh it's very good and the character And uh it's very good and the character he acts he acts kind of uh like he he acts he acts kind of uh like he he acts he acts kind of uh like he doesn't know anything in the movie. But doesn't know anything in the movie. But doesn't know anything in the movie. But then after a while he kind of then after a while he kind of then after a while he kind of learns how to do everything in the movie learns how to do everything in the movie learns how to do everything in the movie and it's very good and there's also a and it's very good and there's also a and it's very good and there's also a book of it if you're interested in the book of it if you're interested in the book of it if you're interested in the book. It looks like this. book. It looks like this. book. It looks like this. But I haven't I haven't read the book But I haven't I haven't read the book But I haven't I haven't read the book yet but I have watched the movie. yet but I have watched the movie. yet but I have watched the movie. And the movie is very good and uh And the movie is very good and uh And the movie is very good and uh as you can see uh there's the back right as you can see uh there's the back right as you can see uh there's the back right there. there. there. And there there's the front. And there there's the front. And there there's the front. There's the front. There's the front. There's the front. And the movie is very good and I'm And the movie is very good and I'm And the movie is very good and I'm hoping there's going to be a second hoping there's going to be a second hoping there's going to be a second movie of this coming out because the movie of this coming out because the movie of this coming out because the movie was quite good. And there's a lot movie was quite good. And there's a lot movie was quite good. And there's a lot they can do with just going to be a part they can do with just going to be a part they can do with just going to be a part two of this movie. two of this movie. two of this movie. And I won't spoil it for anybody but uh And I won't spoil it for anybody but uh And I won't spoil it for anybody but uh yeah if you it's a very good movie. yeah if you it's a very good movie. yeah if you it's a very good movie. And there's special features in this as And there's special features in this as And there's special features in this as well and deleted scenes on this one. well and deleted scenes on this one. well and deleted scenes on this one. This is a Blu-ray. This is a Blu-ray. This is a Blu-ray. And I got it second hand as you can see.