Of girls that I never Of girls that I never Of girls that I never thought for me.  My boyfriend ordered it thought for me.  My boyfriend ordered it thought for me.  My boyfriend ordered it for me today.  Obviously it was a for me today.  Obviously it was a for me today.  Obviously it was a surprise.  At first I thought I had ordered makeup items from Nykaa.   I have surprise.  At first I thought I had ordered makeup items from Nykaa.   I have ordered T-shirts for you. ordered T-shirts for you. ordered T-shirts for you. I too was a little confused after hearing the word T-shirt I too was a little confused after hearing the word T-shirt I too was a little confused after hearing the word T-shirt until I opened the packet.  Guys these are until I opened the packet.  Guys these are until I opened the packet.  Guys these are inbuilt bra top.  Wow, it feels so inbuilt bra top.  Wow, it feels so inbuilt bra top.  Wow, it feels so comfortable to wear this.  Only girls can comfortable to wear this.  Only girls can comfortable to wear this.  Only girls can understand this video. understand this video. understand this video. Aunty has ordered this large size. Aunty has ordered this large size. Aunty has ordered this large size. I think Excel will probably come out right or I think Excel will probably come out right or I think Excel will probably come out right or maybe large.  There is some confusion. maybe large.  There is some confusion. maybe large.  There is some confusion. But Kaku is so thoughtful, friend.  Friend, But Kaku is so thoughtful, friend.  Friend, But Kaku is so thoughtful, friend.  Friend, I have ordered this after thinking about all this. I have ordered this after thinking about all this. I have ordered this after thinking about all this. My stomach is churning. My stomach is churning. My stomach is churning. Now look, when I wore the top with proper jeans, Now look, when I wore the top with proper jeans, Now look, when I wore the top with proper jeans, how well it fit compared to the large size. how well it fit compared to the large size. how well it fit compared to the large size. Last is the blue color which Last is the blue color which Last is the blue color which I have paired with my gym pajamas. I have paired with my gym pajamas. I have paired with my gym pajamas. And it looks so good with this too, And it looks so good with this too, And it looks so good with this too, man.  This means you can wear them to the gym as well.  The man.  This means you can wear them to the gym as well.  The man.  This means you can wear them to the gym as well.  The price of this one T-shirt is ₹1500, at price of this one T-shirt is ₹1500, at price of this one T-shirt is ₹1500, at first it seemed expensive to me too. first it seemed expensive to me too. first it seemed expensive to me too. But the fabric of the T-shirt and the elastic are of But the fabric of the T-shirt and the elastic are of But the fabric of the T-shirt and the elastic are of very good quality.  To me, this very good quality.  To me, this very good quality.  To me, this T-shirt felt like velvet on my body. T-shirt felt like velvet on my body. T-shirt felt like velvet on my body. Now it felt like new clothes had arrived.  Let's go somewhere for a Now it felt like new clothes had arrived.  Let's go somewhere for a Now it felt like new clothes had arrived.  Let's go somewhere for a walk.  Neither is any step pricking me.   The walk.  Neither is any step pricking me.   The walk.  Neither is any step pricking me.   The body is relaxed.  No heaviness, feeling so breathable.  I had a body is relaxed.  No heaviness, feeling so breathable.  I had a body is relaxed.  No heaviness, feeling so breathable.  I had a lot of fun.  I am now going to lot of fun.  I am now going to lot of fun.  I am now going to check out more products like this on Nykaa. check out more products like this on Nykaa. check out more products like this on Nykaa.