Got my coffee. I've got my camera. But
most importantly, I have the newest
Illuminers Quest, the Great Hunting
Rescue, here in my hands, fresh out of
Gen Con. I can't [music] wait to open it
up and take a look and tell you all what
I think about this product and whether
or not I think it is a product [music]
for you. But before I jump in, I should
answer the question, what is Illumin for
anybody who's not familiar with this
product line? [music] Illumin's Quest
are standalone Disney Lana experiences
where you can play on your own or you
can team up with up to three friends
[music] to take on the big bad inside of
these boxes. The Great Hunter Rescue is
the third Illumin's quest in the Illumin
line. It started when you battled Ursula
in deep trouble and then when you stole
something from Jafar in Palace heist.
[music] And in this latest version, you
were teaming up with friends to defeat
the Vine, the latest big bad in Disney
Lana. Now, over time, these products
have been improving in terms of overall
design as well as the quality of the
components inside. And I have to tell
you, if you are thinking about buying
this product, whether you're an
experienced Disney Lana player or you're
thinking of jumping in for the very
first time, I think this is an excellent
product. And I can tell you that before
I even look on the inside based on my
past experiences with Palace Heist. Now,
if you have any background in board
games or TCGs, this product is fairly
easy to pick up and the rules do a
pretty good job of walking you through
how to play. The one caveat is that the
ability to play with more than two
people and the replayability really
comes from being able to craft your own
Disney Lana [music] decks. And so if
you're thinking of buying this product
to put on the shelf and play over and
over again for years and you don't
engage with the larger Disney Lana TCG,
[music] that's something you may want to
think about because with the included
decks, the replayability is going to be
only so good until you [music] start
crafting your own decks. But on the note
of replay-ability, I will say you will
probably have to play this through
multiple times, both on the easy mode
and the hard mode, in order to beat the
whole game your [music] first time. And
so don't worry about this being a
oneanddone the first time that you open
it. And the last note is the theming. If
you're a Winnie the Pooh or a Disney fan
and you have not [music] seen the art in
the characters in this box, it's
basically like Winnie the Pooh meets
Dungeons and Dragons in an adventuring
party. It's really, really cool. And so,
uh, if you haven't seen that before,
this is something you may want to pick
up just for that vibe and to get to
experience these characters [music] in
new ways. This product is being released
on October 2nd with an MSRP of $59.99.
And you can usually find them in your
local game store as well as big box
stores and online. But, of course, we
always encourage you to support local
game stores when you can. All right,
let's dive in and take a look. So, let's
take a look at the Great Honey Rescue.
[music] This is the latest in the
Illuminers Quest line. I do want to
quickly compare it to Palace Heist here.
Um, nice thing is we're getting a lot of
consistency [music] with the packaging
here, and I love how these look like
perfect side by side. [music] Deep
Trouble was very different. It came in a
very different box. Uh, but these are
definite upgrades. So, [music]
um, big fan of this. Uh, by the way, the
cover art is amazing. doing a great job
here and [music] it's just like the the
appeal um on the shelf like when this is
on its side is super cool. Um I just
overall I just think it's a great
product. Um
interestingly so if you on this side of
the box you can put it this way and now
the box is upside down and then if you
go this way the text is the opposite
direction. So [music] I don't know super
interesting. On the back here you'll see
the sticker that my daughter put on the
box. um as well as you know description
of the of the set [music] here. So um
yeah, it's just again packaging is
really great. Um I can't wait to dive
in. Let's do that now. You know, one of
the things about Illumin's Quest is
they're a great entry point for people.
Um [music] I think it's a little bit
harder to pick up and understand the
concept if you've never played a TCG
before. But even if you haven't, like
seeing this on like a Target shelf, I
think it can Oh, goodness gracious. I
feel like it could inspire someone to
pick up [music] a Disney Orana product
for the first time and try it out. Um,
just because it looks like a board game.
[music] So, I don't know. I'm a big fan
of these products for that reason. All
right. So, anyway, so for that reason
also, the packaging is super important.
Um,
all right. [music] So, right off the
bat, here we go. We're diving in. Okay.
So, this is the board on top. And this
is a great um this is a great thing. So
[music] Robinsburgger in the past has
done products I think like the first
Illumin where uh for example where they
didn't have like as solid of a board.
[music] Um but with the Illuminers Quest
you really want them to present
this wrapping up here. You really want
them to present like board games. Um and
so the quality of all the products or
all the components on the inside you
want to have that. Goodness gracious.
Easy pull tabs on these things would be
nice. All right. Yeah, you really want
all the all the products on the inside
to have the quality of board game
products. And uh that's what I think
we're seeing here. So, here's the the
board. Let me slide this off to the side
here. Um we'll get to that later. Uh
this is the board. Um
and it's really it's good quality here.
Folds out nice. And oh, this is super
cool. Okay, so on the back side here, um
you have this is overflowing the camera,
but [laughter]
you have the vines uh play area, uh the
vines [music] play row. Um and this will
go super nice for the gameplay. On the
other side, you have [music] the same
thing. Now, it's interesting. I don't
know why you have two different sides
here. It's exactly the same. The blue,
excuse me, and the green. Um, I wonder
if it's a case of just like that you
only need the board and they're like,
"You know what? We've got this negative
space in the back and we may as well do
something with it." And they're like,
"We'll just add another color like for
aesthetic purposes." That's super cool.
Um, [music] here we have the Great Honey
Rescue Rules uh book. And yeah, there we
go. Little [music] story in the front
here.
Um, QR code so you can learn more. Um,
okay. So this is this is it. So there's
a difficulty a normal and a hard
difficulty um [music] with the game
boards. And so depending on which side
you choose uh that changes the
difficulty of the game, which is a
really elegant way to do it. [music] Um
it's it's really simple rather than
forcing people to like change a deck
construction or something like that. Um
here this is showing the setup scenarios
and encounter cards that we're going to
see. And um yeah, so [music] super cool.
Um, and I mean it seems like a pretty
quick rule book. Um, it goes here's a
walk through [music] of the vine's turn
and the luminers's turn. And you know
what's interesting is we're also getting
more original art on the inside here.
Uh, which is great
because you didn't have see here again
you're getting original art here um on
the inside of the rule book which is
also yeah which is super great. You
don't have to do that. [music] Um, okay.
We'll put that over there. Um, before we
look at the decks, let's [music] take a
look at the deck boxes. Uh these look
like the same very similar to the same
deck boxes we've seen all the way
[music] since the first chapter. They're
very simple um pop out uh boxes. I'll
switch over this camera here. And
[music] um you real quick pop pop in and
boom. Now these are not deck boxes that
you want to necessarily be carrying to
lead night and everything. Like early on
they had deck boxes like this and
[music] um I don't know, they're great
for like sitting on the shelf and and
storing your products but not great for
carrying around. But um in a product
like this where you're simply looking to
[music] um you know keep the cards in
particular decks together like the vine
deck and the hero decks like this is
super great. So uh these are great. Here
are the hero decks. There's Christopher
Robin on that one. Um and there's the
vine [music] on this one. So or a vine
ling some sort of vineg. So yeah, these
are great. Um [music] good approved.
Put that over there.
Um oh goodness. So we've got some decks
here. I'm not going to take a look at
the decks just yet. We also have two do
not open. Um, and I'm not going to we're
going to ignore those for now. Um,
here are the decks. Let's finish taking
a look at the
components. So, these [music] are just
uh you know your damage counters. And
again, we're getting more high quality
products here. In in previous Disney
products of various types, [music]
um, they've been like punch outs, like
very thin punchouts, like from a thin
cardboard, like kind of like this type
of cardboard. And here, you know, we're
[music] getting standard like board game
style thickness on these, like good
quality. Um, so yeah, your damage
counters and everything you need to to
kind of play the game here. So, that's
great. I know damage counters are
interesting. Uh, I know most people
don't use them. We just use dice. But in
a in a in a product like this um where
you want to keep everything in the box,
take it out of the box and you also want
to make it easy to [music] understand
for like new players like if families
come over or um friends and you want to
play the game and you don't want to have
to explain that dice means damage
counters and all that. So having [music]
the actual physical damage counters is
great um cuz yeah it it just again it
feels like a board game. You want it to
be all self-contained. I also want to
comment before I open up the decks. I do
want to comment on the packaging again
in the boxes in [music] the box because
like we have had in the past where and
I'll throw deep trouble out there. Um
[music] the box doesn't isn't built to
like repackage the product and once you
bust it open it's open. In fact,
Robinsburgger, I would love to see a
re-release of Deep Trouble in the new
boxes. Like if you're not thinking about
that, I'm I'd be very very upset. Um or
at least some sort of man. Yeah, we need
something for deep trouble. Um so
anyway, so this is all built uh you know
they they do board games Robinsburg and
so this is all built to store everything
um to [music] package it all back up
really neatly and that's that's actually
kind of great. All right, so now I will
talk about these. I'm not going to open
them. Look, I know I' I got I get flack
on unboxing sometimes because like you
didn't open all the products. I'm like
look, these are not meant to be opened.
And I'm not going to do it for two
reasons. One, I don't want to spoil it
for anybody. Um, you can look it up
online, too. Um, [music] I don't want to
see them. Like, the package specifically
says that I can't open this until I've
defeated uh the Chamber Guardian, and so
I'm not going to do that. So, yeah.
[music] Um, so anyway, here are the the
two packages. What's great about this
set, in previous editions, we've gotten
one prize pack. Here, it this is
probably the the easy and the difficult
mode. Um, and you have two different
[music] playthroughs you can do to open
these surprise packs, which is a lot of
fun. Um, I [music] really like that. And
uh I love when you get the game that you
have something to look forward to when
you beat when you beat it. So kudos for
those. Okay, let's take a look at these.
So I'm going to [music] do um I'm
actually going to do the hero decks
first and then I'll do the vine deck. Um
so first hero deck here.
Um all right, super cool. Now for those
who aren't familiar with this product,
these will all be cards that we've seen
[music] before. So these are cards you
can get elsewhere. The neat thing is
though, often times in these decks, you
do get some cards with unique
treatments. And here are here's an
example. So, there's two things I notice
about this card right here. First off,
um the easy thing to notice is the the
vines that you're getting um [music]
around the border here, here. Um and
that denotes that this card comes from
this particular deck. It's the only way
to get this particular treatment.
The other thing is if you're if you pay
attention here, this is rainbow foiling.
Um, and normal pet foiling on Disney
Lana, um, is, [music] uh, silver pet
foiling, so you don't get the rainbow
effect. Epics get rainbow, but here,
unless I'm mistaken, I'm seeing rainbow
in the foiling, and so that's super
cool. The normal foil version of this
should be silver pet. Um, here we have
Violet Par. It's [music] cool to get two
members of the Incredibles family. I
wish we got the whole Yeah, it's usually
just two. I wish we got the whole family
with the vine treatment on it. That'd be
super cool, but we do have [music] just
Violet and um, Mr. are incredible. But
it's it is really cool to get unique
treatments from this set. Um here we
have [music] Tinkerbell. What's
interesting is even though this card is
printed as part of this set, you do have
[music] uh the fabled number here. Uh so
this is a a a fabled printing of
Tinkerbell Giant Fairy. Um she was of
course [music] in the first chapter. Um
it's interesting that we don't get some
sort of unique number for her, but they
simply just reprint the cards [music]
from previous sets, which is fine. Um,
here we have, you know, Jack Jack Hero
work and, um, this is, you know, the
deck list. [music]
I'll make sure they're posted in the
video description, but um, it's almost
doesn't make sense to go through all
these because these are all cards that
we've seen before [music]
um, in previous sets. The only thing
that's really cool are the special
treatments up front. So, I'm just going
to stop going through them here. But you
have um these decks are designed
specifically to do well um in this in
this game.
Um and I'm a big fan of keeping these
prepackaged [music]
to have like a a boxed experience uh
without altering them much. Um [music]
but I do like, you know, building my own
deck specifically for uh the scenario
and and [music] trying to change up what
I'm doing in order to defeat the vine
once I figure out what its game plan is
um and how it operates. So, um I
definitely like to keep these, you know,
on their own. [music]
Um but
I do think, yeah, it is really fun to to
prep for the exact scenario. Um here
again, we have uh unique treatments on
these. And here's the thing. I I think
this is one of the most [music]
beautiful cards in the set. It was one
of my top 10 pieces of art, this
Christopher Robin uh by Capic. And uh so
I think having this in like rainbow and
uh with this vine treatment is [music]
really really neat. It's going to be one
of the iconic cards in the set. Um and
then you get this Sven here. Uh this
card actually shows really well with the
rainbow foiling uh because you kind of
have this Arctic scene and the blue and
the purple. [music] Like when you get
that rainbow there, it's actually really
nice in person. So those are your two
unique cards. And then again we have um
you know other [music] cards here from
other sets. But it's it's appropriate. I
mean that we're getting the Winnie the
Pooh and Piglet. Um, and we're making
full use of Christopher Robin's uh,
gather the party ability, gathering all
the honey characters in this deck. So,
this is a multiolor deck. Uh, [music]
not just two colors, many colors. Um,
and we're seeing the effect here.
There's gopher, [music]
tiger, all these Winnie the Poo
characters coming in. So, it's cool that
they created this mechanic. Um, and then
we're getting like a a demo of this,
like how this works in [music] this box
set. Um, so whether or not you choose to
gather the party in any constructed
decks that you do in this [music]
format, uh, you're going to make maximum
use of that ability. And I think that's
really really great. And of course, it's
the Great Honey Rescue. So you have to
have you have to have some of the cards
that [music] are
um,
you have to have one of the decks that's
honey characters, right? Like this has
[music] to happen. Okay, this is what
I'm really excited for. So, one of the
one of the cool things about these box
sets when it comes to artwork is, you
know, we get over 200 pieces of unique
art for each set, plus enchanted, so
it's like 240 or something. Um, but in
these decks, we get to see some [music]
really cool original art. Uh, oftent
times it's the glimmers that have been,
you know, mutated or or something or
altered in some way. And so, here we're
getting to see I'm getting to see some
of this original [music] art from this
vine deck for the first time. Um, now I
don't know exactly how the vine works,
but you can generally get an idea um, as
[music] you look at these cards. I mean,
this vine here, this vine tendrils
coming into play for zero. I bet we're
going to have a bunch of those. So,
there's these simple tendrils that come
in. Enterplay exerted. Um, their
problem. Oo, I thought we were going to
get a couple. There's a lot. All right,
number one, entrance tunnel. Again,
original artwork here. We're getting to
see the Pooh characters there. [music]
Um, an artist I'm not familiar with. Um,
that's super cool. And you can see how
the color palette here is different than
other cards, denoting that they're vine
cards. Also, if you didn't notice, by
the way. Oh, wait. Oh, wait. Hold on.
We'll we'll go to that in a second. Um,
I forgot about that. So, here's Room of
Darkness. Um, it's another location.
Here we have the Vine Pod Chamber. And
again, look at all this original art.
Um, oh, this is the Garden of Hungry
Hungry V. This is amazing. Look [music]
at that. It's so Winnie the Pooh. Um,
here we have the staircase of thorns,
the story [music] star chamber. Oh,
there's a story star in here. Okay,
super cool. And now we're getting into
some
uh vining characters. Here's Emma
affected by the vine. Um, okay. Now, on
the back of these, here's the the
special backing we're getting the note
that is part of this specific specific
deck. Um, here we have Kron.
I'm trying to look at artists. Uh, Diego
Sat, another artist who's done fantastic
work this set. I think he did the Robin
Hood made Marion, did he not?
I have to double [music] check. Um,
another original vinyl. Bramble bully.
These are so like these are so giving
Kingdom Hearts here. Um, vine sprout.
There's Oh, Isabella Magical. I have not
seen her yet.
Oh, look at this. And the cool thing
when you look at the Vinlings, they're
like built out of leaves. Um, so and
other like plant parts, which is super
cool. Um, there's Pete,
there's Kruella. Great artwork here.
And budding stock, massive tendrils.
There's Rapunzel. Oh, I didn't know she
was a vining as well. That's super cool.
Um, [music] there a lot of the tangled
characters. There is a vine sprout.
Oh my goodness. Ming Lee made of the
vine again. All like plants and stuff.
Very cool.
More vines.
Fortown. Now, I kind of you kind of knew
that Fortown was going to be vinings
because there is one of the song cards
they have where they're actually
vinylings in the song card. Um, so like
that we kind of knew was coming. I felt
like I knew it was coming. All right, so
now accelerate growth. These are
actions. Look at them running away. Um,
no, look at owl. It's like so like the
eagles, you know, carrying um Gandalf
there. Um, catastrophic rupture here.
Here we're getting some wild growth.
This and we have our luminers here.
There's Shan and Venturo. Um,
keep going here. Uproot Rapunzel's
tower. Regenerate ink vortex.
Again, really cool original art. Um,
[music] unseen attack. There's beast
there.
Sam Burley is interesting. If I'm not
mistaken, Sam Burley is a magic artist.
Um, and uh, so it's really cool seeing
him cross over here. There's a lot of
locations.
Diego sto I love like this art is super
cool. Um, also I kind of missed this.
There's the bot, you know, [music] going
to town on uh the vine. Cut down. Great
art. Oh,
Piglet
and Sprouting Seed and Story Star Cage.
Um, [music] very cool. All right. Now,
there is some artwork that we missed
here. Hold on. I got to get this deck
together. [music] Uh because on the back
of some of these cards, you can see some
original characters as well. Um I think
the way that this functions in the game
is once you clear specific locations um
or meet certain challenges. Oh, these
are interesting. So these are different
backs. Then you get to you [music] get
the character on the other side and you
can leverage it. So these are the back
of these uh vine tendrils here. Um
again, I don't know the rules just yet,
so not sure how those work, but here.
Okay, so you're getting a Mickey on the
other side. I Yeah. So, these are
original to this set as well here. So,
these are not um these are like not part
of the monster deck in the way that it's
used by the monster in this in this
deck. So, the big bad, but um it is
original like an original hero card,
which is super cool. Um if you look uh
it's number one out of 37 here. Uh so,
it's not printed in a specific set uh
other than this. And then you get the
the symbol on the bottom for uh this
this specific deck as well. Shout out to
Gonzalo Kenny, a fantastic artist from
Argentina. Um, who's [music] a a friend,
big fan. All right. And over here,
Mary Dresden doing this. Rapunzel.
[music] Rescued from the darkness.
Interesting. So, rescued from the
entrance. Rescued from the darkness.
Okay, cool. Oh my goodness gracious. Um,
okay, that's
okay. So, here you go. Vine Pod Chamber
on the back. Chamber guardian. Um 520
wild um crazy. And then there's Sully
rescued from the garden.
Maleficent rescued from the staircase.
And you know it's interesting. This is
highlighting again how um in Disney
Orana these are not the original
characters. So she's a villain uh by
like canon but in this [music] instance
is helping to um banish the vine. Uh,
which is super cool because at times you
see villains and heroes working together
to accomplish certain objectives because
that's how it works in Disney [music]
Pana. Uh, the Vinema MA final
[clears throat] foe 630 that's on the
back of the story star chamber. So
again, this mechanic here where you do
something at the specific location uh
when illuminars complete this encounter,
flip this card over and add it to the
row. Um, yeah. So that's even more
original artwork they're getting on the
back of these cards. And then the rest
of these should just be, you know,
standard back. Um, so that's generally
[music] it. There's no dice or anything
that come with this. It is simply um we
get the do the math here. So there's the
the vine deck here. Um, we have two hero
decks, Christopher Robin [music] and um
you have Mr. Incredible. Of course, you
can create more uh that go along with
the set. The the board uh the deck
boxes, the instruction manual, and
everything [music] else. I will say
this, um, like the quality of these
products are very, very good. Um, I love
that you get these boxes here cuz
without them, the cards would just be
flopping around. The board is great
quality, the tokens are great quality,
so uh, the box is great quality. [music]
So, in terms of what you're paying for
um, in terms of product quality, this
will last. Um, the one downside of
course is that you need to buy sleeves
to sleeve up these cards if you want to
protect them and use them over and over
and over again. And with some of these
cards having unique treatments, um, I
think that's [music] something that most
people are going to want to do. Uh so
that's uh just a of course the challenge
is with the villain deck uh there are
double-sided so if you did sleeve those
cards you'd have to like unsleeve the
card and sleeve them again. That's one
of the downsides [music] to like modal
doubleface cards um is the fact that sle
them becomes challenging. So [music]
um that's I don't know that's one thing.
Um, so that's something like if I were
going to ask for one upgrade to this
product, uh, you know, Disney Lana does
all sorts of custom sleeves and so
various board game companies do sleeves
designed for specific games. It would be
interesting to see um, this bo and it
would it, you know, obviously cost more,
but it'd be interesting to see if there
were sleeves either designed
specifically for this box that you could
buy separately. Um, you know, like pay 6
or 5.99 to get [music]
um, Honey Wizard or Honey Mage sleeves
designed specifically for this hero
deck. Um, or Mr. incredible sleeves for
this or if they came with a box because
that's the one thing is you're [music]
going to have to go out uh to protect
these decks. I know most people sleep
their cards and you're going to [music]
have to buy extra um extra sleeves. The
one thing I will note, by the way, as
you're looking at the at these products,
they thought of that as though um
because these boxes are built big enough
here for um sleeved cards. So, if
[music] you put one, you know, deck in
here, you can see that it's it, you
know, it's kind of loose. Um, and that's
because again, yeah, this deck is
designed or this deck box is designed to
hold um, card sleeves. So, fear not. If
you're going to sleeve them, you can
still use these boxes here. Um, the rule
book seems great. Everything is great.
So, um, I think this is a fantastic
product. I think the theming, the vibe
is really great. The original artwork
that we get in the box is fantastic. And
for anybody who um, understands board
games, it's going to be really, really
simple to get them to understand how
this plays and to tackle this on a game
night. Um, I [music] would like to see
hopefully in the near future people are
posting some decks that they've created
for the specific um product so you can
build two, three, four or more [music]
um so that you can tackle this with
specific uh so you can tackle this with
more than two people. [music] Um do a
family game night with like four people.
Um so I'm really excited to start
building those. But um yeah, great
product. This is a home run. The theme
and the flavor is great. What do you all
think? Uh I think this product is going
to do very well. Let [music] me know if
you've played it, if you've opened it,
if you want to play it. Uh, and also let
me know in the comments when you have
beaten uh, this game on both normal and
hard mode. I want to know uh, when
people start tackling this boss and
defeating the vine, and I want to know
what decks you did it with. So, um,
thanks for watching and until next time,
don't forget to enjoy the magic.
