Guys, this money you see is my Guys, this money you see is my Guys, this money you see is my first payment on YouTube, for your first payment on YouTube, for your first payment on YouTube, for your love, today I got my first payment. love, today I got my first payment. love, today I got my first payment. My grandfather and I are going to the bank now. We are going to My grandfather and I are going to the bank now. We are going to My grandfather and I are going to the bank now. We are going to withdraw some money from the bank. We withdraw some money from the bank. We withdraw some money from the bank. We came to the ATM. Because I have never came to the ATM. Because I have never came to the ATM. Because I have never withdrawn money from an ATM, my grandfather was withdrawn money from an ATM, my grandfather was withdrawn money from an ATM, my grandfather was teaching me how to withdraw money from an ATM. teaching me how to withdraw money from an ATM. teaching me how to withdraw money from an ATM. First, I withdrew ৳100 First, I withdrew ৳100 First, I withdrew ৳100 and my grandfather withdrew the rest. This is all and my grandfather withdrew the rest. This is all and my grandfather withdrew the rest. This is all for you. Thank you so much to everyone. for you. Thank you so much to everyone. for you. Thank you so much to everyone. Look, now my Look, now my Look, now my grandfather has withdrawn the money. I withdrew it from the bank grandfather has withdrawn the money. I withdrew it from the bank grandfather has withdrawn the money. I withdrew it from the bank and I withdrew it from the ATM. Now and I withdrew it from the ATM. Now and I withdrew it from the ATM. Now your question is, how much money did I get? your question is, how much money did I get? your question is, how much money did I get? Who can tell me what I got? Our Who can tell me what I got? Our Who can tell me what I got? Our family will be very well off. When I got home, I family will be very well off. When I got home, I family will be very well off. When I got home, I saw that my father was not at home. I was waiting for him. saw that my father was not at home. I was waiting for him. saw that my father was not at home. I was waiting for him. And now, look, my father has come. And now, look, my father has come. And now, look, my father has come. This is my first payment. I have received so much money. My This is my first payment. I have received so much money. My This is my first payment. I have received so much money. My father has father has father has bought me sweets. Come and eat them. I have bought them. bought me sweets. Come and eat them. I have bought them.