You go inside. I'll see.
Hey listen, the police have come to Babli's house and raided it. Have you
raided?
Yes Anuj is holding his ears. I am folding my hands.
Babli has climbed up to the roof. Closed the door
from inside.
What if he used to turn on the light secretly? Yes,
I think that is the same thing. They used to turn on the lights secretly, it's the
same thing. He has AC,
cooler, fridge, induction etc. in his house and
till date he has not taken electricity connection.
How long will the government wait for then? Brother, if
not today then tomorrow the pot will burst.
Yes, where should the bride go?
Hey, hey man, the police have come to your house and
raided it. I think his house and prayers will
all be ruined. Used to light the stolen lights. Have been
caught. Joining hands and legs. I am
holding my ears. Babli has climbed up to the roof. The
door has been closed. Hey ji, can I
listen to you?
Yes sister, no problem.
Hey, the police have come to Anuj's house. Raids have been conducted.
Today Babli climbed up, yes Babli climbed up. The door to the terrace has been
closed. You were using stolen lights, you have been
caught. The
theft light came on.
Yes, I was using the stolen light for a long time. He is
joining his hands and legs and holding his ears. I
feel that Anuj's house will be raided. Will come on the
road. Sister, if they
use the light illegally, this is what will happen, right? If you
go to their house and see, they have AC, cooler,
fridge, induction, everything.
Tell me, such a huge bill must have come, who will pay it?
Now, will they be able to pay the bill? They will sell their house, walls,
land, even then they will not be able to pay it. They will become
beggars, will come on the road,
and they will be spit upon, that is a different matter.
How much insult and
disgrace there is when the police comes to their house,
what will people think? A
raid was conducted at their house, what else, there must have been a raid.
In two days, Babli climbed up and closed the door.
Anuj was pleading with folded hands.
Sister, let me tell you about it, in our times we used to get things done by
burning the Devri. Now
who will explain to these people?
Now uncle Anuj was folding his hands and legs. He was
holding his ears and saying that he would not switch on the light after today.
I think there will be a
riot at their place. Now everything including his house will be gone.
Kanuj. Do you have police ID at your home? Has the
raid been conducted? Hey uncle, he came to ask for the address.
Hide and find it. This is not an isolated case. This is a
matter of our entire village.
Uncle, I am not hiding it. I swear.
He just came to ask for the address.
Why were you hands and legs?
Hey, I was just saying that I do
n't want to get involved in police matters.
You people have gathered unnecessary crowd. I myself stay
away from all matters. No no no no.
Y
