Guys, get your shoes. WE GOT TO GO. Guys, get your shoes. WE GOT TO GO. Guys, get your shoes. WE GOT TO GO. HELLO, you guys. Currently 2:00 p.m. and HELLO, you guys. Currently 2:00 p.m. and HELLO, you guys. Currently 2:00 p.m. and we are just barely getting out of the we are just barely getting out of the we are just barely getting out of the house. I have a few errands that I need house. I have a few errands that I need house. I have a few errands that I need to run and I have both kids with me, so to run and I have both kids with me, so to run and I have both kids with me, so I'm hoping that they both just hang in I'm hoping that they both just hang in I'm hoping that they both just hang in there because we have some errands that there because we have some errands that there because we have some errands that we need to get done. The first stop is we need to get done. The first stop is we need to get done. The first stop is we need to go to Sherwin-Williams. I we need to go to Sherwin-Williams. I we need to go to Sherwin-Williams. I need to get a gallon of paint because need to get a gallon of paint because need to get a gallon of paint because we're having our front door repainted. we're having our front door repainted. we're having our front door repainted. Then we need to head over to TJ Maxx cuz Then we need to head over to TJ Maxx cuz Then we need to head over to TJ Maxx cuz I have a return that I need to make and I have a return that I need to make and I have a return that I need to make and then I would like to go to Hobby Lobby then I would like to go to Hobby Lobby then I would like to go to Hobby Lobby because I got a new bench for a little because I got a new bench for a little because I got a new bench for a little corner in our house that I need some corner in our house that I need some corner in our house that I need some decor to go on top of. So, we're going decor to go on top of. So, we're going decor to go on top of. So, we're going to see how far we get. We're taking you to see how far we get. We're taking you to see how far we get. We're taking you guys along with us. guys along with us. guys along with us. Hi. Hi. Hi. Find any good ones? Good one in there? Find any good ones? Good one in there? Find any good ones? Good one in there? Okay, we secured the goods. I'm going to Okay, we secured the goods. I'm going to Okay, we secured the goods. I'm going to put the paint in the car, but of course put the paint in the car, but of course put the paint in the car, but of course every time we go somewhere Crew always every time we go somewhere Crew always every time we go somewhere Crew always poops, so I'm going to change his diaper poops, so I'm going to change his diaper poops, so I'm going to change his diaper real fast. I would much rather change my real fast. I would much rather change my real fast. I would much rather change my kids in the back of the car than I ever kids in the back of the car than I ever kids in the back of the car than I ever would in like a public changing station. would in like a public changing station. would in like a public changing station. They honestly stick me out. They honestly stick me out. They honestly stick me out. Yes. Okay, that was successful. Now we are on Okay, that was successful. Now we are on Okay, that was successful. Now we are on our way to TJ Maxx to go and make that our way to TJ Maxx to go and make that our way to TJ Maxx to go and make that return. Okay, I just pulled up to TJ return. Okay, I just pulled up to TJ return. Okay, I just pulled up to TJ Maxx. The game plan is make the return Maxx. The game plan is make the return Maxx. The game plan is make the return and then go and quickly look at their and then go and quickly look at their and then go and quickly look at their decor. Let's go. decor. Let's go. decor. Let's go. And of course Crew fell asleep on the And of course Crew fell asleep on the And of course Crew fell asleep on the drive over here. How cute are those drive over here. How cute are those drive over here. How cute are those matching dresses? Change of plans, the matching dresses? Change of plans, the matching dresses? Change of plans, the line was super long. We're going to look line was super long. We're going to look line was super long. We're going to look and see if there's anything that we want and see if there's anything that we want and see if there's anything that we want to buy first and then make the return to buy first and then make the return to buy first and then make the return after. Okay, we secured the goods. I after. Okay, we secured the goods. I after. Okay, we secured the goods. I feel like every time I go to TJ Maxx I feel like every time I go to TJ Maxx I feel like every time I go to TJ Maxx I never come out with what I actually never come out with what I actually never come out with what I actually needed, but I come out with a bunch of needed, but I come out with a bunch of needed, but I come out with a bunch of random stuff. random stuff. random stuff. This is what we ended up getting at TJ This is what we ended up getting at TJ This is what we ended up getting at TJ Maxx. I got this cute little basket for Maxx. I got this cute little basket for Maxx. I got this cute little basket for Ivory's bathroom that I think will be Ivory's bathroom that I think will be Ivory's bathroom that I think will be nice to just kind of hold stuff in. And nice to just kind of hold stuff in. And nice to just kind of hold stuff in. And then candies are so good and I've only then candies are so good and I've only then candies are so good and I've only been able to get them at like really been able to get them at like really been able to get them at like really specialty candy shops, so I ended up specialty candy shops, so I ended up specialty candy shops, so I ended up getting a bunch of bags of these. And getting a bunch of bags of these. And getting a bunch of bags of these. And then I just got these little Nike socks then I just got these little Nike socks then I just got these little Nike socks for Crew. Now we're headed over to Hobby for Crew. Now we're headed over to Hobby for Crew. Now we're headed over to Hobby Lobby to see if we could find any of the Lobby to see if we could find any of the Lobby to see if we could find any of the decor that I needed for that little decor that I needed for that little decor that I needed for that little bench. And then maybe we'll stop and get bench. And then maybe we'll stop and get bench. And then maybe we'll stop and get a drink. a drink. a drink. I have two sleepy kids, so we need to I have two sleepy kids, so we need to I have two sleepy kids, so we need to make this quick. I am on the hunt for make this quick. I am on the hunt for make this quick. I am on the hunt for like a cute little pot and plant and like a cute little pot and plant and like a cute little pot and plant and then if they have some coffee table then if they have some coffee table then if they have some coffee table books, which I don't even know if they books, which I don't even know if they books, which I don't even know if they have that. And then maybe just anything have that. And then maybe just anything have that. And then maybe just anything else that I think is cute. Crew was not else that I think is cute. Crew was not else that I think is cute. Crew was not having the car, so now we're carrying having the car, so now we're carrying having the car, so now we're carrying him. But we might be totally striking him. But we might be totally striking him. But we might be totally striking out because I am not finding anything out because I am not finding anything out because I am not finding anything good. Okay, put it up there. That was a good. Okay, put it up there. That was a good. Okay, put it up there. That was a flop but we made it out with some flop but we made it out with some flop but we made it out with some Reese's Pieces for Ivory that we had to Reese's Pieces for Ivory that we had to Reese's Pieces for Ivory that we had to have. have. have. Well, that was a bust but now I know and Well, that was a bust but now I know and Well, that was a bust but now I know and I probably I'm going to either get what I probably I'm going to either get what I probably I'm going to either get what I need online or head to Target but I'm I need online or head to Target but I'm I need online or head to Target but I'm not going to do that today cuz I have not going to do that today cuz I have not going to do that today cuz I have two tired kids. We're probably just two tired kids. We're probably just two tired kids. We're probably just going to head home but thanks so much going to head home but thanks so much going to head home but thanks so much for running errands with us. Love you. for running errands with us. Love you. for running errands with us. Love you. Bye.