Guys, get your shoes. WE GOT TO GO.
HELLO, you guys. Currently 2:00 p.m. and
we are just barely getting out of the
house. I have a few errands that I need
to run and I have both kids with me, so
I'm hoping that they both just hang in
there because we have some errands that
we need to get done. The first stop is
we need to go to Sherwin-Williams. I
need to get a gallon of paint because
we're having our front door repainted.
Then we need to head over to TJ Maxx cuz
I have a return that I need to make and
then I would like to go to Hobby Lobby
because I got a new bench for a little
corner in our house that I need some
decor to go on top of. So, we're going
to see how far we get. We're taking you
guys along with us.
Hi.
Find any good ones? Good one in there?
Okay, we secured the goods. I'm going to
put the paint in the car, but of course
every time we go somewhere Crew always
poops, so I'm going to change his diaper
real fast. I would much rather change my
kids in the back of the car than I ever
would in like a public changing station.
They honestly stick me out.
Yes.
Okay, that was successful. Now we are on
our way to TJ Maxx to go and make that
return. Okay, I just pulled up to TJ
Maxx. The game plan is make the return
and then go and quickly look at their
decor. Let's go.
And of course Crew fell asleep on the
drive over here. How cute are those
matching dresses? Change of plans, the
line was super long. We're going to look
and see if there's anything that we want
to buy first and then make the return
after. Okay, we secured the goods. I
feel like every time I go to TJ Maxx I
never come out with what I actually
needed, but I come out with a bunch of
random stuff.
This is what we ended up getting at TJ
Maxx. I got this cute little basket for
Ivory's bathroom that I think will be
nice to just kind of hold stuff in. And
then candies are so good and I've only
been able to get them at like really
specialty candy shops, so I ended up
getting a bunch of bags of these. And
then I just got these little Nike socks
for Crew. Now we're headed over to Hobby
Lobby to see if we could find any of the
decor that I needed for that little
bench. And then maybe we'll stop and get
a drink.
I have two sleepy kids, so we need to
make this quick. I am on the hunt for
like a cute little pot and plant and
then if they have some coffee table
books, which I don't even know if they
have that. And then maybe just anything
else that I think is cute. Crew was not
having the car, so now we're carrying
him. But we might be totally striking
out because I am not finding anything
good. Okay, put it up there. That was a
flop but we made it out with some
Reese's Pieces for Ivory that we had to
have.
Well, that was a bust but now I know and
I probably I'm going to either get what
I need online or head to Target but I'm
not going to do that today cuz I have
two tired kids. We're probably just
going to head home but thanks so much
for running errands with us. Love you.
Bye.
