Hello Beauties, today we are going to do the Hello Beauties, today we are going to do the Hello Beauties, today we are going to do the real review of Very Miss Foundation. You all have seen real review of Very Miss Foundation. You all have seen real review of Very Miss Foundation. You all have seen its ads on Instagram saying that you want to try new things, Instagram saying that you want to try new things, Instagram saying that you want to try new things, so I so I so I ordered a full box of it. If you order just the foundation, it costs Rs. ordered a full box of it. If you order just the foundation, it costs Rs. ordered a full box of it. If you order just the foundation, it costs Rs. 250. There is no paid promotional video. 250. There is no paid promotional video. 250. There is no paid promotional video. I got the I got the I got the entire thing for Rs. 650, which includes a entire thing for Rs. 650, which includes a entire thing for Rs. 650, which includes a foundation. I ordered the number one shade for Compactlogics. ordered the number one shade for Compactlogics. ordered the number one shade for Compactlogics. And we will see how this foundation is. It claims to And we will see how this foundation is. It claims to And we will see how this foundation is. It claims to hide all the blemishes, so hide all the blemishes, so hide all the blemishes, so we will apply it and see what effect we will apply it and see what effect we will apply it and see what effect it has on my face. I already see it has on my face. I already see it has on my face. I already see how many marks I have, let's see if it can cover them how many marks I have, let's see if it can cover them how many marks I have, let's see if it can cover them or not. First of all, we will apply the or not. First of all, we will apply the or not. First of all, we will apply the primer. On top of that, I will apply the primer. First, primer. On top of that, I will apply the primer. First, primer. On top of that, I will apply the primer. First, I am applying the I am applying the I am applying the primer that came with it, it is a silicone base primer that came with it, it is a silicone base primer that came with it, it is a silicone base primer. And for a smooth application, I have primer. And for a smooth application, I have primer. And for a smooth application, I have taken a little primer and I have applied it. It is a taken a little primer and I have applied it. It is a Natural Glow and Daily Base Foundation. Natural Glow and Daily Base Foundation. Natural Glow and Daily Base Foundation. Shake it well. Its applicator is something like this. Its applicator is something like this. Its applicator is something like this. Earlier, it used to come in old foundations, Earlier, it used to come in old foundations, Earlier, it used to come in old foundations, I used this in Lakme etc. And now I am I used this in Lakme etc. And now I am I used this in Lakme etc. And now I am applying it with the help of my brush. Here's what it has. I am showing you the application at half pace. The I am showing you the application at half pace. The application is really very smooth and application is really very smooth and application is really very smooth and you can see the difference between the you can see the difference between the you can see the difference between the condition of the face here and how smooth it has become. condition of the face here and how smooth it has become. condition of the face here and how smooth it has become. I have applied it properly on both the sides. The I have applied it properly on both the sides. The I have applied it properly on both the sides. The foundation has light coverage. It is for foundation has light coverage. It is for foundation has light coverage. It is for daily use. It is a good foundation. It daily use. It is a good foundation. It daily use. It is a good foundation. It feels very light on the face. It does feels very light on the face. It does feels very light on the face. It does not require much effort. It is not require much effort. It is not require much effort. It is blending smoothly. You can blending smoothly. You can blending smoothly. You can do it with the help of a brush or with your fingers. do it with the help of a brush or with your fingers. do it with the help of a brush or with your fingers. Just a little applicator and a little bit like Just a little applicator and a little bit like Just a little applicator and a little bit like today's method. It would have been better. today's method. It would have been better. today's method. It would have been better. See, this is the look of the foundation. See, this is the look of the foundation. See, this is the look of the foundation. I applied a little lipstick and a little blush. I applied a little lipstick and a little blush. I applied a little lipstick and a little blush. After that, you can build up this foundation. After that, you can build up this foundation. After that, you can build up this foundation. Not very well, but Not very well, but Not very well, but this foundation is very good for daily use. You this foundation is very good for daily use. You this foundation is very good for daily use. You can purchase it. This is not a paid promotional can purchase it. This is not a paid promotional can purchase it. This is not a paid promotional video. It is a genuine review. If video. It is a genuine review. If video. It is a genuine review. If you liked it, then like, share you liked it, then like, share you liked it, then like, share and do share it with your family and friends. and do share it with your family and friends. and do share it with your family and friends. Take care of Take care of Take care of yourself. By Beauty