We're now doing a We're now doing a We're now doing a school-friendly makeup look for school-friendly makeup look for school-friendly makeup look for 14-year-olds.  First of all, I'd like to say that 14-year-olds.  First of all, I'd like to say that 14-year-olds.  First of all, I'd like to say that you don't need to wear makeup at 14. you don't need to wear makeup at 14. you don't need to wear makeup at 14. You are all so beautiful, of course. You are all so beautiful, of course. You are all so beautiful, of course. First I have to take off these pimpel patches, First I have to take off these pimpel patches, First I have to take off these pimpel patches, and it's important to know that we're and it's important to know that we're and it's important to know that we're going to school, not a going to school, not a going to school, not a club.  First and foremost, lip care is very important club.  First and foremost, lip care is very important club.  First and foremost, lip care is very important .  Hi, why can't I open them .  Hi, why can't I open them .  Hi, why can't I open them ? ? ? You didn't see that.  I You didn't see that.  I You didn't see that.  I love Carix Cherry.  Mhm.  It tastes so love Carix Cherry.  Mhm.  It tastes so love Carix Cherry.  Mhm.  It tastes so good.  At 14 I wouldn't good.  At 14 I wouldn't good.  At 14 I wouldn't use foundation at all, but if you use foundation at all, but if you use foundation at all, but if you have acne and feel uncomfortable and have acne and feel uncomfortable and have acne and feel uncomfortable and want to cover it up, then use a want to cover it up, then use a want to cover it up, then use a concealer.  I think the one from NYX is very concealer.  I think the one from NYX is very concealer.  I think the one from NYX is very good, because it's simply skincare, good, because it's simply skincare, good, because it's simply skincare, guys.  So, for example, I have here, guys.  So, for example, I have here, guys.  So, for example, I have here, here, here.  And of course, you can also here, here.  And of course, you can also here, here.  And of course, you can also cover your dark circles if they cover your dark circles if they cover your dark circles if they bother you.  Okay, let's just ignore this for now. bother you.  Okay, let's just ignore this for now. bother you.  Okay, let's just ignore this for now. Please ignore this. The Please ignore this. The Please ignore this. The concealer is much too light for me. Use a concealer is much too light for me. Use a concealer is much too light for me. Use a concealer in your skin tone.  Next, concealer in your skin tone.  Next, concealer in your skin tone.  Next, we'll create a school-friendly we'll create a school-friendly we'll create a school-friendly makeup look for 12-year-olds.  I look like makeup look for 12-year-olds.  I look like makeup look for 12-year-olds.  I look like a corpse right now.  You would a corpse right now.  You would a corpse right now.  You would look amazing.  Something else you can easily do at 14 look amazing.  Something else you can easily do at 14 look amazing.  Something else you can easily do at 14 is participate in something like this and is participate in something like this and is participate in something like this and simply groom your eyebrows nicely simply groom your eyebrows nicely simply groom your eyebrows nicely .  They would simply come into a nice shape .  They would simply come into a nice shape .  They would simply come into a nice shape .  Please don't forget [ahem], .  Please don't forget [ahem], .  Please don't forget [ahem], this is your life.  You can do whatever this is your life.  You can do whatever this is your life.  You can do whatever you want.  The next and you want.  The next and you want.  The next and final step is mascara.  Trust me, final step is mascara.  Trust me, final step is mascara.  Trust me, my darlings, you don't need anything more than my darlings, you don't need anything more than my darlings, you don't need anything more than concealer and mascara.  I love the concealer and mascara.  I love the concealer and mascara.  I love the pink Eowtreme from Essence.  That was also pink Eowtreme from Essence.  That was also pink Eowtreme from Essence.  That was also my very first makeup product and I my very first makeup product and I my very first makeup product and I still love it today.  And that was it. still love it today.  And that was it. still love it today.  And that was it. Which age should I Which age should I Which age should I choose next?