I'm visiting my hometown right now, and I'm visiting my hometown right now, and I'm visiting my hometown right now, and they just opened up a Sephora right by they just opened up a Sephora right by they just opened up a Sephora right by my house. And of course, they do it my house. And of course, they do it my house. And of course, they do it right after I move away. right after I move away. right after I move away. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Hoping they have a bunch of stuff in >> Hoping they have a bunch of stuff in >> Hoping they have a bunch of stuff in stock since they just opened it, and stock since they just opened it, and stock since they just opened it, and it's brand new. They should have it's brand new. They should have it's brand new. They should have everything in there that's always sold everything in there that's always sold everything in there that's always sold out. Fingers crossed. Never seen a out. Fingers crossed. Never seen a out. Fingers crossed. Never seen a Sephora this empty. An empty Sephora? Sephora this empty. An empty Sephora? Sephora this empty. An empty Sephora? Feels like I rented it out. There's two Feels like I rented it out. There's two Feels like I rented it out. There's two things I wanted to look for in Charlotte things I wanted to look for in Charlotte things I wanted to look for in Charlotte Tilbury, a [music] little like glow Tilbury, a [music] little like glow Tilbury, a [music] little like glow stick. stick. stick. Ooh, really like that for a blush, so Ooh, really like that for a blush, so Ooh, really like that for a blush, so we're going to grab it. I need this. It we're going to grab it. I need this. It we're going to grab it. I need this. It might have glitter in it. I don't know might have glitter in it. I don't know might have glitter in it. I don't know if I love that. I'm looking for Rhode. if I love that. I'm looking for Rhode. if I love that. I'm looking for Rhode. The eye patches are always sold out, but The eye patches are always sold out, but The eye patches are always sold out, but I feel like they would have them here. I feel like they would have them here. I feel like they would have them here. Here's Rhode. This is why I knew I loved Here's Rhode. This is why I knew I loved Here's Rhode. This is why I knew I loved this Sephora. They're always sold out, this Sephora. They're always sold out, this Sephora. They're always sold out, too. I guess I'll leave the last one for too. I guess I'll leave the last one for too. I guess I'll leave the last one for someone else. I really want to try the someone else. I really want to try the someone else. I really want to try the new Rhode bronzer. This is the lightest new Rhode bronzer. This is the lightest new Rhode bronzer. This is the lightest shade. shade. shade. That's pretty dark still. Oh, this is That's pretty dark still. Oh, this is That's pretty dark still. Oh, this is more like a cool tone. Going to ask if more like a cool tone. Going to ask if more like a cool tone. Going to ask if they have any more of this shade. We got they have any more of this shade. We got they have any more of this shade. We got one. This is why new Sephoras are the one. This is why new Sephoras are the one. This is why new Sephoras are the best. I knew they had it back there. Now best. I knew they had it back there. Now best. I knew they had it back there. Now I'm looking for Rare Beauty. I want to I'm looking for Rare Beauty. I want to I'm looking for Rare Beauty. I want to try their eye patches and the new lip try their eye patches and the new lip try their eye patches and the new lip oil stick. I don't see the eye patches. oil stick. I don't see the eye patches. oil stick. I don't see the eye patches. Here's the new lip oil stick, though. Here's the new lip oil stick, though. Here's the new lip oil stick, though. I like this shade. I like this shade. I like this shade. Ooh, Ooh, Ooh, I really like that, actually. Do they I really like that, actually. Do they I really like that, actually. Do they have my shade? They do. I don't have any have my shade? They do. I don't have any have my shade? They do. I don't have any sort of like lip oil stick. Added it in. sort of like lip oil stick. Added it in. sort of like lip oil stick. Added it in. Not seeing the eye patches. That might Not seeing the eye patches. That might Not seeing the eye patches. That might be the first thing this Sephora does not be the first thing this Sephora does not be the first thing this Sephora does not have in stock. I think they have them in have in stock. I think they have them in have in stock. I think they have them in the back. Thank you so much. Again, I the back. Thank you so much. Again, I the back. Thank you so much. Again, I knew they'd have it. I heard they came knew they'd have it. I heard they came knew they'd have it. I heard they came out with their water tint and a lip out with their water tint and a lip out with their water tint and a lip tint. Oh my god, yes, here it is. tint. Oh my god, yes, here it is. tint. Oh my god, yes, here it is. Basically be like a lip stain. How Basically be like a lip stain. How Basically be like a lip stain. How tinted is it? tinted is it? tinted is it? Ooh, it's like really watery. Going to Ooh, it's like really watery. Going to Ooh, it's like really watery. Going to go with the raspberry shade, more pink go with the raspberry shade, more pink go with the raspberry shade, more pink than a red, which I like. I did run out than a red, which I like. I did run out than a red, which I like. I did run out of my perfume. Also been wanting to try of my perfume. Also been wanting to try of my perfume. Also been wanting to try Leah's brand from Love Island. Everyone Leah's brand from Love Island. Everyone Leah's brand from Love Island. Everyone says the Double Dates is good. True says the Double Dates is good. True says the Double Dates is good. True Loves Cake. We're going to try. Loves Cake. We're going to try. Loves Cake. We're going to try. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Ooh, I think I like that. This one was Ooh, I think I like that. This one was Ooh, I think I like that. This one was my favorite. This is what I've been my favorite. This is what I've been my favorite. This is what I've been using for literally years. Best perfume using for literally years. Best perfume using for literally years. Best perfume ever. ever. ever. Found the travel spray of my perfume. Found the travel spray of my perfume. Found the travel spray of my perfume. Get this. I just sprayed this one, and Get this. I just sprayed this one, and Get this. I just sprayed this one, and it smells just as good as Cloud. I think it smells just as good as Cloud. I think it smells just as good as Cloud. I think I'm going to get this, too. I literally I'm going to get this, too. I literally I'm going to get this, too. I literally love this Sephora. They had every single love this Sephora. They had every single love this Sephora. They had every single thing in stock. there's nobody in here, thing in stock. there's nobody in here, thing in stock. there's nobody in here, and it's huge. and it's huge. and it's huge. >> Yes, perfect. Thank you. >> Yes, perfect. Thank you. >> Yes, perfect. Thank you. >> Oh, you can get your birthday gift, too. >> Oh, you can get your birthday gift, too. >> Oh, you can get your birthday gift, too. Tower 28. I forgot about the birthday Tower 28. I forgot about the birthday Tower 28. I forgot about the birthday gift. gift. gift. Thank you, you too. Why was this my best Thank you, you too. Why was this my best Thank you, you too. Why was this my best Sephora trip of all time? Secured Sephora trip of all time? Secured Sephora trip of all time? Secured everything I wanted. Thank you. Best everything I wanted. Thank you. Best everything I wanted. Thank you. Best Sephora ever. Sephora ever. Sephora ever. Definitely will be coming back here Definitely will be coming back here Definitely will be coming back here every single time that I visit my every single time that I visit my every single time that I visit my hometown.