How's it going? I have the new HO scale How's it going? I have the new HO scale How's it going? I have the new HO scale Golden Gate Depot Southern Pacific Golden Gate Depot Southern Pacific Golden Gate Depot Southern Pacific coach, lounge, diner, and observation coach, lounge, diner, and observation coach, lounge, diner, and observation car. These plastic models represent the car. These plastic models represent the car. These plastic models represent the prototype found all over the Southern prototype found all over the Southern prototype found all over the Southern Pacific Railroad from around the 1910s Pacific Railroad from around the 1910s Pacific Railroad from around the 1910s until the 1980s. until the 1980s. until the 1980s. Let's start by unboxing the car. All of Let's start by unboxing the car. All of Let's start by unboxing the car. All of the cars have the same style packaging. the cars have the same style packaging. the cars have the same style packaging. The label on one end is the models label The label on one end is the models label The label on one end is the models label and on the other end is the Golden Gate and on the other end is the Golden Gate and on the other end is the Golden Gate Depot's information. Depot's information. Depot's information. All boxes came with a plastic wrap All boxes came with a plastic wrap All boxes came with a plastic wrap protecting the outside. protecting the outside. protecting the outside. Each car is protected with a plastic Each car is protected with a plastic Each car is protected with a plastic cradle wrapped in a plastic sheet. cradle wrapped in a plastic sheet. cradle wrapped in a plastic sheet. The unboxing is straightforward and none The unboxing is straightforward and none The unboxing is straightforward and none of the cars come with spare parts. of the cars come with spare parts. of the cars come with spare parts. However, the diner does come with a However, the diner does come with a However, the diner does come with a spare step detail part in case one spare step detail part in case one spare step detail part in case one breaks on the model. breaks on the model. breaks on the model. This isn't my first time taking this car This isn't my first time taking this car This isn't my first time taking this car out of the box. As you can see, the out of the box. As you can see, the out of the box. As you can see, the coupler trip pin is cut. I'll go over coupler trip pin is cut. I'll go over coupler trip pin is cut. I'll go over that later on in the video. that later on in the video. that later on in the video. A good look at the underbody detail with A good look at the underbody detail with A good look at the underbody detail with some separately applied detail and some some separately applied detail and some some separately applied detail and some molded parts, but overall looks really molded parts, but overall looks really molded parts, but overall looks really good. And before we deep dive, let's good. And before we deep dive, let's good. And before we deep dive, let's look at what Golden Gate Depot look at what Golden Gate Depot look at what Golden Gate Depot manufactured and some of the history of manufactured and some of the history of manufactured and some of the history of the prototype. Golden Gate Depot did a the prototype. Golden Gate Depot did a the prototype. Golden Gate Depot did a great job with providing most if not all great job with providing most if not all great job with providing most if not all of the paint schemes that were used on of the paint schemes that were used on of the paint schemes that were used on these prototypes. This includes, but not these prototypes. This includes, but not these prototypes. This includes, but not limited to the dark olive and SP and SP limited to the dark olive and SP and SP limited to the dark olive and SP and SP lines, daylight, solid gray, two-tone lines, daylight, solid gray, two-tone lines, daylight, solid gray, two-tone gray, golden state, UP yellow, up gray, golden state, UP yellow, up gray, golden state, UP yellow, up two-tone, SP stainless with scarlet two-tone, SP stainless with scarlet two-tone, SP stainless with scarlet stripe, and some of the war stripe, and some of the war stripe, and some of the war advertisements for the Navy, Army, and advertisements for the Navy, Army, and advertisements for the Navy, Army, and Marines. The SP 72 ft inner urban steel Marines. The SP 72 ft inner urban steel Marines. The SP 72 ft inner urban steel coach was built around 1923 by the coach was built around 1923 by the coach was built around 1923 by the Pullman Company. Southern Pacific wanted Pullman Company. Southern Pacific wanted Pullman Company. Southern Pacific wanted to replace their aging fleet of wooden to replace their aging fleet of wooden to replace their aging fleet of wooden pasture cars. Their first order was 60 pasture cars. Their first order was 60 pasture cars. Their first order was 60 coaches seating about 96 passengers coaches seating about 96 passengers coaches seating about 96 passengers each. Some people may refer to these as each. Some people may refer to these as each. Some people may refer to these as Harammans, but technically that's not Harammans, but technically that's not Harammans, but technically that's not right. They are identified as suburbans right. They are identified as suburbans right. They are identified as suburbans or subs. These cars were 72 ft in or subs. These cars were 72 ft in or subs. These cars were 72 ft in length, but coupler to coupler just a length, but coupler to coupler just a length, but coupler to coupler just a little bit over 80 ft. little bit over 80 ft. little bit over 80 ft. From their first order in 1923 to the From their first order in 1923 to the From their first order in 1923 to the last one in 1927, SP had a total of 75 last one in 1927, SP had a total of 75 last one in 1927, SP had a total of 75 Suburban cars. The suburban heavyweight Suburban cars. The suburban heavyweight Suburban cars. The suburban heavyweight coaches were primarily used along the coaches were primarily used along the coaches were primarily used along the San Francisco commute service throughout San Francisco commute service throughout San Francisco commute service throughout its entire life, but can also be seen on its entire life, but can also be seen on its entire life, but can also be seen on trains such as the Suntan and various trains such as the Suntan and various trains such as the Suntan and various excursions. The years that each paint excursions. The years that each paint excursions. The years that each paint scheme operated are SP Lions dark olive scheme operated are SP Lions dark olive scheme operated are SP Lions dark olive from 1923 to 1946, SP dark olive 1946 to from 1923 to 1946, SP dark olive 1946 to from 1923 to 1946, SP dark olive 1946 to 1954, two-tone gray starting in 1954, 1954, two-tone gray starting in 1954, 1954, two-tone gray starting in 1954, and solid gray in 1959 until 1985 when and solid gray in 1959 until 1985 when and solid gray in 1959 until 1985 when these cars retired. Now, on to the these cars retired. Now, on to the these cars retired. Now, on to the model. We are in Bakersfield, California model. We are in Bakersfield, California model. We are in Bakersfield, California at the La Mesa Model Railroad Museum in at the La Mesa Model Railroad Museum in at the La Mesa Model Railroad Museum in San Diego, California. Here's a close-up San Diego, California. Here's a close-up San Diego, California. Here's a close-up view of the interior. The windows do view of the interior. The windows do view of the interior. The windows do appear a little bubbly, better than the appear a little bubbly, better than the appear a little bubbly, better than the Heramman run from a few years ago, but Heramman run from a few years ago, but Heramman run from a few years ago, but still noticeable. I will be replacing still noticeable. I will be replacing still noticeable. I will be replacing these windows with clear styrene in the these windows with clear styrene in the these windows with clear styrene in the future. The interior is well lit and future. The interior is well lit and future. The interior is well lit and that has capacitors in there to ensure that has capacitors in there to ensure that has capacitors in there to ensure flicker-free operation. The end of the flicker-free operation. The end of the flicker-free operation. The end of the car has a nice steamline connection and car has a nice steamline connection and car has a nice steamline connection and air hose details. For the diaphragms, air hose details. For the diaphragms, air hose details. For the diaphragms, although they are good in size, I'm sad although they are good in size, I'm sad although they are good in size, I'm sad to see that they are not operable. I to see that they are not operable. I to see that they are not operable. I feel that a car of this price should be feel that a car of this price should be feel that a car of this price should be having working diaphragms. having working diaphragms. having working diaphragms. As I mentioned before, I had to cut the As I mentioned before, I had to cut the As I mentioned before, I had to cut the coupler trip pins because some of them coupler trip pins because some of them coupler trip pins because some of them were hitting the switches from being too were hitting the switches from being too were hitting the switches from being too low of a coupler height. The couplers low of a coupler height. The couplers low of a coupler height. The couplers are held in a spring mechanism to allow are held in a spring mechanism to allow are held in a spring mechanism to allow these cars to perform on tight radius these cars to perform on tight radius these cars to perform on tight radius turns. The air hose and steamlight turns. The air hose and steamlight turns. The air hose and steamlight connection is the piece that holds the connection is the piece that holds the connection is the piece that holds the coupler box in place. Just like the coupler box in place. Just like the coupler box in place. Just like the Haramman run, these cars roll Haramman run, these cars roll Haramman run, these cars roll exceptionally well. Some of the best exceptionally well. Some of the best exceptionally well. Some of the best rolling passenger cars ever made. Add to rolling passenger cars ever made. Add to rolling passenger cars ever made. Add to that, with these cars being very that, with these cars being very that, with these cars being very lightweight, any engine can pull lightweight, any engine can pull lightweight, any engine can pull multiple of these cars with ease. multiple of these cars with ease. multiple of these cars with ease. My friend over at TK Railroading on My friend over at TK Railroading on My friend over at TK Railroading on Instagram bought a two-tone gray Instagram bought a two-tone gray Instagram bought a two-tone gray version. version. version. The white stripe and lettering looks The white stripe and lettering looks The white stripe and lettering looks clean with no bleeding. I also purchased the Fly for Navy I also purchased the Fly for Navy I also purchased the Fly for Navy advertisement car. I want to say that advertisement car. I want to say that advertisement car. I want to say that this car was advertised during the war. this car was advertised during the war. this car was advertised during the war. I do know the Army Marines version were I do know the Army Marines version were I do know the Army Marines version were painted postwar in 1946. They shortly painted postwar in 1946. They shortly painted postwar in 1946. They shortly had SP lines before quickly turning into had SP lines before quickly turning into had SP lines before quickly turning into SP at the top of the car. This car SP at the top of the car. This car SP at the top of the car. This car however says fly for Navy instead of however says fly for Navy instead of however says fly for Navy instead of Southern Pacific. This car has the same Southern Pacific. This car has the same Southern Pacific. This car has the same issues as before with the windows and issues as before with the windows and issues as before with the windows and the diaphragms except this car shows the diaphragms except this car shows the diaphragms except this car shows some blue paint bleeding onto the white some blue paint bleeding onto the white some blue paint bleeding onto the white on the sides. on the sides. on the sides. An issue specifically with this car was An issue specifically with this car was An issue specifically with this car was the air hose on the ends were too low the air hose on the ends were too low the air hose on the ends were too low and was scraping on the track. One time and was scraping on the track. One time and was scraping on the track. One time the air hose caught on a switch frog and the air hose caught on a switch frog and the air hose caught on a switch frog and derailed the entire car. I bent it a bit derailed the entire car. I bent it a bit derailed the entire car. I bent it a bit sideways and the problem was fixed. Onto sideways and the problem was fixed. Onto sideways and the problem was fixed. Onto the diner. I like the big windows. They the diner. I like the big windows. They the diner. I like the big windows. They really show the nicely painted interior. really show the nicely painted interior. really show the nicely painted interior. I also like the steps at the end. As I also like the steps at the end. As I also like the steps at the end. As mentioned before, there is a replacement mentioned before, there is a replacement mentioned before, there is a replacement step in the box in case one gets broken step in the box in case one gets broken step in the box in case one gets broken or lost. These steps are screwed in or lost. These steps are screwed in or lost. These steps are screwed in place and not glued in, which is really place and not glued in, which is really place and not glued in, which is really nice. The interior does bring up a nice. The interior does bring up a nice. The interior does bring up a question. Was the kitchen actually red? question. Was the kitchen actually red? question. Was the kitchen actually red? I would like to believe the kitchen I would like to believe the kitchen I would like to believe the kitchen would be stainless steel, but all of the would be stainless steel, but all of the would be stainless steel, but all of the photos I could find were in black and photos I could find were in black and photos I could find were in black and white. If you know the color of what the white. If you know the color of what the white. If you know the color of what the kitchen would be, either stainless steel kitchen would be, either stainless steel kitchen would be, either stainless steel or it was painted, let me know in the or it was painted, let me know in the or it was painted, let me know in the comments below. I would like to repaint comments below. I would like to repaint comments below. I would like to repaint it in the future. it in the future. it in the future. TK Railroading also bought a hamburger TK Railroading also bought a hamburger TK Railroading also bought a hamburger grill car. This car ran on some name grill car. This car ran on some name grill car. This car ran on some name trains, including the Sanwaqin Daylight. trains, including the Sanwaqin Daylight. trains, including the Sanwaqin Daylight. The silver stripe and lettering looks The silver stripe and lettering looks The silver stripe and lettering looks clean as well. clean as well. clean as well. Onto the lounge, the taller windows show Onto the lounge, the taller windows show Onto the lounge, the taller windows show the unique fully painted interior. A the unique fully painted interior. A the unique fully painted interior. A neat thing Golden Gate Depot did was the neat thing Golden Gate Depot did was the neat thing Golden Gate Depot did was the etched metal detail that are in the etched metal detail that are in the etched metal detail that are in the windows. At first, I thought they were windows. At first, I thought they were windows. At first, I thought they were decals, but upon closer inspection, it's decals, but upon closer inspection, it's decals, but upon closer inspection, it's etched metal, similar to what Plano etched metal, similar to what Plano etched metal, similar to what Plano sells. sells. sells. I also love that Golden Gate Depot added I also love that Golden Gate Depot added I also love that Golden Gate Depot added lamps on the table. It's such a neat lamps on the table. It's such a neat lamps on the table. It's such a neat detail that most manufacturers oversee. Onto the observation. The observation Onto the observation. The observation Onto the observation. The observation car is well done. I love the big window car is well done. I love the big window car is well done. I love the big window next to the door on the observation next to the door on the observation next to the door on the observation platform. platform. platform. You can better see the etch metal detail You can better see the etch metal detail You can better see the etch metal detail attached to the window. The car is full attached to the window. The car is full attached to the window. The car is full of them with this detail shown on the of them with this detail shown on the of them with this detail shown on the smaller upper windows. A little history about this observation. A little history about this observation. A little history about this observation. This is a 72 TAC O TAC1 observation car This is a 72 TAC O TAC1 observation car This is a 72 TAC O TAC1 observation car specifically lettered Central Pacific or specifically lettered Central Pacific or specifically lettered Central Pacific or CP. CP. CP. These were converted into diners by the These were converted into diners by the These were converted into diners by the 1930s. All of them. So post 1930s these 1930s. All of them. So post 1930s these 1930s. All of them. So post 1930s these cars did not exist. cars did not exist. cars did not exist. I wanted to show how the coupler spring I wanted to show how the coupler spring I wanted to show how the coupler spring system works. The idea behind this system works. The idea behind this system works. The idea behind this system is to extend the coupler when on system is to extend the coupler when on system is to extend the coupler when on a tight radius turn to compensate for a tight radius turn to compensate for a tight radius turn to compensate for the non-working diaphragms and to ensure the non-working diaphragms and to ensure the non-working diaphragms and to ensure smooth operation. This system causes the smooth operation. This system causes the smooth operation. This system causes the gap between the cars to spread apart gap between the cars to spread apart gap between the cars to spread apart when pulling a load and is visually when pulling a load and is visually when pulling a load and is visually unappealing. Notice how far the coupler unappealing. Notice how far the coupler unappealing. Notice how far the coupler extends when I pull on them. On a extends when I pull on them. On a extends when I pull on them. On a straight section of track, the coupler straight section of track, the coupler straight section of track, the coupler extends far out, causing the coupler to extends far out, causing the coupler to extends far out, causing the coupler to look crooked. This can be clearly shown as an example. This can be clearly shown as an example. This can be clearly shown as an example. Here I'm running the train in reverse Here I'm running the train in reverse Here I'm running the train in reverse and notice how tight the diaphragms are and notice how tight the diaphragms are and notice how tight the diaphragms are with each other. This looks really good. In the forward direction, I'm going to In the forward direction, I'm going to In the forward direction, I'm going to stop the video on the first two suburban stop the video on the first two suburban stop the video on the first two suburban cars. The first car is pulling 11 cars. cars. The first car is pulling 11 cars. cars. The first car is pulling 11 cars. Notice the gap between car one and two. Notice the gap between car one and two. Notice the gap between car one and two. Going towards the end of the train, look Going towards the end of the train, look Going towards the end of the train, look at the gap between cars 11 and 12. If at the gap between cars 11 and 12. If at the gap between cars 11 and 12. If these coupler boxes were screwed in to these coupler boxes were screwed in to these coupler boxes were screwed in to the frame, we wouldn't have this issue. the frame, we wouldn't have this issue. the frame, we wouldn't have this issue. I hope this video helps you decide if I hope this video helps you decide if I hope this video helps you decide if you want to get your own cars or not. As you want to get your own cars or not. As you want to get your own cars or not. As an SP modeler that models primarily in an SP modeler that models primarily in an SP modeler that models primarily in the Bay Area, these were a must-have. the Bay Area, these were a must-have. the Bay Area, these were a must-have. Either this option or spend $700 each on Either this option or spend $700 each on Either this option or spend $700 each on brass cars. I want to thank Golden Gate brass cars. I want to thank Golden Gate brass cars. I want to thank Golden Gate Depot for finally releasing these cars Depot for finally releasing these cars Depot for finally releasing these cars as they are a childhood dream of mine to as they are a childhood dream of mine to as they are a childhood dream of mine to own. Please let me know what you think. own. Please let me know what you think. own. Please let me know what you think. Do you own these models? Let me know how Do you own these models? Let me know how Do you own these models? Let me know how you feel. I'm thinking about making a you feel. I'm thinking about making a you feel. I'm thinking about making a video on replacing the windows with video on replacing the windows with video on replacing the windows with styrene and maybe even adding marker styrene and maybe even adding marker styrene and maybe even adding marker lights to one of them. Anyways, I hope lights to one of them. Anyways, I hope lights to one of them. Anyways, I hope you enjoy the rest of the video and have you enjoy the rest of the video and have you enjoy the rest of the video and have a great rest of your day. Take care. Yeah. >> Yeah. Oh, [screaming] heat. Help. This is This is This is But this one I think on that one. I think on that one. I think on that one. Yeah. V2 and I assume spots. All right. Heat. Heat. >> [laughter] >> There's no way over there on the other >> There's no way over there on the other >> There's no way over there on the other side. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. >> Look, >> Look, >> Look, I know. I know. I know. >> There's adventure block. Woo! This is Heat. Heat. Yeah. back. Are you ready? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All All All right. right. right. Yeah. That looks like There's nobody over there on the other There's nobody over there on the other There's nobody over there on the other side. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. >> Look. >> Look. >> Look. >> I don't mind. >> I don't mind. >> I don't mind. >> There's a winter one. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey there. Yeah, this is You made it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Heat. Heat. You have something to say. Yeah. Next.