We came home after finishing our Friday morning workout and We came home after finishing our Friday morning workout and We came home after finishing our Friday morning workout and two of our pets were two of our pets were two of our pets were waiting for us. One or two of them, Lupi, waiting for us. One or two of them, Lupi, waiting for us. One or two of them, Lupi, came and rested for a while came and rested for a while came and rested for a while because everything was because everything was because everything was going well at night. But Lupi never came and going well at night. But Lupi never came and stayed there stayed there stayed there . She was always playing with the baby. As soon as we left, she started to get really hungry.  If you see me as soon as I arrive, . She was always playing with the baby. As soon as we left, she started to get really hungry.  If you see me as soon as I arrive, I'll definitely grab a green tea for refreshment. I'll definitely grab a green tea for refreshment. I'll definitely grab a green tea for refreshment. Lipton's green tea comes in many flavors Lipton's green tea comes in many flavors Lipton's green tea comes in many flavors .  So I'll come back once a week and .  So I'll come back once a week and .  So I'll come back once a week and pick up each flavor.   If you pick up each flavor.   If you pick up each flavor.   If you come to Lipton Green Tea and see that it has come to Lipton Green Tea and see that it has come to Lipton Green Tea and see that it has zero sugar and zero calories, then when we get zero sugar and zero calories, then when we get zero sugar and zero calories, then when we get cravings, we eat something else, cravings, we eat something else, cravings, we eat something else, and then the workout we do is and then the workout we do is and then the workout we do is useless. useless. useless. This is an alternative to that, and I This is an alternative to that, and I This is an alternative to that, and I think it's the best option.  It think it's the best option.  It think it's the best option.  It contains catechins, which contains catechins, which contains catechins, which boosts metabolism.  You just need to sit back, relax for 10 to 15 boosts metabolism.  You just need to sit back, relax for 10 to 15 boosts metabolism.  You just need to sit back, relax for 10 to 15 minutes, have a sip, and minutes, have a sip, and minutes, have a sip, and then then then start your day's routine again. start your day's routine again. start your day's routine again. Anyway, it's Anyway, it's Anyway, it's after 12:30 before I have to leave for the office.  There will after 12:30 before I have to leave for the office.  There will after 12:30 before I have to leave for the office.  There will be a lot of waiting work on the way.  I have be a lot of waiting work on the way.  I have be a lot of waiting work on the way.  I have to finish all that and then go.  So I freshened up, to finish all that and then go.  So I freshened up, to finish all that and then go.  So I freshened up, went to my mother's house, and went to my mother's house, and went to my mother's house, and left for the office.  If you left for the office.  If you left for the office.  If you want details about this product, I've want details about this product, I've want details about this product, I've pinned it in the comments, so check it out and pinned it in the comments, so check it out and pinned it in the comments, so check it out and buy it. buy it. buy it. You can also purchase the product on Amazon Bling You can also purchase the product on Amazon Bling You can also purchase the product on Amazon Bling .