It is the month of Sawan [music] and one is It is the month of Sawan [music] and one is It is the month of Sawan [music] and one is not ready to have the darshan of Lord Shiva.  How can this be possible not ready to have the darshan of Lord Shiva.  How can this be possible not ready to have the darshan of Lord Shiva.  How can this be possible ?  Today is the first Monday of Sawan and ?  Today is the first Monday of Sawan and ?  Today is the first Monday of Sawan and I am also fasting.  So come let's get ready for the temple with me. I am also fasting.  So come let's get ready for the temple with me. I am also fasting.  So come let's get ready for the temple with me. And here are my And here are my And here are my clothes for today.  I am feeling very good wearing this suit. clothes for today.  I am feeling very good wearing this suit. clothes for today.  I am feeling very good wearing this suit. Now look, I am going to the temple, Now look, I am going to the temple, Now look, I am going to the temple, so don't do too much heavy makeup.   That so don't do too much heavy makeup.   That so don't do too much heavy makeup.   That 's why for light weight makeup I 's why for light weight makeup I 's why for light weight makeup I will use Face Cada Stroke Cream.  And look, will use Face Cada Stroke Cream.  And look, will use Face Cada Stroke Cream.  And look, first I applied it on one side and first I applied it on one side and first I applied it on one side and blended it well.  And look blended it well.  And look blended it well.  And look how good the glow is on this side because it contains how good the glow is on this side because it contains how good the glow is on this side because it contains shea butter and hyaluronic acid which shea butter and hyaluronic acid which shea butter and hyaluronic acid which gives instant glow.  Now I will apply it by mixing three in one gives instant glow.  Now I will apply it by mixing three in one gives instant glow.  Now I will apply it by mixing three in one Hydramatte Foundation plus Stroke Cream. Hydramatte Foundation plus Stroke Cream. Hydramatte Foundation plus Stroke Cream. Now, with the art of my hands, I Now, with the art of my hands, I Now, with the art of my hands, I blended it nicely all over my face.  Now lastly my blended it nicely all over my face.  Now lastly my blended it nicely all over my face.  Now lastly my favourite item is the Compete Wall Lipstick in the favourite item is the Compete Wall Lipstick in the favourite item is the Compete Wall Lipstick in the shade Koa Crush and it is smudge proof shade Koa Crush and it is smudge proof shade Koa Crush and it is smudge proof too.  The best part is that it can also be used as a blush too.  The best part is that it can also be used as a blush too.  The best part is that it can also be used as a blush and eye shadow.  Now at last and eye shadow.  Now at last and eye shadow.  Now at last apply stroke cream as a highlighter. apply stroke cream as a highlighter. apply stroke cream as a highlighter. Now my light makeup is done. Now my light makeup is done. Now my light makeup is done. Now I will wear my earrings. Now I will wear my earrings. Now I will wear my earrings. Wore my favourite bangles and put a black bindi on my forehead. Wore my favourite bangles and put a black bindi on my forehead. Wore my favourite bangles and put a black bindi on my forehead. And wait, let me do some hair. And wait, let me do some hair. And wait, let me do some hair. And now look at my final look. And now look at my final look. And now look at my final look. Better to go [MUSIC] than not stop. Better to go [MUSIC] than not stop. Better to go [MUSIC] than not stop. If you also want these products then If you also want these products then If you also want these products then write glow in the comment.  Okay, now I am ready.   Let's go to the write glow in the comment.  Okay, now I am ready.   Let's go to the write glow in the comment.  Okay, now I am ready.   Let's go to the temple.  [Music] And I'm temple.  [Music] And I'm temple.  [Music] And I'm not alone, with me are my three brothers and