Rajiya oh Rajiya Rajiya oh Rajiya Rajiya oh Rajiya Rajiya hey, have Rajiya hey, have you come out of the way to buy a ton, is it your fault, you say hey you come out of the way to buy a ton, is it your fault, you say hey you come out of the way to buy a ton, is it your fault, you say hey even after buying a ton, I am buying a ton for you, let's go even after buying a ton, I am buying a ton for you, let's go even after buying a ton, I am buying a ton for you, let's go brother, I will brother, I will brother, I will buy the greens from the field, hey it's my fault, it's my buy the greens from the field, hey it's my fault, it's my buy the greens from the field, hey it's my fault, it's my duty, duty, duty, see, I will take it raw, see, I will take it raw, wow Ravi Bhaiya, you are buying greens for me, wow Ravi Bhaiya, you are buying greens for me, wow Ravi Bhaiya, you are buying greens for me, yes, at least for the Chaturmas, I will drink it, yes, at least for the Chaturmas, I will drink it, yes, at least for the Chaturmas, I will drink it, see Ravi Bhaiya, how much should you think for me and see Ravi Bhaiya, how much should you think for me and see Ravi Bhaiya, how much should you think for me and I will stay at home, tell me, if I I will stay at home, tell me, if I I will stay at home, tell me, if I want to apologize for this, then I want to apologize for this, then I want to apologize for this, then I apologize, yes, I have apologized, apologize, yes, I have apologized, apologize, yes, I have apologized, no, then I should apologize, no, then I should apologize, no, then I should apologize, yes, I will apologize, but you tell me in your mind, if I yes, I will apologize, but you tell me in your mind, if I yes, I will apologize, but you tell me in your mind, if I fight for my penis, then Siro Rokat Khan is lagging behind.  Now fight for my penis, then Siro Rokat Khan is lagging behind.  Now fight for my penis, then Siro Rokat Khan is lagging behind.  Now tell me your real purpose, the work that will be useful is the tell me your real purpose, the work that will be useful is the tell me your real purpose, the work that will be useful is the work you do as a labourer. I have come to tell you about work you do as a labourer. I have come to tell you about work you do as a labourer. I have come to tell you about cutting the leeks in the fields. cutting the leeks in the fields. cutting the leeks in the fields. Yes, I should say that you plant vegetables and tomorrow you Yes, I should say that you plant vegetables and tomorrow you Yes, I should say that you plant vegetables and tomorrow you can bring my leeks to the fields. I will see if you can can bring my leeks to the fields. I will see if you can can bring my leeks to the fields. I will see if you can cut them. There is cut them. There is cut them. There is also the first three months of the month of Chaturmas. Bela is also the first three months of the month of Chaturmas. Bela is also the first three months of the month of Chaturmas. Bela is definitely a shame on the labourers. Bela is burdened with labour. It is a time when definitely a shame on the labourers. Bela is burdened with labour. It is a time when definitely a shame on the labourers. Bela is burdened with labour. It is a time when Amitabh Bachchan got a call Amitabh Bachchan got a call Amitabh Bachchan got a call saying, I am KBC Amitabh Bachchan, you get saying, I am KBC Amitabh Bachchan, you get saying, I am KBC Amitabh Bachchan, you get my work done one day. I also said, if you my work done one day. I also said, if you my work done one day. I also said, if you say KBC Amitabh Bachchan, then I will also say KBC Amitabh Bachchan, then I will also say KBC Amitabh Bachchan, then I will also say, OBC Raj, I liked the time. [laughs] say, OBC Raj, I liked the time. [laughs] say, OBC Raj, I liked the time. [laughs] Okay, Okay, Okay, if a cheek in Amitabh Bachchan's voice is going if a cheek in Amitabh Bachchan's voice is going if a cheek in Amitabh Bachchan's voice is going viral on Instagram, I see, viral on Instagram, I see, viral on Instagram, I see, why should an old man cut his cheek, brother, he is why should an old man cut his cheek, brother, he is why should an old man cut his cheek, brother, he is living under compulsions, compulsions, living under compulsions, compulsions, living under compulsions, compulsions, sitting in front of me, I mean, there are no compulsions, sitting in front of me, I mean, there are no compulsions, sitting in front of me, I mean, there are no compulsions, I am here as a labourer, he is asking for two and a half rupees for a thing, he will ask me to pay I am here as a labourer, he is asking for two and a half rupees for a thing, he will ask me to pay ₹500 for the sake of the thing, he will shout at you, son, I will have to pay a slap of the knife, he will ₹500 for the sake of the thing, he will shout at you, son, I will have to pay a slap of the knife, he will say, ₹500 is yours.  I am a man, I thought say, ₹500 is yours.  I am a man, I thought say, ₹500 is yours.  I am a man, I thought I would spit on you [laughs] I would spit on you [laughs] I would spit on you [laughs] what era are you talking about, you used to take 500 rupees to what era are you talking about, you used to take 500 rupees to what era are you talking about, you used to take 500 rupees to sow bamboo seeds like this, now you get sow bamboo seeds like this, now you get sow bamboo seeds like this, now you get 700 rupees, give bamboo and oil for 500 rupees, then 700 rupees, give bamboo and oil for 500 rupees, then 700 rupees, give bamboo and oil for 500 rupees, then pay security when I go for duty and pay security when I go for duty and pay security when I go for duty and know that half a kilo of alcohol and a little know that half a kilo of alcohol and a little know that half a kilo of alcohol and a little tobacco are waiting in ambush in the chillum and if there is tobacco are waiting in ambush in the chillum and if there is tobacco are waiting in ambush in the chillum and if there is more then come and drop me home more then come and drop me home more then come and drop me home because I have to call you the next day because I have to call you the next day because I have to call you the next day and if you take the prepared thing the next day then and if you take the prepared thing the next day then and if you take the prepared thing the next day then take a lemon and sugar candy in my hand, take a lemon and sugar candy in my hand, take a lemon and sugar candy in my hand, well, they meant that I don't have to get the medicine done for the next month, they gave me a well, they meant that I don't have to get the medicine done for the next month, they gave me a well, they meant that I don't have to get the medicine done for the next month, they gave me a huge quotation, huge quotation, huge quotation, now it will cost more than Rs. 1000, now it will cost more than Rs. 1000, now it will cost more than Rs. 1000, then they take the tractor to the farm, oh, when the then they take the tractor to the farm, oh, when the then they take the tractor to the farm, oh, when the daughter gets married, the wedding procession daughter gets married, the wedding procession daughter gets married, the wedding procession comes, these days tell me friend, oh what are you saying, my comes, these days tell me friend, oh what are you saying, my comes, these days tell me friend, oh what are you saying, my heart tells me, it heart tells me, it heart tells me, it costs 700 rupees and yours costs 800 because costs 700 rupees and yours costs 800 because costs 700 rupees and yours costs 800 because someone is full of ego  I will tell you someone is full of ego  I will tell you someone is full of ego  I will tell you 800 rupees by postponing it [screaming sound] okay, take it okay, take it okay, take it and tell you 800 rupees and tell you 800 rupees and tell you 800 rupees okay, get ready in the morning, catch it [music] did you okay, get ready in the morning, catch it [music] did you okay, get ready in the morning, catch it [music] did you tell me less [laughs] Beggu Beggu you made me late today too, oh Beggu Beggu you made me late today too, oh Beggu Beggu you made me late today too, oh I made you wait, the fire is burning 9:00 I made you wait, the fire is burning 9:00 I made you wait, the fire is burning 9:00 pm I started pm I started pm I started talking about the next house, get it wrong for half an hour, settle it, the talking about the next house, get it wrong for half an hour, settle it, the talking about the next house, get it wrong for half an hour, settle it, the fire is burning, it is not wrong at all, I started talking about the next fire is burning, it is not wrong at all, I started talking about the next fire is burning, it is not wrong at all, I started talking about the next house, house, house, in gossiping, the next one will definitely taste good, the taste will come, remember me, tell me two people and I don't taste will come, remember me, tell me two people and I don't taste will come, remember me, tell me two people and I don't need two, oh no, the need two, oh no, the need two, oh no, the calculation has not come, you don't have to calculation has not come, you don't have to calculation has not come, you don't have to check the amount, do it like this, oh oh it is check the amount, do it like this, oh oh it is mine only, but I have thought of collecting it, it mine only, but I have thought of collecting it, it mine only, but I have thought of collecting it, it means I means I means I need two people, I told three, if I get even one need two people, I told three, if I get even one need two people, I told three, if I get even one amount, two will come, I need two amount, two will come, I need two amount, two will come, I need two [laughs] I feel like eating [laughs] I feel like eating [laughs] I feel like eating idioms, I said it very well, think about it, you can also get a foot in the door idioms, I said it very well, think about it, you can also get a foot in the door idioms, I said it very well, think about it, you can also get a foot in the door Take a sack full of donation so that you Take a sack full of donation so that you Take a sack full of donation so that you can at least tie the heads of the dogs. can at least tie the heads of the dogs. can at least tie the heads of the dogs. Hey, these are not empty phrases, I have Hey, these are not empty phrases, I have Hey, these are not empty phrases, I have told you a lot. You do one thing, you get up and go back. Okay, told you a lot. You do one thing, you get up and go back. Okay, told you a lot. You do one thing, you get up and go back. Okay, hey sir, excuse me, hey sir, excuse me, hey sir, excuse me, why are you, you go and fly away. why are you, you go and fly away. why are you, you go and fly away. I will keep clinging to you. I will sit in my house. I will keep clinging to you. I will sit in my house. I will keep clinging to you. I will sit in my house. You tell me ahead. Sudhey, the You tell me ahead. Sudhey, the You tell me ahead. Sudhey, the village uncle and baba are not suitable. Raju, village uncle and baba are not suitable. Raju, village uncle and baba are not suitable. Raju, Raju, I will tell you. And for ₹700, I will talk to you all Raju, I will tell you. And for ₹700, I will talk to you all Raju, I will tell you. And for ₹700, I will talk to you all seven days for the beard. I have taken seven days for the beard. I have taken seven days for the beard. I have taken care of four brothers. I have care of four brothers. I have care of four brothers. I have three labourers. You are married three labourers. You are married three labourers. You are married and you will fly back. Get more and you will fly back. Get more work done from the neighbor for ₹800 lakhs in an hour. work done from the neighbor for ₹800 lakhs in an hour. Now you do one thing, sit and meditate. Now you do one thing, sit and meditate. Now you do one thing, sit and meditate. I will think, your work is fine. I will think, your work is fine. I will think, your work is fine. Think mido [music], see, the work is not for the man to search, hey, see, the work is not for the man to search, hey, see, the work is not for the man to search, hey, sit and do the right thing. sit and do the right thing. sit and do the right thing. Hey, I am leaving the matter, pay attention to the time. Hey, I am leaving the matter, pay attention to the time. Hey, I am leaving the matter, pay attention to the time. Now there are some tasks for the mind and body which  It Now there are some tasks for the mind and body which  It Now there are some tasks for the mind and body which  It fell, fell, fell, yes look [nasal voice] did yes look [nasal voice] did yes look [nasal voice] did you not see, you not see, you not see, hey, this is this Khap, one of the Khap is sitting in front of me, hey hey, this is this Khap, one of the Khap is sitting in front of me, hey no, did you see that killer neighbor Bandi, if you handed over the no, did you see that killer neighbor Bandi, if you handed over the no, did you see that killer neighbor Bandi, if you handed over the bang, then I mean, do bang, then I mean, do bang, then I mean, do you want to cut the banan or you have made the statement [laughter], you want to cut the banan or you have made the statement [laughter], you want to cut the banan or you have made the statement [laughter], not cut the life, I not cut the life, I not cut the life, I mean, let me tell you, mean, let me tell you, mean, let me tell you, look, take the Chuk look, take the Chuk look, take the Chuk in your stomach, say only that, say only that, whatever you in your stomach, say only that, say only that, whatever you hear, take the Chuk in your stomach, hear, take the Chuk in your stomach, hear, take the Chuk in your stomach, hey, have you become such a fool, are you joking, are you hey, have you become such a fool, are you joking, are you hey, have you become such a fool, are you joking, are you joking, no, no, no, joking, no, no, no, joking, no, no, no, no, no, no, I gave you ₹800 and brought you to do comedy, do I gave you ₹800 and brought you to do comedy, do I gave you ₹800 and brought you to do comedy, do whatever work you tell me, then tell you to get it done, get whatever work you tell me, then tell you to get it done, get whatever work you tell me, then tell you to get it done, get some work done, give me ₹ some work done, give me ₹ some work done, give me ₹ 800, hey, I will not commit murder for ₹800, I 800, hey, I will not commit murder for ₹800, I 800, hey, I will not commit murder for ₹800, I am a daily wage laborer, I did not give you any supari, am a daily wage laborer, I did not give you any supari, am a daily wage laborer, I did not give you any supari, okay, we talked about your ₹800, you okay, we talked about your ₹800, you okay, we talked about your ₹800, you tell Supari to get supari as well, although tell Supari to get supari as well, although tell Supari to get supari as well, although two of my laborers are bringing big beedis, hey, he ordered one and went to the two of my laborers are bringing big beedis, hey, he ordered one and went to the two of my laborers are bringing big beedis, hey, he ordered one and went to the other, other, other, hey  You are so upset that I will not kill someone for ₹800, is it a hey  You are so upset that I will not kill someone for ₹800, is it a hey  You are so upset that I will not kill someone for ₹800, is it a sin, friend? sin, friend? sin, friend? Hey, even killing an insect is a sin, killing an insect is just an Hey, even killing an insect is a sin, killing an insect is just an Hey, even killing an insect is a sin, killing an insect is just an insect, then come on, trees and plants, insect, then come on, trees and plants, insect, then come on, trees and plants, any breath they are of science, mangoes are any breath they are of science, mangoes are any breath they are of science, mangoes are also good, now tell me, do you commit a sin by taking ₹700 curd all day, if you are committing a sin, then also good, now tell me, do you commit a sin by taking ₹700 curd all day, if you are committing a sin, then I will give you the pleasure of Ganga, brother, you are committing this sin for ₹800, hey, I will give you the pleasure of Ganga, brother, you are committing this sin for ₹800, hey, I will give you the pleasure of Ganga, brother, you are committing this sin for ₹800, hey, beat that labourer, he is crazy, you are beat that labourer, he is crazy, you are beat that labourer, he is crazy, you are not from the village, your head is tied, I am a fool, you will run away after not from the village, your head is tied, I am a fool, you will run away after seeing the train, what seeing the train, what seeing the train, what work do you have to do, work do you have to do, work do you have to do, man, what did you say, man, what did you say, man, what did you say, brother, it is brother, it is brother, it is necessary to go and necessary to go and necessary to go and talk, brother, take a knife, tear it apart at night, now talk, brother, take a knife, tear it apart at night, now talk, brother, take a knife, tear it apart at night, now I will not kill you by shouting, I will not kill you by shouting, I will not kill you by shouting, first ask for the roar and then first ask for the roar and then first ask for the roar and then give the curd, brother, give the curd, brother, give the curd, brother, look at the ₹800 curd, friend, are you ₹100 useless, look at the ₹800 curd, friend, are you ₹100 useless, look at the ₹800 curd, friend, are you ₹100 useless, hey  If you kill someone and go to jail, there is a hey  If you kill someone and go to jail, there is a hey  If you kill someone and go to jail, there is a problem there, who will pay the tip, you will have to earn your problem there, who will pay the tip, you will have to earn your problem there, who will pay the tip, you will have to earn your daily bread, then it is fire, then 302 case, the father will daily bread, then it is fire, then 302 case, the father will daily bread, then it is fire, then 302 case, the father will say to the murderer, what is it for you, say to the murderer, what is it for you, say to the murderer, what is it for you, brother, you can get your skin cooked for the whole day for ₹700, brother, you can get your skin cooked for the whole day for ₹700, brother, you can get your skin cooked for the whole day for ₹700, brother, you are free outside, brother, you are free outside, brother, you are free outside, okay, so if that's the matter, then brother, I will do that work, okay, so if that's the matter, then brother, I will do that work, okay, so if that's the matter, then brother, I will do that work, what will you do, I will take the benefit of murder, I will what will you do, I will take the benefit of murder, I will what will you do, I will take the benefit of murder, I will multiply one by three, I will have to commit 800, multiply one by three, I will have to commit 800, multiply one by three, I will have to commit 800, brother, it will cost me dear, it will cost me, brother, it will cost me dear, it will cost me, brother, it will cost me dear, it will cost me, now I will do that work, who will do it, now I will do that work, who will do it, now I will do that work, who will do it, you do it, brother, I will do the work, brother, I am scared, I am scared, there is no you do it, brother, I will do the work, brother, I am scared, I am scared, there is no ghost ahead, you can create a ghost by ghost ahead, you can create a ghost by ghost ahead, you can create a ghost by going, then listen, victory lies in fear, if you are so going, then listen, victory lies in fear, if you are so going, then listen, victory lies in fear, if you are so scared, then do some mischief, scared, then do some mischief, scared, then do some mischief, go, go, go, go [nasal voice], if someone feels go [nasal voice], if someone feels go [nasal voice], if someone feels thirsty, someone has an arrow in the mouth, I have got thirsty, someone has an arrow in the mouth, I have got married [music] someone has married [music] someone has married [music] someone has taken the arrow in the mouth, the whole thing is gone  In the arrow taken the arrow in the mouth, the whole thing is gone  In the arrow taken the arrow in the mouth, the whole thing is gone  In the arrow Dada, the goon, Luna, I don't recognize you, I don't Dada, the goon, Luna, I don't recognize you, I don't Dada, the goon, Luna, I don't recognize you, I don't recognize you, you are a recognize you, you are a recognize you, you are a scoundrel, my love, my life [music] I am a scoundrel, my love, scoundrel, my love, my life [music] I am a scoundrel, my love, brother, brother, brother, yes [laughs] the yes [laughs] the yes [laughs] the roti is yours, I do roti is yours, I do roti is yours, I do n't have any responsibility, you will live, I n't have any responsibility, you will live, I n't have any responsibility, you will live, I mean, my stomach is empty, then I will sleep [music] [ panting sound] panting sound] panting sound] you, hey Kota, you, hey Kota, you, hey Kota, just hold your just hold your just hold your tongue, hold your pocket, bring it, tongue, hold your pocket, bring it, tongue, hold your pocket, bring it, when did you come, take it, you have cooked the vegetables, take it, hey, you have got the when did you come, take it, you have cooked the vegetables, take it, hey, you have got the vegetables and vegetables sold, now I have vegetables and vegetables sold, now I have vegetables and vegetables sold, now I have arranged for the red roti, you are the one who is committing that murder, you are the one who is committing that arranged for the red roti, you are the one who is committing that murder, you are the one who is committing that arranged for the red roti, you are the one who is committing that murder, you are the one who is committing that murder, you are the one who has to murder, you are the one who has to sign in the police station without your thumb impression, no one else sign in the police station without your thumb impression, no one else sign in the police station without your thumb impression, no one else wait, tell me one thing, if it doesn't work for you, then wait, tell me one thing, if it doesn't work for you, then wait, tell me one thing, if it doesn't work for you, then you can get my ditch dug, you can get my ditch dug, you can get my ditch dug, why did you get the cabbage dug, why did you get the cabbage dug, why did you get the cabbage dug, ok, then ok, then ok, then tell me, tell me, tell me, you also have the right to know, listen, what have you got, you also have the right to know, listen, what have you got, you also have the right to know, listen, what have you got, my  Home friend Ravi Bhaiya Chama is going well but there is friend Ravi Bhaiya Chama is going well but there is friend Ravi Bhaiya Chama is going well but there is no talk about your farm, he will not do anything, if no talk about your farm, he will not do anything, if no talk about your farm, he will not do anything, if one seed does not yield 100 quintals of milk, then take one seed does not yield 100 quintals of milk, then take one seed does not yield 100 quintals of milk, then take 200 rupees, 200 rupees, 200 rupees, hey you have brought it, father did not tell me, I hey you have brought it, father did not tell me, I hey you have brought it, father did not tell me, I need to plant it, friend I have brought it, I need to plant it, friend I have brought it, I need to plant it, friend I have brought it, I need 100 rupees, take it, you need 100 rupees, take it, you need 100 rupees, take it, you understand that he has asked for a loan, he wants to understand that he has asked for a loan, he wants to understand that he has asked for a loan, he wants to eat the poison, eat the poison, eat the poison, hey, I need to eat the poison, if you take it, then tell me, I have to hey, I need to eat the poison, if you take it, then tell me, I have to hey, I need to eat the poison, if you take it, then tell me, I have to eat it, I have to get it done, I have to eat it, I have to get it done, I have to drink it, drink it, drink it, then I have to drink it, what happened, are you feeling sad, then I have to drink it, what happened, are you feeling sad, then I have to drink it, what happened, are you feeling sad, ask friend, who will come in the bus, hey, who will come ask friend, who will come in the bus, hey, who will come ask friend, who will come in the bus, hey, who will come in the bus, the bus is on strike, get in the bus, the bus is on strike, get in the bus, the bus is on strike, get up on the day, who else will come, up on the day, who else will come, up on the day, who else will come, your Madhuri can come on time, he is your Madhuri can come on time, he is your Madhuri can come on time, he is sitting ready on the cycle, hey no, hey sitting ready on the cycle, hey no, hey sitting ready on the cycle, hey no, hey Luga, where will I get it from, I have to Luga, where will I get it from, I have to Luga, where will I get it from, I have to die, die, die, yes, what should I do, you should roam around in your kurti yes, what should I do, you should roam around in your kurti yes, what should I do, you should roam around in your kurti [laughs] Sapre Karsi Sapre will cost you dearly If your [laughs] Sapre Karsi Sapre will cost you dearly If your [laughs] Sapre Karsi Sapre will cost you dearly If your thorns are cut in the Lakshman Rekha, thorns are cut in the Lakshman Rekha, thorns are cut in the Lakshman Rekha, friend I am joking when you talk of dying friend I am joking when you talk of dying friend I am joking when you talk of dying friend one thing is right, neighbor oh hey friend one thing is right, neighbor oh hey friend one thing is right, neighbor oh hey this is what Bandiya ji Chhotu don't do this I am not like this is what Bandiya ji Chhotu don't do this I am not like this is what Bandiya ji Chhotu don't do this I am not like you friend you friend you friend so friend wait I thought so friend wait I thought so friend wait I thought why did you hit me, why did you hit me, why did you hit me, you do one thing, hang yourself, it's cheap ok you do one thing, hang yourself, it's cheap ok you do one thing, hang yourself, it's cheap ok I won't eat meat, eat meat, neither do you like yours I won't eat meat, eat meat, neither do you like yours I won't eat meat, eat meat, neither do you like yours nor yours, nor yours, nor yours, yes I will eat it, cough it feels good, so yes I will eat it, cough it feels good, so yes I will eat it, cough it feels good, so you do one thing, die by drowning you do one thing, die by drowning you do one thing, die by drowning Babu, cry, the tank has been thrown into the pond last night, Babu, cry, the tank has been thrown into the pond last night, you have killed some calf, you have killed some calf, you have killed some calf, just die, then the body will be cut, you are the one who is saying that there is a strike, just die, then the body will be cut, you are the one who is saying that there is a strike, just die, then the body will be cut, you are the one who is saying that there is a strike, yes I forgot, then you should die with some shame, if you die yes I forgot, then you should die with some shame, if you die yes I forgot, then you should die with some shame, if you die in so many years, then do in so many years, then do in so many years, then do one thing, ask for ₹100, bring one thing, ask for ₹100, bring one thing, ask for ₹100, bring ₹100 and give it to me, I will get it ₹100 and give it to me, I will get it ₹100 and give it to me, I will get it cut for you, then drink the poison, then the body will be cut  I will become cut for you, then drink the poison, then the body will be cut  I will become cut for you, then drink the poison, then the body will be cut  I will become yours, it will be useful, my yours, it will be useful, my yours, it will be useful, my mind will be affected, and I will die and mind will be affected, and I will die and mind will be affected, and I will die and get the sad one, get the sad one, get the sad one, oh sadness, I have no neighbor for you brother, the neighbor is oh sadness, I have no neighbor for you brother, the neighbor is oh sadness, I have no neighbor for you brother, the neighbor is 100 years old, who will suffer, but 100 years old, who will suffer, but 100 years old, who will suffer, but you bring 1500, I will take the you bring 1500, I will take the fire right now, the work will be done, give you fire right now, the work will be done, give you fire right now, the work will be done, give you 800, my wages are also left at 700, 800, my wages are also left at 700, 800, my wages are also left at 700, you are finished, you killed the man worth 700, you are finished, you killed the man worth 700, you are finished, you killed the man worth 700, then you are finished, fly, fill your embers, as soon as you felt like it, you did then you are finished, fly, fill your embers, as soon as you felt like it, you did then you are finished, fly, fill your embers, as soon as you felt like it, you did not take off, you did not not take off, you did not not take off, you did not fly, you have got the arrow yourself, fly, you have got the arrow yourself, fly, you have got the arrow yourself, and listen, kill me, I am not the one who and listen, kill me, I am not the one who and listen, kill me, I am not the one who killed you for 800, I have got 700 people killed you for 800, I have got 700 people killed you for 800, I have got 700 people killed, this is the way of the world, for your little killed, this is the way of the world, for your little killed, this is the way of the world, for your little benefit, people do not hesitate to take the life of the other person, benefit, people do not hesitate to take the life of the other person, benefit, people do not hesitate to take the life of the other person, and if I get hurt, then come and rub my and if I get hurt, then come and rub my and if I get hurt, then come and rub my body, save me, I will rub you, and if body, save me, I will rub you, and if body, save me, I will rub you, and if you also come and rub, you will be hurt, you also come and rub, you will be hurt, you also come and rub, you will be hurt, you are also killed  You can you are also killed  You can you are also killed  You can refuse your mind and go saying that brother, I refuse your mind and go saying that brother, I refuse your mind and go saying that brother, I don't want to do that work or I don't want to work for daily wages, but then a don't want to do that work or I don't want to work for daily wages, but then a don't want to do that work or I don't want to work for daily wages, but then a man who eats ₹800, who can man who eats ₹800, who can man who eats ₹800, who can see your backside? [Music] Everyone else is naked in the air, this is the way see your backside? [Music] Everyone else is naked in the air, this is the way see your backside? [Music] Everyone else is naked in the air, this is the way of this world, of this world, of this world, everyone considers themselves good, but everyone considers themselves good, but everyone considers themselves good, but who is there inside you? who is there inside you? who is there inside you? Hey, don't worry so much, the police will come, today an Hey, don't worry so much, the police will come, today an Hey, don't worry so much, the police will come, today an ambulance will be called, your ambulance will be called, your ambulance will be called, your knife is at stake, if you die then cut the umbilical cord. ₹150 knife is at stake, if you die then cut the umbilical cord. ₹150 knife is at stake, if you die then cut the umbilical cord. ₹150 congratulations and some earning, congratulations and some earning, congratulations and some earning, okay, quickly go underground, Ramjaado, you told half the story, victory lies beyond fear, Ramjaado, you told half the story, victory lies beyond fear, Ramjaado, you told half the story, victory lies beyond fear, who told you, there is a jeep in front of the house? [Laughter] who told you, there is a jeep in front of the house? [Laughter] who told you, there is a jeep in front of the house? [Laughter] Mawadi Katu Main Earlier, people used to die, the soul wanders, now the soul has Earlier, people used to die, the soul wanders, now the soul has Earlier, people used to die, the soul wanders, now the soul has died, people are wandering