What is up everyone? My name would be
Josh. This is Strain Central and today
we are going to be doing a product
review on the CF Vape as well as the CFX
Vape. So, these two vaporizers are very,
very, very similar and technically they
do have the same like airflow path. So,
really the only difference between these
two vapes is the CFX is just a little
teeny bit of like the Pro version. It's
like the advanced version. So, this
one's a little bit more expensive, but
it also does have a full OLED screen on
it. So, if you do kind of like want to
ball on a budget and still get a
relatively decent like working
functional vaporizer, that's what the CF
vape is for. But, uh, these are
basically just convection vaporizers,
and they're true convection vaporizers.
So, there's a lot of pens on the market
today that will claim to be convection
vaporizers when they really aren't.
They'll somewhat have like a convection
style vaporizer, but the chamber itself
will actually burn your herb and you'll
get more of a conduction style hit. So,
these are true convection style
vaporizers. And realistically, one of
the main things I respect about these
guys is that this is not just a China
rebrand. You can tell this is a crew of
people who basically just made a vape
that actually functions. So, we do have
some really awesome close-ups and some
like quick unboxings of these. So, I
hope you guys enjoy. So, let's just go
ahead and jump into unboxing this CFX
vape. Kind of did struggle to get the
lid off here, but the first thing that
we do have is simply just the unit
wrapped up in some plastic. So, I would
say the unit itself is just about the
size of like an iPhone 5S. It is a very
classy and somewhat sleek looking unit,
but I would have to say if this thing
really had to, it could definitely take
quite a beating. It feels like it's
really durable. So, moving on into the
rest of the stuff in this box, we do
have a manual that's pretty sensitive.
There's all kinds of stuff in there, but
I'm not going to go through that right
now. Uh, there also is in the actual kit
itself a DC wall charger just in case
you want to charge it quickly. And
there's also a USB charger that you can
use in your computer or a wall outlet.
And then the last couple things in the
kit are a poker for your bowl as well as
a small little cleaning brush just to
kind of keep your chamber clear. And
then the last thing I believe is a wax
atomizer just in case you want to try
waxes with it. You simply twist the top
to the right to actually access your
chamber and to load it. And I would say
it holds anywhere from about.5 to about8
of a g. And then you slide the
mouthpiece back on and twist that to the
side and it's ready to use. The
temperature is completely variable from
100° F all the way up to 430° F. And it
heats up absurdly fast. They actually do
claim a 10-second heat up time for most
heats. This is just a quick shot of the
material after it's been vaporized. It
vaporizes it very
evenly. All righty, guys. Let's just go
ahead and jump right into using these.
Let me turn both these bad boys on. So,
I've used a lot of vaporizers on the
market today, and not many of them, in
my opinion, actually make me feel like
I'm utilizing my herb. So, I've kind of
stayed away from a lot a lot a lot of
these vaporizers for the simple fact
that I feel like anytime I put my herb
in them, I'm just kind of wasting it. I
would much rather put it into like a
piece of glass or something that
actually is going to make me feel like
I'm utilizing that full hit. So, this is
like the first vaporizer that I've
personally found that I would say I'm
actually willing to put my name behind
because it's a true convection vaporizer
that actually gives you a nice hit. So,
it's not going to give you the normal
like hot harsh vapor that a majority of
these handhelds give you. It's actually
going to give you a decent hit that's
somewhat cool and also is a pretty
decent size cloud. So, the CFX is like
going to still be a true convection
style vaporizer, but it's actually going
to give you a full hit. So, cheers
really quick. Let's get this going.
So your first hit just to kind of get
things going always seems to be just a
little bit thinner and then like the
second and third following are much much
better. So cheers.
So, I wouldn't say this thing's the most
stealthy, per se, because it kind of
does look like you're like maybe
drinking out of a juice box or I don't
really know. Stealthiness factor, this
may not quite have it because it's not
like a pen that looks like an E-IG, but
uh from far away, people are probably
just going to think you're hitting a
flask or maybe drinking some kind of
weird juice box. I don't really know.
But, cheers. Let's hit this again. I
definitely hope you guys are smoking
along, dabbing along, vaping along,
getting those cannabonoids nice and deep
into your lungs because these are deep
into the mine. I almost completely
forgot to say that, but cheers
guys. So, the
variability factor on this is probably
one of my personal favorite things. Most
of these and on this one, it has five
different temperatures that you can
actually kind of make it like set at. So
here's what the temperatures are right
here. But there is a pretty big factor
of variability here. You can basically
decide what temperature you want to be
vaping at. So if you're more of a flavor
chaser that's just wanting the flavor,
you can temp it down and really I mean
on this one you can basically buy the
can ofoid that you want to be burning,
decide what temperature you want it to
be at or be vaporizing. So I know a lot
of you vape critics kind of want this
thing a little bit more in-depth broken
down. So I guess that's what I will
quickly do. Batterywise, this does have
your quite standard 18650 battery in it.
I believe it's 1300 uh milliamp hours.
And I do not believe it's replaceable.
So, it's actually inside the unit. And
from my understanding, it's like a a
custom 18650 battery basically. So, you
can't just go in and throw like a 3000
mAh or your own 18650 in it. So, does
not technically have replaceable
batteries. But the cool thing about
charging this unit is there's two
different ways to charge it. So, if you
really want to go the USB route and plug
it into your computer or a wall charger,
you can do so. And that takes about 2
hours to charge. But this also does have
a DC adapter in it which will charge in
about 30 minutes. So, if you're like
have to leave the house really quickly
and you want to get a quick charge, you
can actually charge this thing in 30
minutes time if you really want to. So,
really quickly, we are going to go ahead
and hit the CF vape. So, these are both
ready to use in 10 seconds time. takes
10 seconds from power to actually use,
which is quite surprising for most
vaporizers because some of them will
actually take several minutes to heat
up. But cheers really
quick. So, since this thing has been
kind of heating up and and already
vaping, it definitely does have some
nice clouds ready to be blown from it.
But, we'll do like a quick pros/cons
list. Now, I guess starting with the
cons list, because the cons list for
these is super substantially small. Uh,
so one of the big cons in my opinion was
what I just covered with the battery.
Technically, they're not replaceable.
So, they do have to be charged, which I
guess I'll consider a con because
there's a lot of vaporizers today that
you can actually carry around your own
18650 batteries and just charge those so
you can throw them back in and
continually use them. Um, I guess
another technical con, especially for
the CF, I I guess the CFX is also as
well, is the fact that it burns your
entire little chamber. So, all the
material that's in your chamber, is
going to just be burned or vaporized.
So, it's not going to be something that
you control, like I want to take a hit
now. It's basically just going to be
when you turn it on until it turns
itself off. That's as it's heating the
chamber up. So, that's it's just cooking
your material.
Uh, the only other con I could come up
with was what I said earlier with the
whole stealthiness factor. It doesn't
look like your normal EIG. So,
stealthiness factor is down just a
little bit. Uh, going on to the pros
though. So, this is the biggest pro for
me. It actually gets me high. So most
vaporizers, they kind of do emulate like
a normal
high, but realistically overall it's a
much less antie. It doesn't feel as
intense. It feels like what I would
consider to be cleaner with these
though. So this is actually the only
thing that I've smoked today. I've only
vaporized and I feel like I'm at the
same level that I normally would be. So
this actually does emulate smoking
flour. It doesn't feel like these small
little vaporizers that give you
lackluster hits that are hot and harsh
and then doesn't even really get you
high. So, I would have to say this
actually is one of the first herb
vaporizers that I've used that is
effective. And then the last pro I would
have to say is that it does pretty much
evenly burn everything in the chamber or
evenly vaporizes everything in the
chamber. So, you're going to get fully
brown material that you don't have to go
in and constantly be moving and
stirring. It does that naturally. But
cheers. Let's get one more rip off the
CF
vape. I would also have to say vapor
production uh for the amount that you
actually put in the chamber is quite
impressive. So with most vaporizers, you
are also going to be saving weed because
less weed will more than likely get you
higher. So, I'm going to go ahead and
have to give these CFX vapes an overall
6 out of seven. Here's why I gave them
the exact number that I did give them,
what I did, and then here's where it
breaks down on my overall strain central
scale. But, I definitely hope you guys
enjoyed this quick little vaporizer
review. Like I said, I think this is
going to have to be one of my new
personal favorite uh flower vapes. I
definitely hope all you guys are having
yourself an absolutely awesome day,
though. And I hope you guys are keeping
that head up, staying positive, just
being happy that you're alive. You woke
up this morning breathing. You are able
to have an impact on other people's
lives. And just be happy that you're
walking and living this crazy, crazy
life with all these other wonderful
people. But stay positive, stay
medicated. Peace, guys.
