Guys, I got a surprise call from my mother and she
gave me a surprise. You can see it here. Our
mother, mother, came from behind and
called me to pick her up. Rahul uncle
came to me.
Rahul uncle called me first and said, "I'm coming to
pick you up." And suddenly, I did
n't tell you to give a surprise to her.
Bangla sound.
Where is the ladoo?
Where did the ladoo go? Oh wait, you didn't wash your feet. Oh
my God, there's no light. The light is coming. Everyone went to
play. Here, here. Come here. Come here. Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came?
Mother came. Mother came. Mother came. Mother came. When you come, how do you recognize me? How do you recognize me? Mother, who is this? Did you recognize me? I did
n't recognize you. You are smart. You came right away. You saw me
Come on,
mom,
why did you bring so many bags for laddus? Babu, did you bring us this?
This is
new.
Why did you
bring us uncle's? Oh,
what is it? There is a surprise in this.
We have something special. It weighs
so big. It
weighs 4050 kg.
Who is eating this?
Everyone is eating it. Come on,
everyone is eating it. Do
n't open it. What do
you do there? What is not there?
But put something. Neither the cloth below nor the cloth above.
Directly, what is
online? Ask for the
idols. Guys, look. You can open the idols of Dr. Babasaheb
Ambedkar and Gautam Buddha. Wow, it's great. I'll catch
tea later. I'll go
upstairs.
We don't meet here.
How much information do you have?
Babu, look. These are
brass muhurtas. Are they made of brass? These are made of five metals. Guys, look.
Take a look at our Gautam Buddha. Oh, it's great. Is it a real
result? Oh, it's great.
How did we get excited while climbing the stairs? I
only had this bag while walking.
[Clearing throat] It's done. It's
great. Keep it.
Kheer should be made in the monastery in the evening.
Where should we keep it?
Otherwise, worship at your home. Later, we should keep it.
Decorate it well. It should be placed in the monastery.
Otherwise, we will
not do it today. And give it to aunt. Will she have
fun? She will come to you. She will take it out on the
phone. She does not want to
eat everything. Ranjit uncle also did the work
without his children, so he came back and took it away. He is very
clever. Should I keep it?
Now, I will
clean the worship done at
your house. Do
the worship in your hands.
Guys, I went to grind the mill.
By this time, Pragyan had
decorated the idols very nicely. See how they
look. One number is very beautiful. It looks very nice.
Look, tell me how you feel. It looks
very nice. The
owner of the house came to see the house. Let's see what we are doing. She is
eating laddus.
What kind of footwork does Nadu need? Did she bend?
[Sigh] She did not bend to speak. I heard that it was
well built. It was
well built. It's
big, go inside and see,
oh my god, it's so big, it has
12 columns, the
doors are
covered with slippers,
guys, this is our hall, this is the hall, this is the
kitchen, this is the alley, oh my
god
this is the bedroom, it's a
big mess, but if the
toilet was on the
east-west side, it would have been even better.
The doors are not
high,
why have you done this,
how much has it been 9 lakhs so far? [Exhale] I want to
take a loan on this 10 lakhs. This is
Dadar.
No, but [gasps] Is this the pair of you who are here
? This is it, this
Can you put gas in that corner,
and is there a
window over there? Oh,
what's happening to him?
Nothing is happening. If you
turn on the fan, if there is smoke, it goes
outside.
Put a round on him. It's
not in him. But I thought, if you
take it to the side here, [laughter] Okay, we can do it
there.
But we can do it
there. If the window is broken, we
need a window above the kitchen. There is no
other place or
chance to remove the window.
Then do it here. Then the guys showed me the house. Mommy
really liked it. Only the doors needed a little here and there. She
says and
chats with her friends.
Okay, it
feels great. Today, Mommy came to work. It
feels much better. Falling relaxes
and clothes. But look, Mommy brought them for laddus.
Look, how they look. They are full professional. They did
n't do it professionally. Even though the baby went to us, they look
sweet.
Let's have a
moment later.
Guys, Mommy makes chapatis. Look, in our kitchen,
we have the same kitchen. You can see.
You can
talk. Coach, everyone, get
up and let Damila do it. You don't want to do it, oh, I don't have the strength, I won't do it
quickly,
so I took my
hand to fast, I understood,
oh, I started to fast, say, now
she is fast, now, oh, I took
out the masala,
now just, we had come after putting the fudge, the
light went out, so much problem must have been overloaded, maybe the
fudge blew up because of it,
now, family,
family, lunch
time, after a long time,
how do you charge your phone, look, guys, now just, I have gone to
Manta, now it's six in the evening
and I have brought vegetables, etc. I was going to come to my
mother, suddenly, I did
n't know, for that I have brought all kinds of
vegetables and have
stopped here at the filter, why did uncle
fill the water, uncle said, let's
go, now let's go
back home, now,
guys, bye, good night, like, share,
subscribe, now we are sleeping,
our light went out, I did
n't take a blog for that, now let's meet in the next log,
okay, Tata, see you in the next Log
Good morning guys Log ended at
night but said let me
show you a little morning but it's 8 am now
and we woke up at seven o'clock tea or tea
etc. We are now drinking tea and
making breakfast for mommy here.
You can see how much
hard work is going on there.
[Clearing throat] Got up very early
otherwise she doesn't get up this early today.
Cow really got up very early and Laddu also got up. Look,
Laddu sleeps with us till nine o'clock but
she also got up early. Say good morning, say
no, say good morning. Like this. Like this.
We will still have to wait for everything. We will take mommy to our grandmother's house in
Savargaon, that is, to my
mommy's mommy. Now we are going to go. We are
okay. Our avatar is very bad. Cow is
here. We are cleaning the coriander.
What did you do? I made a song here. Look at the analogy
like this. Here is tea. Oh, medicine,
come on,
medicine, don't you want it? [Crying]
Where to go?
Where is the
milk? Do
you want milk?
Eat milk and chocolate. Chocolate means
how chocolates are prepared so beautifully.
I woke up yesterday morning. I
woke up at 9:30. Then I got a
call from Rahul uncle that he was coming to pick
me up yesterday. Suddenly, what if you came here? I
said, "Come here." I thought, "What happened at
his house? What happened to the
chocolate?" "What happened to the chocolate?" "What happened to the chocolate?" "What happened to the chocolate?" "Come here," I said, "Come here," he
said, "Okay, brother, come."
Then I went there and called him and said, "
Where is he?" "Wait, wait," I said, "I'm coming." Then I
saw that mommy and Ranjit uncle
got down from the rickshaw. Both of them walked from there. I was shocked. "My
brother called him and said, "Oh, you were coming."
He said, "We were planning all this.
We planned it. We were going to surprise them. We gave them the surprise successfully.
We didn't know that those people were coming.
So mommy surprised us in a
nice way. We surprise
everyone. We surprised them.
We brought such nice statues as
gifts for them. We have a
gift from our aunt for our new house. We have a
beautiful
Panchdhatu
brush.
How expensive are they?
They are 45 kg. All the materials are
45 kg. So
you
can guess the price. Whoever knows about Panchdhatu,
comment and tell me
what the price will be. Then I will reveal the price to them
later. Okay, now the next blog
will be today's daily routine. Let's see what we
do during the day. If we can shoot, we will do it. If we can't, we won't. If it's raining, we wo
n't. Then if we can't shoot, we won't.
Okay, guys,
you say
bye. What's up, Laddu, bye.
Good morning. You
can see that she's feeling lazy because she woke up early. And I
think she's feeling lazy too. I don't think she woke up early. Guys, let's go. I
feel really good today. Prana, if you wake up early,
no,
bye, bye, bye, bye, bye. Guys, like, like.
Say bye, guys, she's
not talking, what's up, guys,
question mark, she
talks when the camera is off, she talks when the camera is on.
Not talking at all,
okay, cutie, cutie, guys, guys,
tell me how you liked the blog,
which part did you like and did you
like the dress that mommy
brought and tell me everything. Comment in the comments,
fast and subscribe, fast
ladoo closes.
