Guys, I got a surprise call from my mother and she Guys, I got a surprise call from my mother and she Guys, I got a surprise call from my mother and she gave me a surprise. You can see it here. Our gave me a surprise. You can see it here. Our gave me a surprise. You can see it here. Our mother, mother, came from behind and mother, mother, came from behind and mother, mother, came from behind and called me to pick her up. Rahul uncle came to me. came to me. came to me. Rahul uncle called me first and said, "I'm coming to Rahul uncle called me first and said, "I'm coming to Rahul uncle called me first and said, "I'm coming to pick you up." And suddenly, I did pick you up." And suddenly, I did pick you up." And suddenly, I did n't tell you to give a surprise to her. Bangla sound. Bangla sound. Bangla sound. Bangla sound. Bangla sound. Where is the ladoo? Where is the ladoo? Where is the ladoo? Where did the ladoo go? Oh wait, you didn't wash your feet. Oh Where did the ladoo go? Oh wait, you didn't wash your feet. Oh my God, there's no light. The light is coming. Everyone went to my God, there's no light. The light is coming. Everyone went to play. Here, here. Come here. Come here. Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? play. Here, here. Come here. Come here. Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Who came? Mother came. Mother came. Mother came. Mother came. When you come, how do you recognize me? How do you recognize me? Mother, who is this? Did you recognize me? I did Mother came. Mother came. Mother came. Mother came. When you come, how do you recognize me? How do you recognize me? Mother, who is this? Did you recognize me? I did n't recognize you. You are smart. You came right away. You saw me Come on, Come on, Come on, mom, why did you bring so many bags for laddus? Babu, did you bring us this? why did you bring so many bags for laddus? Babu, did you bring us this? why did you bring so many bags for laddus? Babu, did you bring us this? This is This is This is new. new. new. Why did you Why did you Why did you bring us uncle's? Oh, bring us uncle's? Oh, bring us uncle's? Oh, what is it? There is a surprise in this. what is it? There is a surprise in this. what is it? There is a surprise in this. We have something special. It weighs so big. It so big. It so big. It weighs 4050 kg. Who is eating this? Who is eating this? Who is eating this? Everyone is eating it. Come on, Everyone is eating it. Come on, Everyone is eating it. Come on, everyone is eating it. Do everyone is eating it. Do everyone is eating it. Do n't open it. What do n't open it. What do n't open it. What do you do there? What is not there? you do there? What is not there? you do there? What is not there? But put something. Neither the cloth below nor the cloth above. But put something. Neither the cloth below nor the cloth above. But put something. Neither the cloth below nor the cloth above. Directly, what is Directly, what is Directly, what is online? Ask for the online? Ask for the online? Ask for the idols. Guys, look. You can open the idols of Dr. Babasaheb idols. Guys, look. You can open the idols of Dr. Babasaheb idols. Guys, look. You can open the idols of Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar and Gautam Buddha. Wow, it's great. I'll catch Ambedkar and Gautam Buddha. Wow, it's great. I'll catch tea later. I'll go tea later. I'll go tea later. I'll go upstairs. upstairs. upstairs. We don't meet here. We don't meet here. We don't meet here. How much information do you have? Babu, look. These are Babu, look. These are Babu, look. These are brass muhurtas. Are they made of brass? These are made of five metals. Guys, look. brass muhurtas. Are they made of brass? These are made of five metals. Guys, look. Take a look at our Gautam Buddha. Oh, it's great. Is it a real Take a look at our Gautam Buddha. Oh, it's great. Is it a real result? Oh, it's great. result? Oh, it's great. result? Oh, it's great. How did we get excited while climbing the stairs? I How did we get excited while climbing the stairs? I How did we get excited while climbing the stairs? I only had this bag while walking. only had this bag while walking. only had this bag while walking. [Clearing throat] It's done. It's great. Keep it. great. Keep it. great. Keep it. Kheer should be made in the monastery in the evening. Kheer should be made in the monastery in the evening. Kheer should be made in the monastery in the evening. Where should we keep it? Where should we keep it? Where should we keep it? Otherwise, worship at your home. Later, we should keep it. Otherwise, worship at your home. Later, we should keep it. Decorate it well. It should be placed in the monastery. Decorate it well. It should be placed in the monastery. Decorate it well. It should be placed in the monastery. Otherwise, we will Otherwise, we will not do it today. And give it to aunt. Will she have not do it today. And give it to aunt. Will she have not do it today. And give it to aunt. Will she have fun? She will come to you. She will take it out on the fun? She will come to you. She will take it out on the fun? She will come to you. She will take it out on the phone. She does not want to phone. She does not want to phone. She does not want to eat everything. Ranjit uncle also did the work eat everything. Ranjit uncle also did the work eat everything. Ranjit uncle also did the work without his children, so he came back and took it away. He is very clever. Should I keep it? clever. Should I keep it? clever. Should I keep it? Now, I will Now, I will clean the worship done at clean the worship done at clean the worship done at your house. Do your house. Do your house. Do the worship in your hands. the worship in your hands. the worship in your hands. Guys, I went to grind the mill. Guys, I went to grind the mill. Guys, I went to grind the mill. By this time, Pragyan had By this time, Pragyan had By this time, Pragyan had decorated the idols very nicely. See how they decorated the idols very nicely. See how they decorated the idols very nicely. See how they look. One number is very beautiful. It looks very nice. look. One number is very beautiful. It looks very nice. look. One number is very beautiful. It looks very nice. Look, tell me how you feel. It looks Look, tell me how you feel. It looks Look, tell me how you feel. It looks very nice. The owner of the house came to see the house. Let's see what we are doing. She is eating laddus. What kind of footwork does Nadu need? Did she bend? What kind of footwork does Nadu need? Did she bend? [Sigh] She did not bend to speak. I heard that it was [Sigh] She did not bend to speak. I heard that it was well built. It was well built. It was well built. It was well built.  It's well built.  It's well built.  It's big, go inside and see, big, go inside and see, big, go inside and see, oh my god, it's so big, it has oh my god, it's so big, it has oh my god, it's so big, it has 12 columns, the doors are covered with slippers, covered with slippers, covered with slippers, guys, this is our hall, this is the hall, this is the kitchen, this is the alley, oh my kitchen, this is the alley, oh my god god god this is the bedroom, it's a this is the bedroom, it's a this is the bedroom, it's a big mess, but if the big mess, but if the big mess, but if the toilet was on the toilet was on the toilet was on the east-west side, it would have been even better. east-west side, it would have been even better. east-west side, it would have been even better. The doors are not The doors are not The doors are not high, high, high, why have you done this, why have you done this, why have you done this, how much has it been 9 lakhs so far?  [Exhale] I want to how much has it been 9 lakhs so far?  [Exhale] I want to how much has it been 9 lakhs so far?  [Exhale] I want to take a loan on this 10 lakhs.   This is take a loan on this 10 lakhs.   This is take a loan on this 10 lakhs.   This is Dadar. Dadar. Dadar. No, but [gasps] Is this the pair of you who are here No, but [gasps] Is this the pair of you who are here No, but [gasps] Is this the pair of you who are here ?  This is it, this ?  This is it, this Can you put gas in that corner, Can you put gas in that corner, Can you put gas in that corner, and is there a and is there a and is there a window over there?  Oh, window over there?  Oh, what's happening to him? what's happening to him? what's happening to him? Nothing is happening. If you Nothing is happening. If you Nothing is happening. If you turn on the fan, if there is smoke, it goes turn on the fan, if there is smoke, it goes turn on the fan, if there is smoke, it goes outside. outside. outside. Put a round on him. It's Put a round on him. It's not in him. But I thought, if you not in him. But I thought, if you not in him. But I thought, if you take it to the side here, [laughter] Okay, we can do it take it to the side here, [laughter] Okay, we can do it take it to the side here, [laughter] Okay, we can do it there. there. there. But we can do it But we can do it But we can do it there. If the window is broken, we there. If the window is broken, we there. If the window is broken, we need a window above the kitchen. There is no need a window above the kitchen. There is no need a window above the kitchen. There is no other place or other place or other place or chance to remove the window. chance to remove the window. chance to remove the window. Then do it here. Then the guys showed me the house. Mommy Then do it here. Then the guys showed me the house. Mommy Then do it here. Then the guys showed me the house. Mommy really liked it. Only the doors needed a little here and there. She really liked it. Only the doors needed a little here and there. She really liked it. Only the doors needed a little here and there. She says and says and says and chats with her friends. chats with her friends. chats with her friends. Okay, it Okay, it Okay, it feels great. Today, Mommy came to work. It feels great. Today, Mommy came to work. It feels great. Today, Mommy came to work. It feels much better. Falling relaxes feels much better. Falling relaxes feels much better. Falling relaxes and clothes. But look, Mommy brought them for laddus. and clothes. But look, Mommy brought them for laddus. and clothes. But look, Mommy brought them for laddus. Look, how they look. They are full professional. They did Look, how they look. They are full professional. They did n't do it professionally. Even though the baby went to us, they look n't do it professionally. Even though the baby went to us, they look n't do it professionally. Even though the baby went to us, they look sweet. sweet. sweet. Let's have a Let's have a Let's have a moment later. moment later. moment later. Guys, Mommy makes chapatis. Look, in our kitchen, Guys, Mommy makes chapatis. Look, in our kitchen, Guys, Mommy makes chapatis. Look, in our kitchen, we have the same kitchen. You can see. we have the same kitchen. You can see. we have the same kitchen. You can see. You can You can You can talk. Coach, everyone, get talk. Coach, everyone, get talk. Coach, everyone, get up and let Damila do it.  You don't want to do it, oh, I don't have the strength, I won't do it up and let Damila do it.  You don't want to do it, oh, I don't have the strength, I won't do it up and let Damila do it.  You don't want to do it, oh, I don't have the strength, I won't do it quickly, quickly, quickly, so I took my so I took my so I took my hand to fast, I understood, hand to fast, I understood, hand to fast, I understood, oh, I started to fast, say, now oh, I started to fast, say, now oh, I started to fast, say, now she is fast, now, oh, I took she is fast, now, oh, I took out the masala, out the masala, out the masala, now just, we had come after putting the fudge, the now just, we had come after putting the fudge, the now just, we had come after putting the fudge, the light went out, so much problem must have been overloaded, maybe the light went out, so much problem must have been overloaded, maybe the light went out, so much problem must have been overloaded, maybe the fudge blew up because of it, fudge blew up because of it, fudge blew up because of it, now, family, now, family, now, family, family, lunch time, after a long time, time, after a long time, how do you charge your phone, look, guys, now just, I have gone to how do you charge your phone, look, guys, now just, I have gone to how do you charge your phone, look, guys, now just, I have gone to Manta, now it's six in the evening Manta, now it's six in the evening Manta, now it's six in the evening and I have brought vegetables, etc. I was going to come to my and I have brought vegetables, etc. I was going to come to my and I have brought vegetables, etc. I was going to come to my mother, suddenly, I did mother, suddenly, I did mother, suddenly, I did n't know, for that I have brought all kinds of n't know, for that I have brought all kinds of n't know, for that I have brought all kinds of vegetables and have vegetables and have vegetables and have stopped here at the filter, why did uncle stopped here at the filter, why did uncle stopped here at the filter, why did uncle fill the water, uncle said, let's fill the water, uncle said, let's fill the water, uncle said, let's go, now let's go go, now let's go go, now let's go back home, now, back home, now, back home, now, guys, bye, good night, like, share, guys, bye, good night, like, share, guys, bye, good night, like, share, subscribe, now we are sleeping, subscribe, now we are sleeping, subscribe, now we are sleeping, our light went out, I did our light went out, I did our light went out, I did n't take a blog for that, now let's meet in the next log, n't take a blog for that, now let's meet in the next log, n't take a blog for that, now let's meet in the next log, okay, Tata, see you in the next  Log okay, Tata, see you in the next  Log okay, Tata, see you in the next  Log Good morning guys Log ended at Good morning guys Log ended at Good morning guys Log ended at night but said let me night but said let me night but said let me show you a little morning but it's 8 am now show you a little morning but it's 8 am now show you a little morning but it's 8 am now and we woke up at seven o'clock tea or tea and we woke up at seven o'clock tea or tea and we woke up at seven o'clock tea or tea etc. We are now drinking tea and etc. We are now drinking tea and etc. We are now drinking tea and making breakfast for mommy here. making breakfast for mommy here. making breakfast for mommy here. You can see how much You can see how much You can see how much hard work is going on there. hard work is going on there. hard work is going on there. [Clearing throat] Got up very early [Clearing throat] Got up very early [Clearing throat] Got up very early otherwise she doesn't get up this early today. otherwise she doesn't get up this early today. otherwise she doesn't get up this early today. Cow really got up very early and Laddu also got up. Look, Cow really got up very early and Laddu also got up. Look, Cow really got up very early and Laddu also got up. Look, Laddu sleeps with us till nine o'clock but Laddu sleeps with us till nine o'clock but Laddu sleeps with us till nine o'clock but she also got up early. Say good morning, say she also got up early. Say good morning, say she also got up early. Say good morning, say no, say good morning. Like this. Like this. no, say good morning. Like this. Like this. We will still have to wait for everything. We will take mommy to our grandmother's house in We will still have to wait for everything. We will take mommy to our grandmother's house in We will still have to wait for everything. We will take mommy to our grandmother's house in Savargaon, that is, to my Savargaon, that is, to my Savargaon, that is, to my mommy's mommy. Now we are going to go. We are mommy's mommy. Now we are going to go. We are mommy's mommy. Now we are going to go. We are okay. Our avatar is very bad. Cow is okay. Our avatar is very bad. Cow is okay. Our avatar is very bad. Cow is here. We are cleaning the coriander. here. We are cleaning the coriander. here. We are cleaning the coriander. What did you do? I made a song here. Look at the analogy What did you do? I made a song here. Look at the analogy What did you do? I made a song here. Look at the analogy like this. Here is tea. Oh, medicine, like this. Here is tea. Oh, medicine, like this. Here is tea. Oh, medicine, come on, come on, come on, medicine, don't you want it? [Crying] medicine, don't you want it? [Crying] medicine, don't you want it? [Crying] Where to go? Where to go? Where to go? Where is the Where is the Where is the milk?  Do milk?  Do milk?  Do you want milk? you want milk? you want milk? Eat milk and chocolate.  Chocolate means how chocolates are prepared so beautifully. I woke up yesterday morning. I I woke up yesterday morning. I I woke up yesterday morning. I woke up at 9:30. Then I got a woke up at 9:30. Then I got a woke up at 9:30. Then I got a call from Rahul uncle that he was coming to pick call from Rahul uncle that he was coming to pick call from Rahul uncle that he was coming to pick me up yesterday. Suddenly, what if you came here? I me up yesterday. Suddenly, what if you came here? I me up yesterday. Suddenly, what if you came here? I said, "Come here." I thought, "What happened at said, "Come here." I thought, "What happened at said, "Come here." I thought, "What happened at his house? What happened to the his house? What happened to the his house? What happened to the chocolate?" "What happened to the chocolate?" "What happened to the chocolate?" "What happened to the chocolate?" "Come here," I said, "Come here," he chocolate?" "What happened to the chocolate?" "What happened to the chocolate?" "What happened to the chocolate?" "Come here," I said, "Come here," he said, "Okay, brother, come." said, "Okay, brother, come." said, "Okay, brother, come." Then I went there and called him and said, " Then I went there and called him and said, " Then I went there and called him and said, " Where is he?" "Wait, wait," I said, "I'm coming." Then I Where is he?" "Wait, wait," I said, "I'm coming." Then I Where is he?" "Wait, wait," I said, "I'm coming." Then I saw that mommy and Ranjit uncle saw that mommy and Ranjit uncle saw that mommy and Ranjit uncle got down from the rickshaw. Both of them walked from there. I was shocked. "My got down from the rickshaw. Both of them walked from there. I was shocked. "My got down from the rickshaw. Both of them walked from there. I was shocked. "My brother called him and said, "Oh, you were coming." brother called him and said, "Oh, you were coming." brother called him and said, "Oh, you were coming." He said, "We were planning all this. He said, "We were planning all this. He said, "We were planning all this. We planned it. We were going to surprise them. We gave them the surprise successfully. We planned it. We were going to surprise them. We gave them the surprise successfully. We didn't know that those people were coming. We didn't know that those people were coming. We didn't know that those people were coming. So mommy surprised us in a So mommy surprised us in a So mommy surprised us in a nice way. We surprise nice way. We surprise nice way. We surprise everyone. We surprised them. everyone. We surprised them. We brought such nice statues as We brought such nice statues as We brought such nice statues as gifts for them.  We have a gifts for them.  We have a gifts for them.  We have a gift from our aunt for our new house. We have a gift from our aunt for our new house. We have a gift from our aunt for our new house. We have a beautiful beautiful beautiful Panchdhatu Panchdhatu Panchdhatu brush. brush. brush. How expensive are they? How expensive are they? How expensive are they? They are 45 kg. All the materials are They are 45 kg. All the materials are They are 45 kg. All the materials are 45 kg. So 45 kg. So 45 kg. So you you you can guess the price. Whoever knows about Panchdhatu, can guess the price. Whoever knows about Panchdhatu, can guess the price. Whoever knows about Panchdhatu, comment and tell me comment and tell me comment and tell me what the price will be. Then I will reveal the price to them what the price will be. Then I will reveal the price to them what the price will be. Then I will reveal the price to them later. Okay, now the next blog later. Okay, now the next blog later. Okay, now the next blog will be today's daily routine. Let's see what we will be today's daily routine. Let's see what we will be today's daily routine. Let's see what we do during the day. If we can shoot, we will do it. If we can't, we won't. If it's raining, we wo do during the day. If we can shoot, we will do it. If we can't, we won't. If it's raining, we wo n't. Then if we can't shoot, we won't. n't. Then if we can't shoot, we won't. n't. Then if we can't shoot, we won't. Okay, guys, Okay, guys, Okay, guys, you say you say you say bye. What's up, Laddu, bye. bye. What's up, Laddu, bye. bye. What's up, Laddu, bye. Good morning. You Good morning. You can see that she's feeling lazy because she woke up early. And I can see that she's feeling lazy because she woke up early. And I can see that she's feeling lazy because she woke up early. And I think she's feeling lazy too. I don't think she woke up early. Guys, let's go. I think she's feeling lazy too. I don't think she woke up early. Guys, let's go. I think she's feeling lazy too. I don't think she woke up early. Guys, let's go. I feel really good today. Prana, if you wake up early, feel really good today. Prana, if you wake up early, feel really good today. Prana, if you wake up early, no, no, no, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye. Guys, like, like. bye, bye, bye, bye, bye. Guys, like, like. Say bye, guys, she's Say bye, guys, she's Say bye, guys, she's not talking, what's up, guys, not talking, what's up, guys, not talking, what's up, guys, question mark, she question mark, she question mark, she talks when the camera is off, she talks when the camera is on. talks when the camera is off, she talks when the camera is on. talks when the camera is off, she talks when the camera is on. Not talking at all, Not talking at all, Not talking at all, okay, cutie, cutie, guys, guys, okay, cutie, cutie, guys, guys, tell me how you liked the blog, tell me how you liked the blog, tell me how you liked the blog, which part did you like and did you which part did you like and did you which part did you like and did you like the dress that mommy like the dress that mommy like the dress that mommy brought and tell me everything. Comment in the comments, brought and tell me everything. Comment in the comments, brought and tell me everything. Comment in the comments, fast and subscribe, fast fast and subscribe, fast fast and subscribe, fast ladoo closes.