Yeah, you understand, right?  Do you understand?  I can't stop it Yeah, you understand, right?  Do you understand?  I can't stop it Yeah, you understand, right?  Do you understand?  I can't stop it brother.  No, you have become a mother yet, it's okay, just brother.  No, you have become a mother yet, it's okay, just brother.  No, you have become a mother yet, it's okay, just excuse me, don't try. excuse me, don't try. excuse me, don't try. Why don't you take care of your child and pay attention to me. Why don't you take care of your child and pay attention to me. Guys, our mother got injured in the meantime. Guys, our mother got injured in the meantime. Guys, our mother got injured in the meantime. Hello friends, how are you all? Hello friends, how are you all? Hello friends, how are you all? Welcome to another exciting new vlog. Welcome to another exciting new vlog. Welcome to another exciting new vlog. Jai Shri Ram to all of you.  How are you all Jai Shri Ram to all of you.  How are you all Jai Shri Ram to all of you.  How are you all ?  So guys, what about me today ?  So guys, what about me today ?  So guys, what about me today ? ? Our Garhwa brings water filled with water.  She Our Garhwa brings water filled with water.  She Our Garhwa brings water filled with water.  She brings it filled because my well brings it filled because my well brings it filled because my well worship is very late.  I mean, after three months, worship is very late.  I mean, after three months, worship is very late.  I mean, after three months, our well pujan is ours, my well pujan is our well pujan is ours, my well pujan is our well pujan is ours, my well pujan is our baby's well pujan, so that's why our baby's well pujan, so that's why our baby's well pujan, so that's why after two-three months, in between, I after two-three months, in between, I after two-three months, in between, I can go to Mem Mai's or go to the market somewhere, I can go to Mem Mai's or go to the market somewhere, I can go to Mem Mai's or go to the market somewhere, I mean, for going out of the house, so today that mean, for going out of the house, so today that mean, for going out of the house, so today that ritual is being done so that after that, I have done all my ritual is being done so that after that, I have done all my ritual is being done so that after that, I have done all my outdoor work worth crores, outdoor work worth crores, outdoor work worth crores, so today is our ritual, I am not ready yet, so today is our ritual, I am not ready yet, so today is our ritual, I am not ready yet, I am getting ready and I am getting ready and I am getting ready and I had brought this Rajasthani saree I had brought this Rajasthani saree I had brought this Rajasthani saree from Salasar, there is a shop in Salasar, I from Salasar, there is a shop in Salasar, I from Salasar, there is a shop in Salasar, I mean, I had shot that blog vlog, I did mean, I had shot that blog vlog, I did mean, I had shot that blog vlog, I did not give it, that is my blog before the baby, I will not give it, that is my blog before the baby, I will not give it, that is my blog before the baby, I will give it sometime, I had brought a lot of give it sometime, I had brought a lot of give it sometime, I had brought a lot of sarees and Rajasthani dresses from there, sarees and Rajasthani dresses from there, sarees and Rajasthani dresses from there, if I get time, I will edit it and if I get time, I will edit it and if I get time, I will edit it and share it with you guys when I go to Salasar Dham, that is share it with you guys when I go to Salasar Dham, that is share it with you guys when I go to Salasar Dham, that is Balaji's Balaji's Balaji's shop, right next to it, and the rest, I will get ready now, shop, right next to it, and the rest, I will get ready now, shop, right next to it, and the rest, I will get ready now, Gudiya is going to Dadi Maa's, Gudiya is going to Dadi Maa's, Gudiya is going to Dadi Maa's, she is very happy to stay with Maa Ji she is very happy to stay with Maa Ji she is very happy to stay with Maa Ji because she starts singing bhajans and becomes completely because she starts singing bhajans and becomes completely because she starts singing bhajans and becomes completely relaxed, we are very happy to see this thing. relaxed, we are very happy to see this thing. relaxed, we are very happy to see this thing. That the mother should be happy and the child should That the mother should be happy and the child should That the mother should be happy and the child should also be happy, otherwise if the child becomes such that he starts making also be happy, otherwise if the child becomes such that he starts making also be happy, otherwise if the child becomes such that he starts making noise while being taken in the cow, then it will become difficult. noise while being taken in the cow, then it will become difficult. noise while being taken in the cow, then it will become difficult. Children do it but he is happy listening to bhajans. Children do it but he is happy listening to bhajans. Children do it but he is happy listening to bhajans. Meaning good values ​​are going away.  Grandma is Meaning good values ​​are going away.  Grandma is Meaning good values ​​are going away.  Grandma is also relaxing. also relaxing. also relaxing. And mother's wishes are also being And mother's wishes are also being And mother's wishes are also being fulfilled in her lap. fulfilled in her lap. fulfilled in her lap. Jai Shri Ram Maa Ji. Jai Shri Ram Maa Ji. Jai Shri Ram Maa Ji. Greetings brother. Greetings brother. Greetings brother. Look brother, she sleeps so relaxed and happy.   Let me Look brother, she sleeps so relaxed and happy.   Let me sing bhajans for them.  Yes, I recited it carefully. sing bhajans for them.  Yes, I recited it carefully. sing bhajans for them.  Yes, I recited it carefully. Brother, my mother looks absolutely young.  It does Brother, my mother looks absolutely young.  It does Brother, my mother looks absolutely young.  It does n't seem like I do n't seem like I do n't seem like I do n't get the feeling of brother and mother.  When I am with my mother, I get that n't get the feeling of brother and mother.  When I am with my mother, I get that n't get the feeling of brother and mother.  When I am with my mother, I get that young feeling.   Thank young feeling.   Thank young feeling.   Thank you.  Give me this blessing today too [laughs] you.  Give me this blessing today too [laughs] you.  Give me this blessing today too [laughs] brother, after the water break, it's like now the brother, after the water break, it's like now the brother, after the water break, it's like now the mother can go to the kitchen, you are in and out, if she needs mother can go to the kitchen, you are in and out, if she needs mother can go to the kitchen, you are in and out, if she needs something, she something, she something, she can go to the kitchen, brother, it's been a month since she's been doing her mother-in-law's work, is can go to the kitchen, brother, it's been a month since she's been doing her mother-in-law's work, is can go to the kitchen, brother, it's been a month since she's been doing her mother-in-law's work, is n't it like n't it like n't it like now go to the kitchen, eat, reduce the work, do something, do anything, do it, do it, right? now go to the kitchen, eat, reduce the work, do something, do anything, do it, do it, right? [laughs] you understand, all this [laughs] you understand, all this [laughs] you understand, all this is enough, is enough, is enough, brother, everyone is ready and Buaji has also come, her brother, everyone is ready and Buaji has also come, her Babu is also Babu is also Babu is also ready, Babu is also fully ready, stay away, ready, Babu is also fully ready, stay away, ready, Babu is also fully ready, stay away, this is the disadvantage of staying away, this is the disadvantage of staying away, this is the disadvantage of staying away, Seemi, Seemi, Seemi, yes yes yes Seema didi, see, Seema didi, see, Seema didi, see, this is the disadvantage of staying away [laughter] this is the disadvantage of staying away [laughter] this is the disadvantage of staying away [laughter] now if you are nearby, then come quickly, if there is any now if you are nearby, then come quickly, if there is any now if you are nearby, then come quickly, if there is any program at home, it's okay, program at home, it's okay, program at home, it's okay, your blood will boil [laughter] I can hear your blood will boil [laughter] I can hear your blood will boil [laughter] I can hear Mummy's voice from outside, don't make my daughter Mummy's voice from outside, don't make my daughter Mummy's voice from outside, don't make my daughter cry, brother, I'm not making her cry, brother, I'm not making her cry, brother, I'm not making her cry, I'm just telling you, cry, I'm just telling you, cry, I'm just telling you, brother, the pros and cons, brother, the pros and cons, brother, the pros and cons, Kesh ji, Kesh ji, Kesh ji, I'm not going to I'm not going to I'm not going to stop it, I'm not going to stop it, I'm not going to stop it, I'm not going to stop it, brother, she's just become a mother, right stop it, brother, she's just become a mother, right stop it, brother, she's just become a mother, right now, it's okay, now, it's okay, now, it's okay, try it a little.  C try it a little.  C try it a little.  C wait son, just for two minutes [laughs] I wait son, just for two minutes [laughs] I wait son, just for two minutes [laughs] I applied the stitches in reverse order, I have applied the stitches in reverse order, I have applied the stitches in reverse order, I have not applied them in reverse order, look, the one not applied them in reverse order, look, the one not applied them in reverse order, look, the one below is left, below is left, below is left, yes this one is left [laughs] yes this one is left [laughs] yes this one is left [laughs] because of that it is not coming, so after this because of that it is not coming, so after this because of that it is not coming, so after this I will go to uncle's house [laughs] to grandmother's place, for I will go to uncle's house [laughs] to grandmother's place, for I will go to uncle's house [laughs] to grandmother's place, for a few days I will wake up grandmother also the whole night a few days I will wake up grandmother also the whole night a few days I will wake up grandmother also the whole night ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok mummy ji has also done it brother everyone is busy with their mummy ji has also done it brother everyone is busy with their mummy ji has also done it brother everyone is busy with their preparations mummy ji please preparations mummy ji please preparations mummy ji please see guys I don't know if this happens only with me see guys I don't know if this happens only with me see guys I don't know if this happens only with me or with everyone.  Now I made or with everyone.  Now I made or with everyone.  Now I made my doll wear this dress.  This entire my doll wear this dress.  This entire my doll wear this dress.  This entire dress is straight but one of its arms is dress is straight but one of its arms is dress is straight but one of its arms is attached upside down.  See, attached upside down.  See, attached upside down.  See, this stitch is on the outside.  This stitch this stitch is on the outside.  This stitch this stitch is on the outside.  This stitch is on the outside.  One side is upside down and this other side is on the outside.  One side is upside down and this other side is on the outside.  One side is upside down and this other side is straight.  [laughs] I've been is straight.  [laughs] I've been is straight.  [laughs] I've been cheated.  Are?  So guys, I am fully ready. cheated.  Are?  So guys, I am fully ready. cheated.  Are?  So guys, I am fully ready. I too, Babu, his aunt, his I too, Babu, his aunt, his I too, Babu, his aunt, his grandmother too.  Everyone is ready.  Sit down grandmother too.  Everyone is ready.  Sit down grandmother too.  Everyone is ready.  Sit down straight mother yes okay yes yes straight mother yes okay yes yes straight mother yes okay yes yes okay okay okay how far will we go mummy how far will we go mummy how far will we go mummy till your house slowly [laughs] yes come on mother let's go [laughs] I will [laughs] I will [laughs] I will show you show you show you yes come come see this I have completed the block here see this I have completed the block here see this I have completed the block here yes now tie two of them keep it on top keep it on top [laughs] keep it on top keep it on top [laughs] keep it on top keep it on top [laughs] keep the water from this from here keep the water from this from here keep the water from this from here comfortably now let's fill these two buckets of water now let's fill these two buckets of water now let's fill these two buckets of water ok run it ok run it ok run it hold it for a minute back hold it for a minute back hold it for a minute back yes pick it up pick it up both will fill it pick it up yes pick it up pick it up both will fill it pick it up fill it separately ok okay come on fill it separately ok okay come on now first [laughs] say Ram Ram he has done Ram Ram he has done Ram Ram he has done Dhoka Dhoka he has done Jai Jai like this look at this child once.  [laughs] Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, hey look, hey look, hey look, mom will make me sit back, she will mom will make me sit back, she will mom will make me sit back, she will poke her head, hey, mom is scaring me, catch it, in this much time, she has gone away, mom is scaring me, catch it, in this much time, she has gone away, look, look, look, catch it, catch it, catch it, last time guys, I raised this child, last time guys, I raised this child, last time guys, I raised this child, when I did not have a child, when I did not have a child, when I did not have a child, this time a child came to me, I said, you this time a child came to me, I said, you this time a child came to me, I said, you raise it yourself, sister, I have time, raise it yourself, sister, I have time, raise it yourself, sister, I have time, brother, both of its mothers are sitting here. brother, both of its mothers are sitting here. brother, both of its mothers are sitting here. Look at this Look at this Look at this Look son, a small child like you, at the same Look son, a small child like you, at the same Look son, a small child like you, at the same time a bird had made a nest in our house time a bird had made a nest in our house time a bird had made a nest in our house and the delivery took place at the same time. and the delivery took place at the same time. and the delivery took place at the same time. His child also became a flight attendant. His child also became a flight attendant. His child also became a flight attendant. Son, when will you pay the bill?  [laughter] Are you? Son, when will you pay the bill?  [laughter] Are you? Son, when will you pay the bill?  [laughter] Are you? You make me sit on it. You make me sit on it. You make me sit on it. Yes. Yes. Yes. Sit down, son.  Sit here. Why don't you go and take care of your child? You are paying Why don't you go and take care of your child? You are paying Why don't you go and take care of your child? You are paying attention to me [laughs] ok yes no problem now the days of Jacha are over, it's been problem now the days of Jacha are over, it's been problem now the days of Jacha are over, it's been 21 days, the water has come, have you brought the 21 days, the water has come, have you brought the water, water, water, yes bless me take it yes bless me take it yes bless me take it together together together mother, give it to me, just give it to me, just give it to me, no no mother, give it to me, just give it to me, just give it to me, no no give it to me [laughs] give it to me [laughs] give it to me [laughs] yes yes yes in the kitchen in the kitchen in the kitchen yes [nasal sound] switch on the light, put the weight back in the kitchen on the light, put the weight back in the kitchen or when you slip, the or when you slip, the or when you slip, the well worship is different, son, well worship is different, son, well worship is different, son, ok ok ok this is done with the water that you this is done with the water that you this is done with the water that you can roam freely in the house, we can roam freely in the house, we can roam freely in the house, we can leave you alone here and there and you can also come to the kitchen, can leave you alone here and there and you can also come to the kitchen, can leave you alone here and there and you can also come to the kitchen, son. son. son. Well guys, I was roaming around like this before also.   What I mean to Well guys, I was roaming around like this before also.   What I mean to Well guys, I was roaming around like this before also.   What I mean to say is that you should do your work yourself. say is that you should do your work yourself. say is that you should do your work yourself. Now get up, son, and get the job done. Now get up, son, and get the job done. Now get up, son, and get the job done. What should I do now?  [laughs] I don't understand it at all, I don't What should I do now?  [laughs] I don't understand it at all, I don't What should I do now?  [laughs] I don't understand it at all, I don't understand much.  He is definitely a lazy person. understand much.  He is definitely a lazy person. understand much.  He is definitely a lazy person. Then the worship of the well will be like the glory. Then the worship of the well will be like the glory. Then the worship of the well will be like the glory. Okay, should I bring mother's blessings?  O Okay, should I bring mother's blessings?  O Okay, should I bring mother's blessings?  O Dukh Ma ke Babu Jai Jai Shri Ram brother, I am Dukh Ma ke Babu Jai Jai Shri Ram brother, I am Dukh Ma ke Babu Jai Jai Shri Ram brother, I am Nanno Munno, it's okay, I am done talking Nanno Munno, it's okay, I am done talking Nanno Munno, it's okay, I am done talking brother, she is saying work, she is saying dance for me [laughs] saying work, she is saying dance for me [laughs] saying work, she is saying dance for me [laughs] bless me, be happy, may your daughter bless me, be happy, may your daughter bless me, be happy, may your daughter grow up soon.  Yes and [laughs] grow up soon.  Yes and [laughs] grow up soon.  Yes and [laughs] yes become a big YouTuber yes become a big YouTuber yes become a big YouTuber and that means stay healthy, don't bother me, do and that means stay healthy, don't bother me, do and that means stay healthy, don't bother me, do n't tease me at night, do it like this, Simmi has gone to n't tease me at night, do it like this, Simmi has gone to n't tease me at night, do it like this, Simmi has gone to sleep but now you spend the rest of the days and sleep but now you spend the rest of the days and sleep but now you spend the rest of the days and mom will say that we have finished your sleep for mom will say that we have finished your sleep for mom will say that we have finished your sleep for a day [laughs] a day [laughs] a day [laughs] yes no, yes no, yes no, I don't commit I don't commit I don't commit this sin.  Mummy, this sin.  Mummy, this sin.  Mummy, just just, just live long, always be happy, always be a married woman, prosper, come to just just, just live long, always be happy, always be a married woman, prosper, come to just just, just live long, always be happy, always be a married woman, prosper, come to dadu, go dadu, go dadu, go brother Babulal Babulal Babulal brother Babulal Babulal Babulal brother Babulal Babulal Babulal whose new name is not in the rounds, Baburao whose new name is not in the rounds, Baburao whose new name is not in the rounds, Baburao Bapte, Bapte, Bapte, I asked Lalli, who is your name, I asked Lalli, who is your name, I asked Lalli, who is your name, what is your name, what is your name, what is your name, what is your name [laughs] what is your name [laughs] what is your name [laughs] Radha Rani, Radha Rani told me, a little Radha Rani, Radha Rani told me, a little Radha Rani, Radha Rani told me, a little girl is swinging in my courtyard, girl is swinging in my courtyard, look at Chotni, she is saying Jai Shri Ram, guys, don't look at Chotni, she is saying Jai Shri Ram, guys, don't look at Chotni, she is saying Jai Shri Ram, guys, don't bother her, bother her, bother her, now she is saying, let now she is saying, let now she is saying, let me go, uncle, me go, uncle, me go, uncle, now she is saying, mummy, take down the din now she is saying, mummy, take down the din now she is saying, mummy, take down the din and me and me and me when I remained silent, I am done with your drama, when I remained silent, I am done with your drama, when I remained silent, I am done with your drama, little Keshav is very small [laughs] Keshav, little Keshav is very small [laughs] Keshav, little Keshav is very small [laughs] Keshav, one or two, one or two, one or two, yes, this boy will take care of one house, these two houses, yes, this boy will take care of one house, these two houses, see guys, now after he has come, he is saying, do see guys, now after he has come, he is saying, do see guys, now after he has come, he is saying, do n't go to your house and the grandparents are saying, come n't go to your house and the grandparents are saying, come n't go to your house and the grandparents are saying, come home soon, your demands have increased home soon, your demands have increased home soon, your demands have increased son [laughs] brother, son [laughs] brother, son [laughs] brother, come come come along, mother, I will take you there in my car, mother  I will in my car, mother  I will in my car, mother  I will feed him while sitting and now you guys please feed him while sitting and now you guys please feed him while sitting and now you guys please tell me by commenting, guys my baby has tell me by commenting, guys my baby has tell me by commenting, guys my baby has some gas in his stomach, some gas in his stomach, some gas in his stomach, what treatment should I do for it because I have just what treatment should I do for it because I have just what treatment should I do for it because I have just become a mother, his [laughs] stomach pains, he become a mother, his [laughs] stomach pains, he become a mother, his [laughs] stomach pains, he keeps crying the whole night, so we also feel sad keeps crying the whole night, so we also feel sad keeps crying the whole night, so we also feel sad that brother, he is crying, please that brother, he is crying, please that brother, he is crying, please tell me your own experience, I have tell me your own experience, I have tell me your own experience, I have used the roller used the roller used the roller guys, his uncle had bought this swing with so much love guys, his uncle had bought this swing with so much love but he does not like this swing. but he does not like this swing. but he does not like this swing. He just He just He just likes this swing guys, our likes this swing guys, our likes this swing guys, our mother got hurt in the middle, we all got shocked. mother got hurt in the middle, we all got shocked. mother got hurt in the middle, we all got shocked. Look guys, my mom was making porridge Look guys, my mom was making porridge Look guys, my mom was making porridge and as soon as my mom said this, it and as soon as my mom said this, it and as soon as my mom said this, it jumped and fell on my mom's side, see jumped and fell on my mom's side, see jumped and fell on my mom's side, see how much it got burnt, my mom's guys, it got how much it got burnt, my mom's guys, it got how much it got burnt, my mom's guys, it got burnt at my mom's place and Kesh ji burnt at my mom's place and Kesh ji burnt at my mom's place and Kesh ji immediately ran with water and started pouring it, my immediately ran with water and started pouring it, my immediately ran with water and started pouring it, my mom did not pour it, the kitchen will have to be cleaned, so guys, mom did not pour it, the kitchen will have to be cleaned, so guys, mom did not pour it, the kitchen will have to be cleaned, so guys, how are you looking, how are you looking, how are you looking, do tell me by commenting on the vlog, we will meet in the next vlog, till then do tell me by commenting on the vlog, we will meet in the next vlog, till then do tell me by commenting on the vlog, we will meet in the next vlog, till then Jai Shri Krishna Jai ​​Shri Ram Tera [Music] [Music] [Song voice]