Oh, Taini, say hi! Hello everyone! So it's me, Taini, and welcome back to my YouTube channel! Hi! Yay! Hi! So guys, anyway, this is just a quick update about my skin after using her skin for 30 days. Or should I say one month? So one month ago, I was on her skin and I was on my day plan and I was on my day plan. So I'm going to do a quick update about my skin after using my experience for 30 days. So, let's go! So guys, I'm going to show you my actual skin. So I have my actual skin right now. If I'm not going to do my hair, I'm going to do my own pimples. So I'm going to do my hair with my own pimples. And I'm going to do my own pimples. So I'm not sure if it's skin for a jint though. But before I started using my skin, I wanted to do my hair. I wanted to do my hair, but I wanted to do my hair with my own pimples. So I'm going to do my own pimples. So I'm going to do my own pimples because I want my skin to be skinless. So I'm going to do my own pimples because I want my skin to be something that I want to do. Which is in bumps. Before I started using my own hair, I wanted to do my own skin. But before I started using my own skin, I wanted to do my own dark spots. I wanted to do my own pimples, but before I started doing my own, I wanted to improve my skin. So guys, after 30 days after using my own skin, I wanted to do my own skin. compared to the other one. It's bright and light and dark spots, but it's not like white and black. So if you don't have a lot of skin, you can use it to make black and black. And for 30 days, guys, I'm going to use the first skin. I'm going to use the second one, but I'm going to use the other one. So I'm going to show you guys if you don't have experience, then we start with the toner. My turn will appear every other day. I'm going to cringe when I'm t dental. Actually,orf morning I'm a toner guy. I want to use this shade actually, not the sunscreen but the skin. I hope we don't wear it like I've never worn a toner before. I want to use it for the skin full on. If you can't get a toner, not the sunscreen but you know it, so if I can't experience in the flyx you're not going to be able to use it, then that's fine, I have a toner every other day and I have a toner or I have a toner that I can't use but I have a toner every other day so I have a toner for my cream and I have a toner for my sun so I'm going to put it on my skin and then I'm going to use my skin so I'm going to use my night cream for her I have proceeding with her sunscreen I'm going to put this now on my sunscreen and for the information I wanted to deal with this Remember guys, I'm not sure if you guys remember my words, but I'm going to say them. So, guys, I'm going to show you how to make a sunscreen conference tonight. So guys, I'm going to show you how to make a toner. So, a toner is a little bit different. I don't know if you guys know it, but I'm going to say it. I don't know if you guys know it, but I'm going to say it. Imagine if you have a toner, but you can use a night cream or a sunscreen. I don't know if you guys know it, but I'm going to say it. But at times, I don't know if you guys know it, but I don't know if you guys know it. So, I don't know if you guys know it, but I don't know if you guys know it. So, guys, if you guys know what I recommend to you guys, I'm going to say 7 days challenge. So, I'm going to say 7 days challenge using her skin. So, if you guys know what I'm saying, I'm going to give you links in the description box. So, if you guys know what I'm saying, I'm going to say 7 days challenge using her skin. So, guys, I'm going to show you how to make a toner. So, I will see you all on my next one. Bye!