What's up guys? I'm here with another What's up guys? I'm here with another What's up guys? I'm here with another product review. I have the enhanced product review. I have the enhanced product review. I have the enhanced tabletop backpack. I got this online. It tabletop backpack. I got this online. It tabletop backpack. I got this online. It was $109. I have a gaming backpack. I was $109. I have a gaming backpack. I was $109. I have a gaming backpack. I saw this one. It's by the same company. saw this one. It's by the same company. saw this one. It's by the same company. I'm going to compare it to the one I I'm going to compare it to the one I I'm going to compare it to the one I have. But I really like it and let's have. But I really like it and let's have. But I really like it and let's show off why I think this is an awesome show off why I think this is an awesome show off why I think this is an awesome backpack. So if you're going to the game backpack. So if you're going to the game backpack. So if you're going to the game store, you know you're going to be store, you know you're going to be store, you know you're going to be carrying a lot of deck boxes and get carrying a lot of deck boxes and get carrying a lot of deck boxes and get tossed around. So the big feature to tossed around. So the big feature to tossed around. So the big feature to open up is open up is open up is right here we have room for deck boxes. right here we have room for deck boxes. right here we have room for deck boxes. One, two, kind of a bigger one, One, two, kind of a bigger one, One, two, kind of a bigger one, commander deck, two, commander deck, two, commander deck, two, three. So five and then I have it in three. So five and then I have it in three. So five and then I have it in here. I'm about to go to a friend's here. I'm about to go to a friend's here. I'm about to go to a friend's house for draft. So I have my commons house for draft. So I have my commons house for draft. So I have my commons and some counters and stuff in this box and some counters and stuff in this box and some counters and stuff in this box here. This is sort of like my my go-to. here. This is sort of like my my go-to. here. This is sort of like my my go-to. Top, you have little Top, you have little Top, you have little Velcro here. You can stick maybe pencils Velcro here. You can stick maybe pencils Velcro here. You can stick maybe pencils or dice or counters, all that kind of or dice or counters, all that kind of or dice or counters, all that kind of stuff. So that's nice. stuff. So that's nice. stuff. So that's nice. There's also a pocket here. You can There's also a pocket here. You can There's also a pocket here. You can stick some paper, pencil, whatever. But stick some paper, pencil, whatever. But stick some paper, pencil, whatever. But there's storage and it's also zipped there's storage and it's also zipped there's storage and it's also zipped storage, which is nice. So that's sort storage, which is nice. So that's sort storage, which is nice. So that's sort of like the big one. Big pocket, but you of like the big one. Big pocket, but you of like the big one. Big pocket, but you know, say you want to get to it from the know, say you want to get to it from the know, say you want to get to it from the side. side. side. Here. So you could just take this out Here. So you could just take this out Here. So you could just take this out kind of easily. So that's kind of nice. kind of easily. So that's kind of nice. kind of easily. So that's kind of nice. Don't have to unzip the whole thing. Don't have to unzip the whole thing. Don't have to unzip the whole thing. Another zipper up here, which is not Another zipper up here, which is not Another zipper up here, which is not very big. I will say that. This is kind very big. I will say that. This is kind very big. I will say that. This is kind of small. So this is not taking much. On of small. So this is not taking much. On of small. So this is not taking much. On the other side, this is one thing I the other side, this is one thing I the other side, this is one thing I really like when comparing it to the really like when comparing it to the really like when comparing it to the other backpack they made. They other backpack they made. They other backpack they made. They I put two play mats here, but you could I put two play mats here, but you could I put two play mats here, but you could also stick like a water bottle here. One also stick like a water bottle here. One also stick like a water bottle here. One of the issues I have with the other of the issues I have with the other of the issues I have with the other backpack, which is backpack, which is backpack, which is This is heavy cuz it's full of decks. Is This is heavy cuz it's full of decks. Is This is heavy cuz it's full of decks. Is you can't actually this is the enhanced you can't actually this is the enhanced you can't actually this is the enhanced collector edition, I believe. I don't collector edition, I believe. I don't collector edition, I believe. I don't even know if they make this one anymore, even know if they make this one anymore, even know if they make this one anymore, but it's very similar, but this one I but it's very similar, but this one I but it's very similar, but this one I think fits like 16 decks. So it fits a think fits like 16 decks. So it fits a think fits like 16 decks. So it fits a lot more, but almost is like too heavy lot more, but almost is like too heavy lot more, but almost is like too heavy and the side pockets, you couldn't and the side pockets, you couldn't and the side pockets, you couldn't really stick like a bottle of water or really stick like a bottle of water or really stick like a bottle of water or water bottle in, which I think is a bit water bottle in, which I think is a bit water bottle in, which I think is a bit of a bummer. So, I think I I kind of of a bummer. So, I think I I kind of of a bummer. So, I think I I kind of like this one for being a little like this one for being a little like this one for being a little smaller, a little more compact, a little smaller, a little more compact, a little smaller, a little more compact, a little more maybe practical. more maybe practical. more maybe practical. Um so, that's the bottom pocket decks. Um so, that's the bottom pocket decks. Um so, that's the bottom pocket decks. So, maybe you bring in, you know, five, So, maybe you bring in, you know, five, So, maybe you bring in, you know, five, six decks with you. And then on the top six decks with you. And then on the top six decks with you. And then on the top here, here's also what I really like is here, here's also what I really like is here, here's also what I really like is just uh they have a pocket here that's just uh they have a pocket here that's just uh they have a pocket here that's fairly deep. Like you could stick some fairly deep. Like you could stick some fairly deep. Like you could stick some deck boxes. I have some sleeves. These deck boxes. I have some sleeves. These deck boxes. I have some sleeves. These are the packs we're going to draft. And are the packs we're going to draft. And are the packs we're going to draft. And then this is kind of nifty. Up here they then this is kind of nifty. Up here they then this is kind of nifty. Up here they have a little spot where this comes out have a little spot where this comes out have a little spot where this comes out and it's a like a rain guard. Like it'll and it's a like a rain guard. Like it'll and it's a like a rain guard. Like it'll fit over the entire backpack and make it fit over the entire backpack and make it fit over the entire backpack and make it waterproof, you know, if you get caught waterproof, you know, if you get caught waterproof, you know, if you get caught in the rain. A few more pockets here, in the rain. A few more pockets here, in the rain. A few more pockets here, pocket up there. pocket up there. pocket up there. Material all feels like really nice and Material all feels like really nice and Material all feels like really nice and and premium as frankly should a and premium as frankly should a and premium as frankly should a uh you know, uh you know, uh you know, $110 backpack. Uh this is zips closed. $110 backpack. Uh this is zips closed. $110 backpack. Uh this is zips closed. >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> You know, close, close. So, those are >> You know, close, close. So, those are >> You know, close, close. So, those are kind of the pockets. Straps are kind of kind of the pockets. Straps are kind of kind of the pockets. Straps are kind of the basic. Um kind of a nice little the basic. Um kind of a nice little the basic. Um kind of a nice little um padding here. One thing that's cool um padding here. One thing that's cool um padding here. One thing that's cool and I want to show this off. So, there and I want to show this off. So, there and I want to show this off. So, there is a spot for binders. So, you can bring is a spot for binders. So, you can bring is a spot for binders. So, you can bring uh you're not going to be able to fit uh you're not going to be able to fit uh you're not going to be able to fit like a large like I have my like a large like I have my like a large like I have my This is like a very big binder. This is This is like a very big binder. This is This is like a very big binder. This is not going to work, but something small not going to work, but something small not going to work, but something small like a kind of a normal side loading like a kind of a normal side loading like a kind of a normal side loading binder. This is going to fit okay. It's binder. This is going to fit okay. It's binder. This is going to fit okay. It's a little, you know, snug, that's fine. a little, you know, snug, that's fine. a little, you know, snug, that's fine. Or frankly, since we live in the future, Or frankly, since we live in the future, Or frankly, since we live in the future, I think I would just probably put my I think I would just probably put my I think I would just probably put my tablet in here. tablet in here. tablet in here. Um I'll probably also use this as a Um I'll probably also use this as a Um I'll probably also use this as a >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> carry-on bag cuz it's kind of nice to be >> carry-on bag cuz it's kind of nice to be >> carry-on bag cuz it's kind of nice to be able to just throw a tablet or maybe a able to just throw a tablet or maybe a able to just throw a tablet or maybe a small MacBook or something in there. small MacBook or something in there. small MacBook or something in there. So, that's kind of the the storage So, that's kind of the the storage So, that's kind of the the storage situation. situation. situation. Um Um Um I I'm going to take break this out and I I'm going to take break this out and I I'm going to take break this out and and test it out going to a friend's and test it out going to a friend's and test it out going to a friend's house house house and I can report back my experience, but and I can report back my experience, but and I can report back my experience, but I'm pretty excited. I think this has the I'm pretty excited. I think this has the I'm pretty excited. I think this has the kind of storage that kind of storage that kind of storage that makes it easy to to you know throw makes it easy to to you know throw makes it easy to to you know throw everything in there. everything in there. everything in there. So I can hear my daughter chirping away. So I can hear my daughter chirping away. So I can hear my daughter chirping away. She is waking up from her nap. So I'm She is waking up from her nap. So I'm She is waking up from her nap. So I'm going to call it and feel free to you going to call it and feel free to you going to call it and feel free to you know ask any questions you might have know ask any questions you might have know ask any questions you might have about this backpack. Um about this backpack. Um about this backpack. Um It's available on Amazon. There's a It's available on Amazon. There's a It's available on Amazon. There's a link. This is not sponsored content. I link. This is not sponsored content. I link. This is not sponsored content. I paid full full price for this. So paid full full price for this. So paid full full price for this. So >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Thanks for hanging out guys and I'm >> Thanks for hanging out guys and I'm >> Thanks for hanging out guys and I'm going to go pick my daughter up from her going to go pick my daughter up from her going to go pick my daughter up from her nap. See you later.