What's up guys? I'm here with another
product review. I have the enhanced
tabletop backpack. I got this online. It
was $109. I have a gaming backpack. I
saw this one. It's by the same company.
I'm going to compare it to the one I
have. But I really like it and let's
show off why I think this is an awesome
backpack. So if you're going to the game
store, you know you're going to be
carrying a lot of deck boxes and get
tossed around. So the big feature to
open up is
right here we have room for deck boxes.
One, two, kind of a bigger one,
commander deck, two,
three. So five and then I have it in
here. I'm about to go to a friend's
house for draft. So I have my commons
and some counters and stuff in this box
here. This is sort of like my my go-to.
Top, you have little
Velcro here. You can stick maybe pencils
or dice or counters, all that kind of
stuff. So that's nice.
There's also a pocket here. You can
stick some paper, pencil, whatever. But
there's storage and it's also zipped
storage, which is nice. So that's sort
of like the big one. Big pocket, but you
know, say you want to get to it from the
side.
Here. So you could just take this out
kind of easily. So that's kind of nice.
Don't have to unzip the whole thing.
Another zipper up here, which is not
very big. I will say that. This is kind
of small. So this is not taking much. On
the other side, this is one thing I
really like when comparing it to the
other backpack they made. They
I put two play mats here, but you could
also stick like a water bottle here. One
of the issues I have with the other
backpack, which is
This is heavy cuz it's full of decks. Is
you can't actually this is the enhanced
collector edition, I believe. I don't
even know if they make this one anymore,
but it's very similar, but this one I
think fits like 16 decks. So it fits a
lot more, but almost is like too heavy
and the side pockets, you couldn't
really stick like a bottle of water or
water bottle in, which I think is a bit
of a bummer. So, I think I I kind of
like this one for being a little
smaller, a little more compact, a little
more maybe practical.
Um so, that's the bottom pocket decks.
So, maybe you bring in, you know, five,
six decks with you. And then on the top
here, here's also what I really like is
just uh they have a pocket here that's
fairly deep. Like you could stick some
deck boxes. I have some sleeves. These
are the packs we're going to draft. And
then this is kind of nifty. Up here they
have a little spot where this comes out
and it's a like a rain guard. Like it'll
fit over the entire backpack and make it
waterproof, you know, if you get caught
in the rain. A few more pockets here,
pocket up there.
Material all feels like really nice and
and premium as frankly should a
uh you know,
$110 backpack. Uh this is zips closed.
You know, close, close. So, those are
kind of the pockets. Straps are kind of
the basic. Um kind of a nice little
um padding here. One thing that's cool
and I want to show this off. So, there
is a spot for binders. So, you can bring
uh you're not going to be able to fit
like a large like I have my
This is like a very big binder. This is
not going to work, but something small
like a kind of a normal side loading
binder. This is going to fit okay. It's
a little, you know, snug, that's fine.
Or frankly, since we live in the future,
I think I would just probably put my
tablet in here.
Um I'll probably also use this as a
carry-on bag cuz it's kind of nice to be
able to just throw a tablet or maybe a
small MacBook or something in there.
So, that's kind of the the storage
situation.
Um
I I'm going to take break this out and
and test it out going to a friend's
house
and I can report back my experience, but
I'm pretty excited. I think this has the
kind of storage that
makes it easy to to you know throw
everything in there.
So I can hear my daughter chirping away.
She is waking up from her nap. So I'm
going to call it and feel free to you
know ask any questions you might have
about this backpack. Um
It's available on Amazon. There's a
link. This is not sponsored content. I
paid full full price for this. So
Thanks for hanging out guys and I'm
going to go pick my daughter up from her
nap. See you later.
