Let me tell you what we did in Udaipur today.  First of all Let me tell you what we did in Udaipur today.  First of all Let me tell you what we did in Udaipur today.  First of all we went to we went to we went to visit Jagdish Temple and friend, we had visit Jagdish Temple and friend, we had visit Jagdish Temple and friend, we had not eaten anything since morning. not eaten anything since morning. not eaten anything since morning. We tried some street food from the nearby shops and We tried some street food from the nearby shops and We tried some street food from the nearby shops and after that we found a shop where we did after that we found a shop where we did after that we found a shop where we did some shopping and some shopping and some shopping and I will post a long vlog of Udaipur soon.  So stay I will post a long vlog of Udaipur soon.  So stay I will post a long vlog of Udaipur soon.  So stay tuned for that.  After that I tuned for that.  After that I tuned for that.  After that I also took a diary in my name from here.  Then I also took a diary in my name from here.  Then I also took a diary in my name from here.  Then I thought let's do some shopping for mom also. thought let's do some shopping for mom also. thought let's do some shopping for mom also. But I don't understand what should But I don't understand what should But I don't understand what should I take? I take? I take? Then I told the shopkeeper brother, friend, please Then I told the shopkeeper brother, friend, please Then I told the shopkeeper brother, friend, please suggest me something.  After that we suggest me something.  After that we suggest me something.  After that we reached there to get our nail art done which reached there to get our nail art done which reached there to get our nail art done which is quite famous here but there was a lot of waiting.  So till then is quite famous here but there was a lot of waiting.  So till then is quite famous here but there was a lot of waiting.  So till then we went to sit on the ghat for a while we went to sit on the ghat for a while we went to sit on the ghat for a while but then we realized that but then we realized that but then we realized that why not go to the City Palace.  So without any delay why not go to the City Palace.  So without any delay why not go to the City Palace.  So without any delay we reached the City Palace Museum we reached the City Palace Museum we reached the City Palace Museum which was really very beautiful.  Seeing this, which was really very beautiful.  Seeing this, which was really very beautiful.  Seeing this, I laughed so hard that I started acting as if I laughed so hard that I started acting as if I laughed so hard that I started acting as if I was an archaeologist I was an archaeologist I was an archaeologist who would make a discovery any moment.  And man, in the who would make a discovery any moment.  And man, in the who would make a discovery any moment.  And man, in the midst of all this, I forgot about my nail appointment. midst of all this, I forgot about my nail appointment. midst of all this, I forgot about my nail appointment. So when we realised this, So when we realised this, So when we realised this, we quickly left from here and that brother was saying we quickly left from here and that brother was saying we quickly left from here and that brother was saying that I was just about to leave.  You that I was just about to leave.  You that I was just about to leave.  You came at the right time.  And these are what my nails looked like. came at the right time.  And these are what my nails looked like. came at the right time.  And these are what my nails looked like. We went back We went back We went back to the cafe with this beautiful view.