Today we celebrated Independence Day. Yesterday's holiday proved
costly for me because now I will have to go to
work on 14th August also.
I had brought the children's clothes for 14th August
yesterday. But I myself did not have any green colored
salwar kameez. Come on, what are brothers and sisters for? My
younger brother had a
green kurta, so I
matched it with my dupatta and salwar
and went to work. I thought
I would come. So Baji's entire house would be
decorated with sticks. But when I came here, I
saw that Baji had not taken any care.
Baji never misses any opportunity to
invite her friends home. Have you forgotten
that today is 14th August? Now
something special will have to be done to remind them.
But first of all we will make
tea. Today I had also promised the children
that when I come back I will decorate the entire terrace with them.
So today was going to be a long day for me anyway.
To remind Baji about 14th August, I thought why not
make a special cake. Bajie
loves smores. So today I will make a
smores cake for him. First I
made four layers of chocolate cake and the recipe of this sponge is the same
which I have shared in the London cake video.
First I made the chocolate ganache for the cake filling.
We will also add a marshmallow layer inside the cake.
For the marshmallow fluff, I
beat the egg whites really well. Then
in a pot, boil corn syrup, sugar and water
until it reaches 230°. Then, after turning the mixer on low flame,
slowly add sugar syrup to the whites
and beat until it
cools down. We will
also add a layer of biscuit inside the samosa cake. For that,
I mixed coarse biscuit crumbs with butter and
baked them. Now it was time to
layer the cake. First I
applied chocolate ganache to the sponge. Then biscuit
crumbs were placed on top. Then a layer of marshmallows which
I browned with the help of a torch. All
four layers are done. So I used the
remaining ganache and biscuit
crumbs on the sides of the cake and decorated it with white and green marshmallows.
And our 14th August
cake is ready. When I showed the cake to my sister,
she also remembered that today
is 14th August and in this happiness I got
leave early. When I reached home, the children had
already prepared the flags. It was beyond them to
start decorating two weeks in advance. It was very hot on the roof.
But somehow we
put up all the flags. The children were also leaving home for the first time for 14th August
and
my happiness lay in the happiness of the children. After about three hours of hard work,
our roof looked something like this.
Happy Independence Day to all of you and see you
in the next vlog.
