Today we celebrated Independence Day.  Yesterday's holiday proved Today we celebrated Independence Day.  Yesterday's holiday proved Today we celebrated Independence Day.  Yesterday's holiday proved costly for me because now I will have to go to costly for me because now I will have to go to costly for me because now I will have to go to work on 14th August also. work on 14th August also. work on 14th August also. I had brought the children's clothes for 14th August I had brought the children's clothes for 14th August I had brought the children's clothes for 14th August yesterday.  But I myself did not have any green colored yesterday.  But I myself did not have any green colored yesterday.  But I myself did not have any green colored salwar kameez.  Come on, what are brothers and sisters for?  My salwar kameez.  Come on, what are brothers and sisters for?  My salwar kameez.  Come on, what are brothers and sisters for?  My younger brother had a younger brother had a younger brother had a green kurta, so I green kurta, so I green kurta, so I matched it with my dupatta and salwar matched it with my dupatta and salwar matched it with my dupatta and salwar and went to work.  I thought and went to work.  I thought and went to work.  I thought I would come.  So Baji's entire house would be I would come.  So Baji's entire house would be I would come.  So Baji's entire house would be decorated with sticks.  But when I came here, I decorated with sticks.  But when I came here, I decorated with sticks.  But when I came here, I saw that Baji had not taken any care. saw that Baji had not taken any care. saw that Baji had not taken any care. Baji never misses any opportunity to Baji never misses any opportunity to Baji never misses any opportunity to invite her friends home.  Have you forgotten invite her friends home.  Have you forgotten invite her friends home.  Have you forgotten that today is 14th August?  Now that today is 14th August?  Now that today is 14th August?  Now something special will have to be done to remind them. something special will have to be done to remind them. something special will have to be done to remind them. But first of all we will make But first of all we will make But first of all we will make tea.  Today I had also promised the children tea.  Today I had also promised the children tea.  Today I had also promised the children that when I come back I will decorate the entire terrace with them. that when I come back I will decorate the entire terrace with them. that when I come back I will decorate the entire terrace with them. So today was going to be a long day for me anyway. So today was going to be a long day for me anyway. To remind Baji about 14th August, I thought why not To remind Baji about 14th August, I thought why not To remind Baji about 14th August, I thought why not make a special cake.  Bajie make a special cake.  Bajie make a special cake.  Bajie loves smores.  So today I will make a loves smores.  So today I will make a loves smores.  So today I will make a smores cake for him.  First I smores cake for him.  First I smores cake for him.  First I made four layers of chocolate cake and the recipe of this sponge is the same made four layers of chocolate cake and the recipe of this sponge is the same made four layers of chocolate cake and the recipe of this sponge is the same which I have shared in the London cake video. which I have shared in the London cake video. First I made the chocolate ganache for the cake filling. First I made the chocolate ganache for the cake filling. First I made the chocolate ganache for the cake filling. We will also add a marshmallow layer inside the cake. We will also add a marshmallow layer inside the cake. We will also add a marshmallow layer inside the cake. For the marshmallow fluff, I For the marshmallow fluff, I For the marshmallow fluff, I beat the egg whites really well.  Then beat the egg whites really well.  Then beat the egg whites really well.  Then in a pot, boil corn syrup, sugar and water in a pot, boil corn syrup, sugar and water in a pot, boil corn syrup, sugar and water until it reaches 230°.  Then, after turning the mixer on low flame, until it reaches 230°.  Then, after turning the mixer on low flame, until it reaches 230°.  Then, after turning the mixer on low flame, slowly add sugar syrup to the whites slowly add sugar syrup to the whites slowly add sugar syrup to the whites and beat until it and beat until it and beat until it cools down.  We will cools down.  We will cools down.  We will also add a layer of biscuit inside the samosa cake.  For that, also add a layer of biscuit inside the samosa cake.  For that, also add a layer of biscuit inside the samosa cake.  For that, I mixed coarse biscuit crumbs with butter and I mixed coarse biscuit crumbs with butter and I mixed coarse biscuit crumbs with butter and baked them.  Now it was time to baked them.  Now it was time to baked them.  Now it was time to layer the cake.  First I layer the cake.  First I layer the cake.  First I applied chocolate ganache to the sponge.  Then biscuit applied chocolate ganache to the sponge.  Then biscuit applied chocolate ganache to the sponge.  Then biscuit crumbs were placed on top.  Then a layer of marshmallows which crumbs were placed on top.  Then a layer of marshmallows which crumbs were placed on top.  Then a layer of marshmallows which I browned with the help of a torch.   All I browned with the help of a torch.   All I browned with the help of a torch.   All four layers are done.  So I used the four layers are done.  So I used the four layers are done.  So I used the remaining ganache and biscuit remaining ganache and biscuit remaining ganache and biscuit crumbs on the sides of the cake and decorated it with white and green marshmallows. crumbs on the sides of the cake and decorated it with white and green marshmallows. crumbs on the sides of the cake and decorated it with white and green marshmallows. And our 14th August And our 14th August And our 14th August cake is ready.  When I showed the cake to my sister, cake is ready.  When I showed the cake to my sister, cake is ready.  When I showed the cake to my sister, she also remembered that today she also remembered that today she also remembered that today is 14th August and in this happiness I got is 14th August and in this happiness I got is 14th August and in this happiness I got leave early.  When I reached home, the children had leave early.  When I reached home, the children had leave early.  When I reached home, the children had already prepared the flags.  It was beyond them to already prepared the flags.  It was beyond them to start decorating two weeks in advance.  It was very hot on the roof. start decorating two weeks in advance.  It was very hot on the roof. start decorating two weeks in advance.  It was very hot on the roof. But somehow we But somehow we But somehow we put up all the flags.  The children were also leaving home for the first time for 14th August put up all the flags.  The children were also leaving home for the first time for 14th August put up all the flags.  The children were also leaving home for the first time for 14th August and and and my happiness lay in the happiness of the children.  After about three hours of hard work, my happiness lay in the happiness of the children.  After about three hours of hard work, my happiness lay in the happiness of the children.  After about three hours of hard work, our roof looked something like this. our roof looked something like this. our roof looked something like this. Happy Independence Day to all of you and see you Happy Independence Day to all of you and see you Happy Independence Day to all of you and see you in the next vlog.