I tried shopping at Taemu for the first time this time I tried shopping at Taemu for the first time this time I tried shopping at Taemu for the first time this time .  But let me .  But let me .  But let me introduce you to some products that weren't as bad as I thought. introduce you to some products that weren't as bad as I thought. introduce you to some products that weren't as bad as I thought. Taemu says that if you enter the coupon code now, you Taemu says that if you enter the coupon code now, you Taemu says that if you enter the coupon code now, you can receive a bundle of coupons worth 390,000 won, so can receive a bundle of coupons worth 390,000 won, so can receive a bundle of coupons worth 390,000 won, so get them right away.  This is a get them right away.  This is a get them right away.  This is a random keyring.  I random keyring.  I random keyring.  I would like to run Cinnamo here.  One, two, would like to run Cinnamo here.  One, two, would like to run Cinnamo here.  One, two, three [scream] And just like that, true to my title as the King of Application, I have three [scream] And just like that, true to my title as the King of Application, I have three [scream] And just like that, true to my title as the King of Application, I have picked a cinnamon.  This is a picked a cinnamon.  This is a picked a cinnamon.  This is a Chinese keyring, and as those who watched the previous video Chinese keyring, and as those who watched the previous video Chinese keyring, and as those who watched the previous video know, the quality and texture are know, the quality and texture are know, the quality and texture are excellent.  And it's a random capybara figure excellent.  And it's a random capybara figure excellent.  And it's a random capybara figure .  I bought this because it was so cute .  I bought this because it was so cute .  I bought this because it was so cute .  I'll take a look.  [Laughs] I'm .  I'll take a look.  [Laughs] I'm .  I'll take a look.  [Laughs] I'm Cafe Bara eating a banana.   Those of you who Cafe Bara eating a banana.   Those of you who Cafe Bara eating a banana.   Those of you who know, you will recognize this: it know, you will recognize this: it know, you will recognize this: it is Slang Beads.  I'll try making Slang is Slang Beads.  I'll try making Slang is Slang Beads.  I'll try making Slang . This is a mini smartphone decoration, is This is a mini smartphone decoration, is This is a mini smartphone decoration, is n't it super cute?  The unexpected charm of this is that when n't it super cute?  The unexpected charm of this is that when n't it super cute?  The unexpected charm of this is that when you turn it, cute anime characters are drawn on it, so I you turn it, cute anime characters are drawn on it, so I think it would be great to use it as a decorative item.  This time, I think it would be great to use it as a decorative item.  This time, I think it would be great to use it as a decorative item.  This time, I see a game character that was popular recently. see a game character that was popular recently. I bought this because I thought it would be good to hide it at my friend's house without them knowing.  Lastly, this is a figure I bought this because I thought it would be good to hide it at my friend's house without them knowing.  Lastly, this is a figure I bought this because I thought it would be good to hide it at my friend's house without them knowing.  Lastly, this is a figure stand, so I’ll try placing a figure on it.   If you are a stand, so I’ll try placing a figure on it.   If you are a stand, so I’ll try placing a figure on it.   If you are a serious figure enthusiast, you absolutely must serious figure enthusiast, you absolutely must serious figure enthusiast, you absolutely must buy this.