Today I ordered a new product Today I ordered a new product Today I ordered a new product from Kriti Sanon's brand That's Huffy Double from Kriti Sanon's brand That's Huffy Double from Kriti Sanon's brand That's Huffy Double Shot Radiance Lift Serum.  Let's see if this works Shot Radiance Lift Serum.  Let's see if this works Shot Radiance Lift Serum.  Let's see if this works or not.  The packaging was quite cool. or not.  The packaging was quite cool. or not.  The packaging was quite cool. It offers the power and benefits of not one, but two serums. It offers the power and benefits of not one, but two serums. It offers the power and benefits of not one, but two serums. My skin is oily and My skin is oily and My skin is oily and a little uneven too.  So that's why I a little uneven too.  So that's why I a little uneven too.  So that's why I ordered this product.  Just shake the bottle ordered this product.  Just shake the bottle ordered this product.  Just shake the bottle and apply it on your face and apply it on your face and apply it on your face and neck.  This is not any paid promotion guys. and neck.  This is not any paid promotion guys. and neck.  This is not any paid promotion guys. I'm literally testing this on my I'm literally testing this on my I'm literally testing this on my skin.  Whenever I apply serum or any skin.  Whenever I apply serum or any skin.  Whenever I apply serum or any product, I product, I product, I massage it a little on my face and neck so that massage it a little on my face and neck so that massage it a little on my face and neck so that blood circulation also happens because blood circulation also happens because blood circulation also happens because we do not have time throughout the day, okay it gets we do not have time throughout the day, okay it gets we do not have time throughout the day, okay it gets absorbed quickly in the skin, look at it I can absorbed quickly in the skin, look at it I can absorbed quickly in the skin, look at it I can feel the hydration on the skin, feel the hydration on the skin, feel the hydration on the skin, you will find the link of this product on this video, you will find the link of this product on this video, you will find the link of this product on this video, you can shop from here and for more you can shop from here and for more you can shop from here and for more such videos follow for more