You may notice that I'm a lot more You may notice that I'm a lot more You may notice that I'm a lot more relaxed during this video. relaxed during this video. relaxed during this video. My voice is very, very relaxed because I My voice is very, very relaxed because I My voice is very, very relaxed because I actually got to play around with this actually got to play around with this actually got to play around with this thing a little bit and I feel just much thing a little bit and I feel just much thing a little bit and I feel just much more more more peaceful and calm from it. peaceful and calm from it. peaceful and calm from it. We're going to be looking at the Naipo We're going to be looking at the Naipo We're going to be looking at the Naipo Shiatsu Pillow Massager with heat. And Shiatsu Pillow Massager with heat. And Shiatsu Pillow Massager with heat. And this is for your back and your neck or this is for your back and your neck or this is for your back and your neck or even your legs or anything else like even your legs or anything else like even your legs or anything else like that as well. So, let's dive in. Let's that as well. So, let's dive in. Let's that as well. So, let's dive in. Let's open it up, see what's inside, and then open it up, see what's inside, and then open it up, see what's inside, and then you can see it in action. All right, we have instruction manual, All right, we have instruction manual, All right, we have instruction manual, the actual massaging pillow, the actual massaging pillow, the actual massaging pillow, and the two power adapters also. Cool and the two power adapters also. Cool and the two power adapters also. Cool thing about this is we get actually a thing about this is we get actually a thing about this is we get actually a car adapter so you can attach it to your car adapter so you can attach it to your car adapter so you can attach it to your seat. Whether or not that's safe, I seat. Whether or not that's safe, I seat. Whether or not that's safe, I don't know, but don't know, but don't know, but I'm definitely going to try it. I'm definitely going to try it. I'm definitely going to try it. All right. We also have the wall All right. We also have the wall All right. We also have the wall adapter. We're going to be testing it adapter. We're going to be testing it adapter. We're going to be testing it through this because through this because through this because I give power to it and that's about it. I give power to it and that's about it. I give power to it and that's about it. So, uh basic one. It's a pretty lengthy So, uh basic one. It's a pretty lengthy So, uh basic one. It's a pretty lengthy cable, too. I mean, this cable's pretty cable, too. I mean, this cable's pretty cable, too. I mean, this cable's pretty long. I think it's like long. I think it's like long. I think it's like maybe 5 ft, almost 6 ft. So, it'll give maybe 5 ft, almost 6 ft. So, it'll give maybe 5 ft, almost 6 ft. So, it'll give us some good distance as well and I us some good distance as well and I us some good distance as well and I happen to bring this little extension happen to bring this little extension happen to bring this little extension cord as well. We're going to plug it in. cord as well. We're going to plug it in. cord as well. We're going to plug it in. And we will plug it in to see this thing And we will plug it in to see this thing And we will plug it in to see this thing in action. I'm diving right in because in action. I'm diving right in because in action. I'm diving right in because this thing will speak for itself once this thing will speak for itself once this thing will speak for itself once you see it moving. you see it moving. you see it moving. Uh we have this nice band that can also Uh we have this nice band that can also Uh we have this nice band that can also go around a chair or something. I go around a chair or something. I go around a chair or something. I wrapped it around my computer chair. It wrapped it around my computer chair. It wrapped it around my computer chair. It fits perfectly. The band holds it nicely fits perfectly. The band holds it nicely fits perfectly. The band holds it nicely in place as well. in place as well. in place as well. Another cool thing to notice is that Another cool thing to notice is that Another cool thing to notice is that when you plug it in, it plugs in, but when you plug it in, it plugs in, but when you plug it in, it plugs in, but then you heard that pop. This actually then you heard that pop. This actually then you heard that pop. This actually pops into place so in case it gets pops into place so in case it gets pops into place so in case it gets stretched, it's going to give a little stretched, it's going to give a little stretched, it's going to give a little bit of resistance before becoming bit of resistance before becoming bit of resistance before becoming unplugged. It's a nice little design unplugged. It's a nice little design unplugged. It's a nice little design feature in this that is worth noting. feature in this that is worth noting. feature in this that is worth noting. All right, we have our on-off button All right, we have our on-off button All right, we have our on-off button over here. over here. over here. All right, I press and hold it All right, I press and hold it All right, I press and hold it and it turns it on. and it turns it on. and it turns it on. Uh according to the manual, it starts Uh according to the manual, it starts Uh according to the manual, it starts about 20 minutes of just, you know, the about 20 minutes of just, you know, the about 20 minutes of just, you know, the heat and massage therapy. And then after heat and massage therapy. And then after heat and massage therapy. And then after that, it turns off the heat and still that, it turns off the heat and still that, it turns off the heat and still massages. So, it's going to keep massages. So, it's going to keep massages. So, it's going to keep cycling, I would assume. I didn't use it cycling, I would assume. I didn't use it cycling, I would assume. I didn't use it for 40 minutes. I used it for about 15 for 40 minutes. I used it for about 15 for 40 minutes. I used it for about 15 minutes, maybe tops. But, it's nice. Uh minutes, maybe tops. But, it's nice. Uh minutes, maybe tops. But, it's nice. Uh these arms are really Are these arms or these arms are really Are these arms or these arms are really Are these arms or knobs, I guess you could call them, are knobs, I guess you could call them, are knobs, I guess you could call them, are They're really good. They slide nice and They're really good. They slide nice and They're really good. They slide nice and smooth inside this mesh cover. Um you smooth inside this mesh cover. Um you smooth inside this mesh cover. Um you know, the heat is nice. It's not too know, the heat is nice. It's not too know, the heat is nice. It's not too hot. It's just a nice level of a little hot. It's just a nice level of a little hot. It's just a nice level of a little bit of warmth. And with winter coming, I bit of warmth. And with winter coming, I bit of warmth. And with winter coming, I hold it I love it. hold it I love it. hold it I love it. So, it goes it goes. Eventually, it So, it goes it goes. Eventually, it So, it goes it goes. Eventually, it stops for a second, and then it will stops for a second, and then it will stops for a second, and then it will reverse direction going the opposite reverse direction going the opposite reverse direction going the opposite way. way. way. Uh Uh Uh this thing is awesome. So, this thing is awesome. So, this thing is awesome. So, I enjoyed it. I'm probably going to be I enjoyed it. I'm probably going to be I enjoyed it. I'm probably going to be writing up my blog post about this as writing up my blog post about this as writing up my blog post about this as well, and probably doing the editing and well, and probably doing the editing and well, and probably doing the editing and everything else associated with these everything else associated with these everything else associated with these videos while this thing is actually videos while this thing is actually videos while this thing is actually working on my back because it feels working on my back because it feels working on my back because it feels awesome. awesome. awesome. It's just the right amount of pressure. It's just the right amount of pressure. It's just the right amount of pressure. You can increase your back pressure on You can increase your back pressure on You can increase your back pressure on it. There's the reverse. it. There's the reverse. it. There's the reverse. Um and it won't give in. Like, the motor Um and it won't give in. Like, the motor Um and it won't give in. Like, the motor won't stop. I mean, it will slow if I won't stop. I mean, it will slow if I won't stop. I mean, it will slow if I try to slow it down, but it always finds try to slow it down, but it always finds try to slow it down, but it always finds a way to slip through at the end. So, uh a way to slip through at the end. So, uh a way to slip through at the end. So, uh it's nice. It's good quality, and you it's nice. It's good quality, and you it's nice. It's good quality, and you know, it's a pretty inexpensive device know, it's a pretty inexpensive device know, it's a pretty inexpensive device as well. Great gift for somebody who's as well. Great gift for somebody who's as well. Great gift for somebody who's got a lot of back problems or a lot of got a lot of back problems or a lot of got a lot of back problems or a lot of stress in their life, and uh stress in their life, and uh stress in their life, and uh it's great to buy yourself, too. So, you it's great to buy yourself, too. So, you it's great to buy yourself, too. So, you know, when the holidays come around, know, when the holidays come around, know, when the holidays come around, treat yourself. If you like this, I'll treat yourself. If you like this, I'll treat yourself. If you like this, I'll leave a link in the video in the leave a link in the video in the leave a link in the video in the description of the video. And if you description of the video. And if you description of the video. And if you have any comments or questions or have any comments or questions or have any comments or questions or anything, please leave them. All right. anything, please leave them. All right. anything, please leave them. All right. Thanks for watching.