I'll tell you whether we've received our first payment from YouTube or not. Watch the video till the end. I'll tell you whether we've received our first payment from YouTube or not. Watch the video till the end. I never thought Shiva would give me such a big surprise.  I didn't even I never thought Shiva would give me such a big surprise.  I didn't even I never thought Shiva would give me such a big surprise.  I didn't even expect it.  Because I didn't know expect it.  Because I didn't know expect it.  Because I didn't know when all this happened. I when all this happened. I when all this happened. I thought, "Come on, sir," but Shiva suddenly came to me and thought, "Come on, sir," but Shiva suddenly came to me and said, "Are you ready quickly?"  He said, "What's wrong with that?" said, "Are you ready quickly?"  He said, "What's wrong with that?" said, "Are you ready quickly?"  He said, "What's wrong with that?" I also took the light, but I also took the light, but I also took the light, but I brought a surprise gift for you I brought a surprise gift for you I brought a surprise gift for you .  I .  I .  I thought there was still a product for me, but you thought there was still a product for me, but you thought there was still a product for me, but you know how happy I feel, okay, let me know how happy I feel, okay, let me know how happy I feel, okay, let me tell you without locking you up, tell you without locking you up, tell you without locking you up, we finally got our first payment from YouTube we finally got our first payment from YouTube we finally got our first payment from YouTube . . . Do you know how happy I felt? At that moment, Do you know how happy I felt? At that moment, Do you know how happy I felt? At that moment, you might be thinking, "Is this all about money?" There's nothing like that. They you might be thinking, "Is this all about money?" There's nothing like that. They said that our bank would have an issue and that money wouldn't come from it.  And if we said that our bank would have an issue and that money wouldn't come from it.  And if we said that our bank would have an issue and that money wouldn't come from it.  And if we get money from YouTube, we also have to answer questions if get money from YouTube, we also have to answer questions if get money from YouTube, we also have to answer questions if someone asks us. someone asks us. Even if we say that, if we have worked hard for so many days and Even if we say that, if we have worked hard for so many days and Even if we say that, if we have worked hard for so many days and today we have achieved the result, then that is the only today we have achieved the result, then that is the only today we have achieved the result, then that is the only happiness, right? We should celebrate such a good moment, right? That is happiness, right? We should celebrate such a good moment, right? That is happiness, right? We should celebrate such a good moment, right? That is why why why I will make payasam at home, but at the same I will make payasam at home, but at the same I will make payasam at home, but at the same time, mommy and I are not there. I time, mommy and I are not there. I time, mommy and I are not there. I went to my brother and said, went to my brother and said, went to my brother and said, how much payment did I get from YouTube, how many dollars did I get, how much payment did I get from YouTube, how many dollars did I get, how much payment did I get from YouTube, how many dollars did I get, how many days did it take, how how many days did it take, how how many days did it take, how many dollars will I get money, I have many dollars will I get money, I have many dollars will I get money, I have put it in a long video. It will be in my story. put it in a long video. It will be in my story. put it in a long video. It will be in my story. Watch it once and subscribe. Watch it once and subscribe.