This is a camera worth ₹1500 and this is a camera worth ₹1,30,000. This is a camera worth ₹1500 and this is a camera worth ₹1,30,000. This is a camera worth ₹1500 and this is a camera worth ₹1,30,000. So I've been So I've been So I've been making videos on YouTube for the past 4 years and have making videos on YouTube for the past 4 years and have used almost every type of vlogging camera, but which one used almost every type of vlogging camera, but which one used almost every type of vlogging camera, but which one is the best?  So the first thing I used was is the best?  So the first thing I used was is the best?  So the first thing I used was a DSL R which was really great. a DSL R which was really great. a DSL R which was really great. Nice background blur and photos that can Nice background blur and photos that can Nice background blur and photos that can become posters.  The only problem with this camera was its become posters.  The only problem with this camera was its become posters.  The only problem with this camera was its weight.  Firstly, you cannot hold it in your hand and weight.  Firstly, you cannot hold it in your hand and weight.  Firstly, you cannot hold it in your hand and block it for long.  And secondly, whenever you block it for long.  And secondly, whenever you block it for long.  And secondly, whenever you go anywhere, you have to go anywhere, you have to go anywhere, you have to carry two-three lenses along with the camera in your bag. carry two-three lenses along with the camera in your bag. carry two-three lenses along with the camera in your bag. Then to solve these problems Then to solve these problems Then to solve these problems I bought GoPro.  I took this camera with me I bought GoPro.  I took this camera with me I bought GoPro.  I took this camera with me into the snow.  Took it into the water.  It into the snow.  Took it into the water.  It into the snow.  Took it into the water.  It even flew and was even flew and was even flew and was so small that I could vlog nonstop. so small that I could vlog nonstop. so small that I could vlog nonstop. But the problem was with its video But the problem was with its video But the problem was with its video quality.  I myself was not enjoying watching it. quality.  I myself was not enjoying watching it. quality.  I myself was not enjoying watching it. So then I thought that since there is so much So then I thought that since there is so much So then I thought that since there is so much talk about iPhone, let's talk about iPhone, let's talk about iPhone, let's buy one and I swear on ostriches.  This buy one and I swear on ostriches.  This buy one and I swear on ostriches.  This phone changed my life.  Now because I phone changed my life.  Now because I phone changed my life.  Now because I make most of the shots.  The quality make most of the shots.  The quality make most of the shots.  The quality went from ground to seventh heaven.  But the went from ground to seventh heaven.  But the went from ground to seventh heaven.  But the problem was with storage and battery which was problem was with storage and battery which was problem was with storage and battery which was causing 5 grams of trouble in my day to day life. causing 5 grams of trouble in my day to day life. causing 5 grams of trouble in my day to day life. Then the brand sent me this insta Then the brand sent me this insta Then the brand sent me this insta 360x5 which is such an advanced camera that it 360x5 which is such an advanced camera that it 360x5 which is such an advanced camera that it shoots 360°.  Meaning, I, the shoots 360°.  Meaning, I, the shoots 360°.  Meaning, I, the sky and the earth, all three brothers in one frame, this is a complete Kalakand sky and the earth, all three brothers in one frame, this is a complete Kalakand sky and the earth, all three brothers in one frame, this is a complete Kalakand camera.  But the biggest problem with this was that camera.  But the biggest problem with this was that camera.  But the biggest problem with this was that every clip had to be reframed for editing, every clip had to be reframed for editing, every clip had to be reframed for editing, which wasted a lot of time. which wasted a lot of time. which wasted a lot of time. Then I bought just a month ago Then I bought just a month ago Then I bought just a month ago this DJI pocket camera with gimbal and this DJI pocket camera with gimbal and this DJI pocket camera with gimbal and 107 GB internal storage.  Moreover, it is 107 GB internal storage.  Moreover, it is 107 GB internal storage.  Moreover, it is so compact that it fits in my pocket so compact that it fits in my pocket so compact that it fits in my pocket and the best part is that I already had the and the best part is that I already had the and the best part is that I already had the DJI mic which DJI mic which DJI mic which connects directly to the Bluetooth face without any receiver. connects directly to the Bluetooth face without any receiver. connects directly to the Bluetooth face without any receiver. But it is not that there is But it is not that there is But it is not that there is no problem in this.  It's just the best for my [music] use no problem in this.  It's just the best for my [music] use no problem in this.  It's just the best for my [music] use right now, and right now, and right now, and we use our iPhone every day as well. we use our iPhone every day as well. we use our iPhone every day as well. As for this Rs 1500 camera, As for this Rs 1500 camera, As for this Rs 1500 camera, I bought it just for fun.  Slow