Please do a favor, these are children, they Please do a favor, these are children, they Please do a favor, these are children, they played the music, it happened by mistake, please forgive played the music, it happened by mistake, please forgive played the music, it happened by mistake, please forgive them, let them go, you wo them, let them go, you wo them, let them go, you wo n't do it again, where did they take my son, so guys, where did they take my son, so guys, where did they take my son, so guys, you saw yesterday that the police took the children away you saw yesterday that the police took the children away you saw yesterday that the police took the children away and your uncle is and your uncle is and your uncle is sleeping comfortably snoring, he is sleeping comfortably snoring, he is sleeping comfortably snoring, he is not at all worried about what to do with the children, not at all worried about what to do with the children, not at all worried about what to do with the children, look, he is sleeping like a corpse, look, he is sleeping like a corpse, look, he is sleeping like a corpse, wake up, yes wake up, wake up, yes wake up, wake up, yes wake up, what has happened, friend, I am what has happened, friend, I am what has happened, friend, I am worried about the children, the police have taken away two of our sons, worried about the children, the police have taken away two of our sons, yes friend, okay you go out, I am coming, friend, yes friend, okay you go out, I am coming, friend, yes friend, okay you go out, I am coming, friend, friends, this is what happened to us, friends, this is what happened to us, friends, this is what happened to us, yesterday the police took away Waleed from a distance, they took away yesterday the police took away Waleed from a distance, they took away yesterday the police took away Waleed from a distance, they took away Talli also, they took away Ishu also, Talli also, they took away Ishu also, Talli also, they took away Ishu also, friend, the police took away all the three children of our house, friend, the police took away all the three children of our house, I had hope from Waleed that today I will take I had hope from Waleed that today I will take I had hope from Waleed that today I will take Waleed, we will bring Wali, Talli and Ishu, Waleed, we will bring Wali, Talli and Ishu, Waleed, we will bring Wali, Talli and Ishu, but friend, the police took away Waleed also, but friend, the police took away Waleed also, but friend, the police took away Waleed also, now I am the only one left in this house, friend, oh, you have gone now I am the only one left in this house, friend, oh, you have gone now I am the only one left in this house, friend, oh, you have gone mad now.  First you mad now.  First you mad now.  First you took Neechu away and then you are took Neechu away and then you are took Neechu away and then you are playing the music again. playing the music again. playing the music again. You were playing music the whole day, You were playing music the whole day, You were playing music the whole day, friend.  Couldn't stop the children. friend.  Couldn't stop the children. friend.  Couldn't stop the children. Dude I don't know 14 hasn't done it.   What Dude I don't know 14 hasn't done it.   What Dude I don't know 14 hasn't done it.   What you say is correct but playing music you say is correct but playing music you say is correct but playing music is not allowed. is not allowed. is not allowed. Free me but don't play the game.  Our Free me but don't play the game.  Our Free me but don't play the game.  Our Punjab Police is very good.  She does it for our Punjab Police is very good.  She does it for our Punjab Police is very good.  She does it for our safety, right?  But our safety, right?  But our safety, right?  But our children do not understand what the Punjab Police is doing. children do not understand what the Punjab Police is doing. children do not understand what the Punjab Police is doing. But Punjab Police But Punjab Police But Punjab Police is very good.  Inshallah, we will go to the police station today.  Will is very good.  Inshallah, we will go to the police station today.  Will is very good.  Inshallah, we will go to the police station today.  Will request. request. request. Children here, Children here, Children here, now tell me in which police station are you at this time, now tell me in which police station are you at this time, now tell me in which police station are you at this time, I don't know, let's go friend, I don't know, let's go friend, I don't know, let's go friend, I know, this is what the poor man is doing, I know, this is what the poor man is doing, I know, this is what the poor man is doing, we have to go to the police station which is not there we have to go to the police station which is not there we have to go to the police station which is not there today, today, today, friend, it is obvious that there must be a police station near our area, which is our home friend, it is obvious that there must be a police station near our area, which is our home friend, it is obvious that there must be a police station near our area, which is our home area, they must have taken us there, friend, I don't know area, they must have taken us there, friend, I don't know area, they must have taken us there, friend, I don't know in which year they might have eaten anything, in which year they might have eaten anything, in which year they might have eaten anything, both of them might not have eaten, both of them might not have eaten, both of them might not have eaten, friend, Babu brings 10-12 more brothers, bastards, take away the friend, Babu brings 10-12 more brothers, bastards, take away the friend, Babu brings 10-12 more brothers, bastards, take away the children [laughs], what do we care, children [laughs], what do we care, children [laughs], what do we care, Babu, if I had escaped from home, I would have Babu, if I had escaped from home, I would have Babu, if I had escaped from home, I would have slept peacefully, I cannot sleep peacefully, slept peacefully, I cannot sleep peacefully, slept peacefully, I cannot sleep peacefully, Astakfilah Astakfilah, one is in trouble, the Astakfilah Astakfilah, one is in trouble, the Astakfilah Astakfilah, one is in trouble, the other comes forward and says that he has come to spoil things. other comes forward and says that he has come to spoil things. other comes forward and says that he has come to spoil things. Here, explain it to him.  All his Here, explain it to him.  All his Here, explain it to him.  All his work is big.   I will bring more.  I will take it out from here.   Oh yes.   It work is big.   I will bring more.  I will take it out from here.   Oh yes.   It is within us.  You turn out to be wrong. is within us.  You turn out to be wrong. is within us.  You turn out to be wrong. Interested in this way Jaan, Interested in this way Jaan, Interested in this way Jaan, hey do it right friend.  I slept peacefully upstairs. hey do it right friend.  I slept peacefully upstairs. hey do it right friend.  I slept peacefully upstairs. First they come up and slap me and make First they come up and slap me and make First they come up and slap me and make me wake up. me wake up. me wake up. Hey friend, you are looking after your peace.  The Hey friend, you are looking after your peace.  The Hey friend, you are looking after your peace.  The poor children were arrested. poor children were arrested. poor children were arrested. Leave the madman. Leave the madman. Leave the madman. Dude, this is just stupid.  It is just intoxication.  But now Dude, this is just stupid.  It is just intoxication.  But now Dude, this is just stupid.  It is just intoxication.  But now I am saying that I don't know whether he drank milk the whole night or not. I am saying that I don't know whether he drank milk the whole night or not. Even after taking him, they head towards the police station.  Let's Even after taking him, they head towards the police station.  Let's Even after taking him, they head towards the police station.  Let's see something, friend, please pray that we get Talli see something, friend, please pray that we get Talli see something, friend, please pray that we get Talli and Ichu today. and Ichu today. and Ichu today. Papa, I miss my brothers a lot. Papa, I miss my brothers a lot. Papa, I miss my brothers a lot. You bring it. You bring it. You bring it. Yes, I am going, friend, please try.  God bless, I will bring you back Yes, I am going, friend, please try.  God bless, I will bring you back Yes, I am going, friend, please try.  God bless, I will bring you back today, Inshallah.  By the way, today, Inshallah.  By the way, today, Inshallah.  By the way, you keep fighting with them.  Now you say bring you keep fighting with them.  Now you say bring you keep fighting with them.  Now you say bring them.   Bring it. them.   Bring it. Okay, okay, don't cry, don't cry.  Wait Okay, okay, don't cry, don't cry.  Wait Okay, okay, don't cry, don't cry.  Wait my son, I am leaving.  Inshallah I will try my best and bring it my son, I am leaving.  Inshallah I will try my best and bring it my son, I am leaving.  Inshallah I will try my best and bring it today. today. today. Uncle, you go yourself.  I'm not going, friend. Uncle, you go yourself.  I'm not going, friend. Uncle, you go yourself.  I'm not going, friend. I saved myself.  Yesterday I was playing the instrument.   The I saved myself.  Yesterday I was playing the instrument.   The I saved myself.  Yesterday I was playing the instrument.   The policemen were running after me.  Thankfully, policemen were running after me.  Thankfully, policemen were running after me.  Thankfully, I have come home safely.  Oye yes friend this is I have come home safely.  Oye yes friend this is I have come home safely.  Oye yes friend this is also there brother stay safe from the police these days also there brother stay safe from the police these days also there brother stay safe from the police these days brother stay safe from the police, go to aunty friend, less people go brother stay safe from the police, go to aunty friend, less people go brother stay safe from the police, go to aunty friend, less people go uncle will go and find out right now, is it okay, yes yes uncle will go and find out right now, is it okay, yes yes uncle will go and find out right now, is it okay, yes yes these two people these two people these two people sleep comfortably in the house the whole day, if the sleep comfortably in the house the whole day, if the sleep comfortably in the house the whole day, if the policeman runs after them then it's okay, I am policeman runs after them then it's okay, I am policeman runs after them then it's okay, I am running with the snacks and I will beat them five times brother, running with the snacks and I will beat them five times brother, running with the snacks and I will beat them five times brother, I was alert the police, I was alert the police, I was alert the police, okay okay okay they are after you, okay okay okay they are after you, come friend, we have come out, he is crazy, he remains come friend, we have come out, he is crazy, he remains come friend, we have come out, he is crazy, he remains drunk the whole day, okay, now drunk the whole day, okay, now drunk the whole day, okay, now friend we will take out our Gaur Rani, first we friend we will take out our Gaur Rani, first we friend we will take out our Gaur Rani, first we go to the police station, after going to the police station, Insha Allah, we will go to the police station, after going to the police station, Insha Allah, we will go to the police station, after going to the police station, Insha Allah, we will definitely try, friend we will request them to definitely try, friend we will request them to hand over Talli and Ichu to us.  They are innocent children, hand over Talli and Ichu to us.  They are innocent children, hand over Talli and Ichu to us.  They are innocent children, they don't know. they don't know. they don't know. I will fold my hands in front of the policemen and say that I will fold my hands in front of the policemen and say that I will fold my hands in front of the policemen and say that you you you policemen are very good.  Now I know policemen are very good.  Now I know policemen are very good.  Now I know in which police station he is at this time. in which police station he is at this time. in which police station he is at this time. Just let's see, friend, let's go to our area Just let's see, friend, let's go to our area Just let's see, friend, let's go to our area and leave from here.  Come on brother, my cow and leave from here.  Come on brother, my cow and leave from here.  Come on brother, my cow queen.  Bismillah Rahman Rahim. queen.  Bismillah Rahman Rahim. queen.  Bismillah Rahman Rahim. So friends, we reached the police station outside our colony, So friends, we reached the police station outside our colony, So friends, we reached the police station outside our colony, which is outside the society. which is outside the society. which is outside the society. So friend, our post has arrived. So friend, our post has arrived. So friend, our post has arrived. We go inside and check it out.  I do We go inside and check it out.  I do We go inside and check it out.  I do n't know what condition each one would be in.  Do n't know what condition each one would be in.  Do n't know what condition each one would be in.  Do n't worry friend, I will n't worry friend, I will n't worry friend, I will bring something beautiful.  I understand you are a mother. bring something beautiful.  I understand you are a mother. bring something beautiful.  I understand you are a mother. I understand the pain. I understand the pain. I understand the pain. I am regretting I am regretting I am regretting why I bought all these things for him? why I bought all these things for him? why I bought all these things for him? Man, we didn't know.  But he also did it for Man, we didn't know.  But he also did it for Man, we didn't know.  But he also did it for his safety.  Don't worry friend. his safety.  Don't worry friend. his safety.  Don't worry friend. Come on friends, I will park the car on the side.  I go Come on friends, I will park the car on the side.  I go Come on friends, I will park the car on the side.  I go inside because inside because inside because even mobile phones are not allowed inside.  I will go and see even mobile phones are not allowed inside.  I will go and see even mobile phones are not allowed inside.  I will go and see what condition each show trolley is in.  I will what condition each show trolley is in.  I will what condition each show trolley is in.  I will come and tell you right away.  It's okay, right? You did come and tell you right away.  It's okay, right? You did come and tell you right away.  It's okay, right? You did n't go anywhere. Today I want to watch the entire vlog, friend. n't go anywhere. Today I want to watch the entire vlog, friend. n't go anywhere. Today I want to watch the entire vlog, friend. We are worried, friend. You also have to pray for our Jesus Christ. We are worried, friend. You also have to pray for our Jesus Christ. Friends, we have reached the police station, okay, right? I'll park the Friends, we have reached the police station, okay, right? I'll park the Friends, we have reached the police station, okay, right? I'll park the car here on the side. After parking it, I'll go car here on the side. After parking it, I'll go car here on the side. After parking it, I'll go inside and inside and inside and come back right away, friend. Okay, right? I'll tell you, come back right away, friend. Okay, right? I'll tell you, come back right away, friend. Okay, right? I'll tell you, okay, get okay, get okay, get them out and bring them back. If you don't fall at their feet, fold your them out and bring them back. If you don't fall at their feet, fold your them out and bring them back. If you don't fall at their feet, fold your hands and call me. hands and call me. hands and call me. No, no, inshallah, inshallah, friend. The police are No, no, inshallah, inshallah, friend. The police are No, no, inshallah, inshallah, friend. The police are very nice, but they did this only to teach very nice, but they did this only to teach very nice, but they did this only to teach us a lesson, friend. us a lesson, friend. us a lesson, friend. I'm going inside, okay, right? I'm I'm going inside, okay, right? I'm I'm going inside, okay, right? I'm coming. Hamza Bhai, you're coming with the camera coming. Hamza Bhai, you're coming with the camera coming. Hamza Bhai, you're coming with the camera because cameras are not allowed inside. Uncle, get yourself because cameras are not allowed inside. Uncle, get yourself because cameras are not allowed inside. Uncle, get yourself released and come, don't come back like this. I'm fine, don't worry, released and come, don't come back like this. I'm fine, don't worry, friend. I'm going, friend. Uncle, let's go, friend. I'm going, friend. Uncle, let's go, friend. I'm going, friend. Uncle, let's go, uncle, let's go, I'm going while praying, uncle, let's go, I'm going while praying, uncle, let's go, I'm going while praying, because we have children, because we have children, because we have children, after all, there is tension. Aunty might cry, it'll be over. after all, there is tension. Aunty might cry, it'll be over. after all, there is tension. Aunty might cry, it'll be over. I haven't eaten anything last night, I don't know if I haven't eaten anything last night, I don't know if I haven't eaten anything last night, I don't know if my children would have eaten anything or not. my children would have eaten anything or not. my children would have eaten anything or not. Guys, they've gone inside, uncle.  I will Guys, they've gone inside, uncle.  I will Guys, they've gone inside, uncle.  I will get an update right now, friend, what a scene it is, get an update right now, friend, what a scene it is, get an update right now, friend, what a scene it is, how are the kids inside, guys, it is quite late, how are the kids inside, guys, it is quite late, how are the kids inside, guys, it is quite late, uncle has not come yet.  Hey, you have come, aunty has come, uncle has not come yet.  Hey, you have come, aunty has come, uncle has not come yet.  Hey, you have come, aunty has come, uncle has come. uncle has come. uncle has come. Tell me, the children have come along.   The Tell me, the children have come along.   The Tell me, the children have come along.   The children are not with us.  What did you become uncle? children are not with us.  What did you become uncle? children are not with us.  What did you become uncle? Tell me what happened to the children?  Children, children. Tell me what happened to the children?  Children, children. Tell me what happened to the children?  Children, children. What came out?  Oye I've been.  He is saying that What came out?  Oye I've been.  He is saying that What came out?  Oye I've been.  He is saying that I did not bring these things inside, friend. I did not bring these things inside, friend. I did not bring these things inside, friend. Who took my children too? Who took my children too? Who took my children too? And it's become a matter of trouble, friend.  He And it's become a matter of trouble, friend.  He And it's become a matter of trouble, friend.  He is not at the police station.  Then where will you be, friend Hamza? is not at the police station.  Then where will you be, friend Hamza? is not at the police station.  Then where will you be, friend Hamza? Our society also considers this to be the police station, Our society also considers this to be the police station, Our society also considers this to be the police station, uncle. uncle. uncle. Oh, he is not here, friend. Oh, he is not here, friend. Oh, he is not here, friend. Hey, find out about the children.  Ask them which other Hey, find out about the children.  Ask them which other Hey, find out about the children.  Ask them which other police station is located here. police station is located here. police station is located here. I also feel like crying when I see you. I also feel like crying when I see you. I also feel like crying when I see you. You should not be there, friend.   Let's go towards You should not be there, friend.   Let's go towards You should not be there, friend.   Let's go towards DHA side.  On the DHA DHA side.  On the DHA DHA side.  On the DHA side. side. side. I have remembered the trick.  We leave.  There I have remembered the trick.  We leave.  There I have remembered the trick.  We leave.  There is a police station at another place also.  Let's go there.  Who is a police station at another place also.  Let's go there.  Who is a police station at another place also.  Let's go there.  Who knows it might not be there.  Ok. knows it might not be there.  Ok. knows it might not be there.  Ok. Come on, come on, come on.   The Come on, come on, come on.   The Come on, come on, come on.   The children will be hungry at this time.  But our children will be hungry at this time.  But our children will be hungry at this time.  But our Punjab Police is very good.  She must be giving food to Punjab Police is very good.  She must be giving food to Punjab Police is very good.  She must be giving food to our children.  How uncle?   She might be our children.  How uncle?   She might be our children.  How uncle?   She might be giving it but the children might not be eating it. giving it but the children might not be eating it. giving it but the children might not be eating it. I know it, right?  My friend, we could I know it, right?  My friend, we could not find Tli even at our main police station located outside our society.  I got an idea not find Tli even at our main police station located outside our society.  I got an idea not find Tli even at our main police station located outside our society.  I got an idea that maybe our society's that maybe our society's that maybe our society's police might have taken him away on police might have taken him away on police might have taken him away on Holi. We're just entering our colony, so the Holi. We're just entering our colony, so the guards are sitting there, God willing, he might be with them, who guards are sitting there, God willing, he might be with them, who guards are sitting there, God willing, he might be with them, who knows, we might find him. I'll knows, we might find him. I'll knows, we might find him. I'll talk to him once. Assalamu Alaikum talk to him once. Assalamu Alaikum talk to him once. Assalamu Alaikum Bhaijaan Bhaijaan Bhaijaan Sir. Sir. Sir. Okay, I haven't seen Echo Tali yet. Okay, I haven't seen Echo Tali yet. The police took him away yesterday. If it is there, please let me know. If we find out, we'll The police took him away yesterday. If it is there, please let me know. If we find out, we'll tell you, but we haven't tell you, but we haven't tell you, but we haven't seen him yet. seen him yet. seen him yet. Thank you very much. Yours truly, it's a great Thank you very much. Yours truly, it's a great Thank you very much. Yours truly, it's a great kindness. Our guards are very good. kindness. Our guards are very good. kindness. Our guards are very good. They're saying they don't have him either. They're saying they don't have him either. They're saying they don't have him either. He says even if they find out, we'll He says even if they find out, we'll He says even if they find out, we'll tell you. [laughs] It's tell you. [laughs] It's tell you. [laughs] It's beautiful. They also denied it. beautiful. They also denied it. beautiful. They also denied it. Where would he be? Where would he be? Where would he be? Talk to Waleed again. Talk to Waleed again. Talk to Waleed again. Hey, what are you talking to Waleed? Yesterday, Waleed was also there Hey, what are you talking to Waleed? Yesterday, Waleed was also there Hey, what are you talking to Waleed? Yesterday, Waleed was also there from a distance. The police picked him up. from a distance. The police picked him up. from a distance. The police picked him up. Mummy took him away. Mummy took him away. Mummy took him away. Yes, they took him away too. Yes, they took him away too. Yes, they took him away too. Why didn't you tell me that?  She has taken Waleed away too, Why didn't you tell me that?  She has taken Waleed away too, friend. All friend. All friend. All three children are gone. Whom should I tell, three children are gone. Whom should I tell, three children are gone. Whom should I tell, friend? Absolutely all three of our family members are gone. friend? Absolutely all three of our family members are gone. friend? Absolutely all three of our family members are gone. Waleed is also gone, Jesus is also Waleed is also gone, Jesus is also Waleed is also gone, Jesus is also gone, Tli is also gone, friend.  So friend, gone, Tli is also gone, friend.  So friend, gone, Tli is also gone, friend.  So friend, this was my last hope from Waleed.  I this was my last hope from Waleed.  I this was my last hope from Waleed.  I said, okay, I will tell Waleed, but yesterday the said, okay, I will tell Waleed, but yesterday the said, okay, I will tell Waleed, but yesterday the police also took away our father Waleed from Sur. police also took away our father Waleed from Sur. What did he do that the police took him away? What did he do that the police took him away? What did he do that the police took him away? Shakadon trapped Waleed Bhai. Shakadon trapped Waleed Bhai. Shakadon trapped Waleed Bhai. Shakadon's food got spoiled. Shakadon's food got spoiled. Shakadon's food got spoiled. Its destruction is Shakadon's friend. Its destruction is Shakadon's friend. Its destruction is Shakadon's friend. Shaka broke his leg.   I am Shaka broke his leg.   I am Shaka broke his leg.   I am very upset, friend.  You friends, please pray for us.  You will very upset, friend.  You friends, please pray for us.  You will very upset, friend.  You friends, please pray for us.  You will definitely pray, friend.  All three of definitely pray, friend.  All three of definitely pray, friend.  All three of our children, let's find all three of them, Vanid and our children, let's find all three of them, Vanid and our children, let's find all three of them, Vanid and Tali too, let's find all three of them, do you know Tali too, let's find all three of them, do you know Tali too, let's find all three of them, do you know which police took them away, are you finding out which police took them away, are you finding out where, I am watching Sara, have you gone where, I am watching Sara, have you gone where, I am watching Sara, have you gone mad, you are bothering me, I mad, you are bothering me, I mad, you are bothering me, I know about Waleed, I thought I would know about Waleed, I thought I would know about Waleed, I thought I would sit at Waleed's door while we were going home, sit at Waleed's door while we were going home, sit at Waleed's door while we were going home, Waleed had also gone, let's go Waleed had also gone, let's go Waleed had also gone, let's go home tomorrow, let's go there and make some contact with home tomorrow, let's go there and make some contact with home tomorrow, let's go there and make some contact with a policeman, then a policeman, then a policeman, then maybe we will find out some information, friend, maybe we will find out some information, friend, call the number of the policeman whose name you saw, okay, okay, let's call the number of the policeman whose name you saw, okay, okay, let's call the number of the policeman whose name you saw, okay, okay, let's go and do something, friend, let's make go and do something, friend, let's make go and do something, friend, let's make arrangements, friend, so arrangements, friend, so arrangements, friend, so friends, friend, we are about to reach home, friends, friend, we are about to reach home, friends, friend, we are about to reach home, okay, but friend, nothing, don't cry, friend, what are okay, but friend, nothing, don't cry, friend, what are okay, but friend, nothing, don't cry, friend, what are you saying, what are you saying, you saying, what are you saying, you saying, what are you saying, brother, brother, brother, salam, walekum, walekum, salam, walekum, walekum, salam, walekum, walekum, salam, how are you, salam, how are you, brother, are you alright, brother, are you alright, what is he, Ichu, and the police were searching for him in Delhi, what is he, Ichu, and the police were searching for him in Delhi, yes, yes, yes, friend, they have definitely taken him away, yes, yes, yes, friend, they have definitely taken him away, yes, yes, yes, friend, they have definitely taken him away, friend, he was playing music yesterday, okay, friend, he was playing music yesterday, okay, friend, he was playing music yesterday, okay, because  Playing is not allowed, so because  Playing is not allowed, so because  Playing is not allowed, so you should take care of them. You do you should take care of them. You do you should take care of them. You do n't explain to them, n't explain to them, n't explain to them, friend, you explain, right? Yes, so what else do friend, you explain, right? Yes, so what else do friend, you explain, right? Yes, so what else do you keep roaming around like this, you keep roaming around like this, you keep roaming around like this, you don't even know whether I you don't even know whether I you don't even know whether I am the father or you, friend? You start misbehaving with me, am the father or you, friend? You start misbehaving with me, but you don't realize, but you don't realize, but you don't realize, friend, why are you explaining to me, I friend, why are you explaining to me, I friend, why are you explaining to me, I understand everything, I am the father, not you, right? understand everything, I am the father, not you, right? understand everything, I am the father, not you, right? I am talking about explaining to you, I am talking about explaining to you, I am talking about explaining to you, first look at your stomach, first look at your stomach, first look at your stomach, sit with such a big watermelon, sit with such a big watermelon, sit with such a big watermelon, okay, this guy's mouth should touch it, okay, okay, this guy's mouth should touch it, okay, okay, this guy's mouth should touch it, okay, friend, I am going, friend, friend, when are you friend, I am going, friend, friend, when are you friend, I am going, friend, friend, when are you worried first, worried first, worried first, yes, when are you worried first, friend, he is worried from above, yes, when are you worried first, friend, he is worried from above, yes, when are you worried first, friend, he is worried from above, tell me, your stomach is full of watermelon, friend, it keeps tell me, your stomach is full of watermelon, friend, it keeps dripping like rain every time, hey, dripping like rain every time, hey, dripping like rain every time, hey, shut up, friend, everyone comes to the society, friend, the people of the shut up, friend, everyone comes to the society, friend, the people of the shut up, friend, everyone comes to the society, friend, the people of the society are also very worried, society are also very worried, society are also very worried, but friend, this shopkeeper also used to but friend, this shopkeeper also used to but friend, this shopkeeper also used to go to his shop and harass him, today he is go to his shop and harass him, today he is go to his shop and harass him, today he is also noticing that he hasn't come for two days, that's why also noticing that he hasn't come for two days, that's why also noticing that he hasn't come for two days, that's why he is also asking, friend, we are about to reach home, friend, friend, so he is also asking, friend, we are about to reach home, friend, friend, so he is also asking, friend, we are about to reach home, friend, friend, so pray that some pray that some pray that some solution will be found, friend  [laughs] I have come in the solution will be found, friend  [laughs] I have come in the solution will be found, friend  [laughs] I have come in the morning and after searching for it, it is already afternoon, it is 4-5 o'clock, morning and after searching for it, it is already afternoon, it is 4-5 o'clock, morning and after searching for it, it is already afternoon, it is 4-5 o'clock, still there is no trace of still there is no trace of still there is no trace of my children, have they found out about all three or not, no, no, my children, have they found out about all three or not, no, no, uncle, listen, uncle, listen, uncle, listen, I have found out about all three, I have found out about all three, I have found out about all three, in which police station are they, who has them, tell in which police station are they, who has them, tell in which police station are they, who has them, tell me, tell me, I will also come with me, tell me, I will also come with me, tell me, I will also come with you. you. you. I will tell you aunty, come let us bring him. I will tell you aunty, come let us bring him. I will tell you aunty, come let us bring him. That is not there, take a left in the next street and there is a That is not there, take a left in the next street and there is a That is not there, take a left in the next street and there is a big gate.   He is the same, he big gate.   He is the same, he big gate.   He is the same, he is the elder one.  I am also going to save Waleed Bhai.  It's the same thing, is the elder one.  I am also going to save Waleed Bhai.  It's the same thing, is the elder one.  I am also going to save Waleed Bhai.  It's the same thing, friend. friend. friend. Okay, okay, listen to me. Okay, okay, listen to me. Okay, okay, listen to me. Where should I go?   If Where should I go?   If Where should I go?   If you are going crazy then don't come.  You you are going crazy then don't come.  You you are going crazy then don't come.  You sit comfortably.  We all go and sit comfortably.  We all go and sit comfortably.  We all go and save Na Waleed, Talli and Ishu. save Na Waleed, Talli and Ishu. save Na Waleed, Talli and Ishu. We will go and handle the girl. We will go and handle the girl. We will go and handle the girl. Come on uncle, let's go without wasting time.   Do Come on uncle, let's go without wasting time.   Do Come on uncle, let's go without wasting time.   Do n't fight.  It is crooked, I will break it.   I am n't fight.  It is crooked, I will break it.   I am n't fight.  It is crooked, I will break it.   I am telling you.  We will sit and talk comfortably.  We will telling you.  We will sit and talk comfortably.  We will telling you.  We will sit and talk comfortably.  We will tell them to fold their hands and tell them to fold their hands and tell them to fold their hands and die but bring all three of them die but bring all three of them die but bring all three of them together, we fight with the police, friend. together, we fight with the police, friend. together, we fight with the police, friend. Friend, keep this shameless person behind, otherwise he might get us Friend, keep this shameless person behind, otherwise he might get us Friend, keep this shameless person behind, otherwise he might get us killed too.  Come on friends, come on. killed too.  Come on friends, come on. killed too.  Come on friends, come on. So friends, we have reached that location So friends, we have reached that location So friends, we have reached that location where there is no police station. where there is no police station. where there is no police station. Subhan has told me.  Come on Subhan, Subhan has told me.  Come on Subhan, Subhan has told me.  Come on Subhan, come down quickly.  Come down, friend.  We're going down, friend. come down quickly.  Come down, friend.  We're going down, friend. Subhan Subhan Subhan Subhan.  Subhan, Subhan.  Subhan, Subhan.  Subhan, yes tell me. yes tell me. yes tell me. Yes.  Yes he said, Yes.  Yes he said, Yes.  Yes he said, okay listen to me, you hold the camera, I will first okay listen to me, you hold the camera, I will first okay listen to me, you hold the camera, I will first go and talk to him, okay, he is go and talk to him, okay, he is go and talk to him, okay, he is drunk and I can't see him downstairs either, friend, there is a drunk and I can't see him downstairs either, friend, there is a drunk and I can't see him downstairs either, friend, there is a lockup behind, he is locked there, lockup behind, he is locked there, lockup behind, he is locked there, you hold the mobile and I will go, okay, okay, you hold the mobile and I will go, okay, okay, check that, the police have not set up check that, the police have not set up check that, the police have not set up their check post here and he is sitting there, hey hey their check post here and he is sitting there, hey hey their check post here and he is sitting there, hey hey I am going, okay, I am going, come I am going, okay, I am going, come I am going, okay, I am going, come after me, friend, he after me, friend, he after me, friend, he seems to be a thief, I will go myself, seems to be a thief, I will go myself, seems to be a thief, I will go myself, hey you, hey hey he is hey you, hey hey he is hey you, hey hey he is uncle's son, let him go, guys uncle's son, let him go, guys uncle's son, let him go, guys uncle is going ahead slowly uncle is going ahead slowly uncle is going ahead slowly and I will stand with him without hiding the camera, I will and I will stand with him without hiding the camera, I will and I will stand with him without hiding the camera, I will watch.  Ok.  Ok.  I'll check it guys. watch.  Ok.  Ok.  I'll check it guys. watch.  Ok.  Ok.  I'll check it guys. Guys, look, uncle is saluting Guys, look, uncle is saluting Guys, look, uncle is saluting him. him. him. Ok. Ok. Ok. Khushba Khushba Khushba friend, our children are kind to us.  They are friend, our children are kind to us.  They are friend, our children are kind to us.  They are children, they have played musical instruments, friend.  It happened children, they have played musical instruments, friend.  It happened children, they have played musical instruments, friend.  It happened by mistake.  Please forgive me. by mistake.  Please forgive me. by mistake.  Please forgive me. Leave them.  Send it with us.  Due to your Leave them.  Send it with us.  Due to your Leave them.  Send it with us.  Due to your kindness, the children and their mother will kindness, the children and their mother will kindness, the children and their mother will not commit suicide by crying.  I will never do it.  You made not commit suicide by crying.  I will never do it.  You made mistakes by taking music to the children, do you even know how much the entire society got mistakes by taking music to the children, do you even know how much the entire society got mistakes by taking music to the children, do you even know how much the entire society got disturbed because of you people, disturbed because of you people, disturbed because of you people, because of your tricks, sorry, because of your tricks, sorry, because of your tricks, sorry, this is our job, we have created a spectacle daily, I have never had any this is our job, we have created a spectacle daily, I have never had any this is our job, we have created a spectacle daily, I have never had any complaint in my life, you should complaint in my life, you should complaint in my life, you should kill this guy, this kill this guy, this kill this guy, this guy is like this, you are talking about this guy, guy is like this, you are talking about this guy, I have solved so many cases, I am I have solved so many cases, I am I have solved so many cases, I am not able to hear him, not able to hear him, not able to hear him, okay, listen to me please, please, okay, listen to me please, please, okay, listen to me please, please, only our little child is a thief, only our little child is a thief, only our little child is a thief, you are talking to me with so much love right now, you are talking to me with so much love right now, you are talking to me with so much love right now, okay, I am respecting your love, okay, I am respecting your love, okay, I am respecting your love, okay, right now I will take care of your children, okay, right now I will take care of your children, okay, right now I will take care of your children, next time if your legs are crooked, I will next time if your legs are crooked, I will next time if your legs are crooked, I will straighten them by beating them, I am straighten them by beating them, I am straighten them by beating them, I am saying this my children, I am saying this again, all your saying this my children, I am saying this again, all your saying this my children, I am saying this again, all your children who are roaming around with moustached heads, children who are roaming around with moustached heads, children who are roaming around with moustached heads, cover them all cover them all cover them all immediately, our children, leave them, go immediately, our children, leave them, go immediately, our children, leave them, go ahead, guys the police have come, they have come, ahead, guys the police have come, they have come, ahead, guys the police have come, they have come, look, look, look, drag uncle, no, no, do drag uncle, no, no, do not catch uncle, look, I will look, guys, if you do this then not catch uncle, look, I will look, guys, if you do this then not catch uncle, look, I will look, guys, if you do this then Firchu I have come.  I have come to pick him up guys Jichu is I have come.  I have come to pick him up guys Jichu is I have come.  I have come to pick him up guys Jichu is crying a lot friend, the poor guy is locked up since last night, crying a lot friend, the poor guy is locked up since last night, crying a lot friend, the poor guy is locked up since last night, this kid is cute and that is why I am letting him go, otherwise I would never have been able to let him go, I would have this kid is cute and that is why I am letting him go, otherwise I would never have been able to let him go, I would have ruined the whole life of the parents, ruined the whole life of the parents, ruined the whole life of the parents, then come come friend guys the then come come friend guys the then come come friend guys the police has opened the door, come on come on come on come police has opened the door, come on come on come on come police has opened the door, come on come on come on come my friend Chichu come here he has come to me friend friend friend [laughs] I am missing you a [laughs] I am missing you a [laughs] I am missing you a lot okay come on come on come on come lot okay come on come on come on come uncle because of your actions the uncle because of your actions the uncle because of your actions the children have to suffer children have to suffer children have to suffer bhajan you also did not understand them, nothing is left bhajan you also did not understand them, nothing is left bhajan you also did not understand them, nothing is left next time if any such act happens next time if any such act happens next time if any such act happens I will put you both in jail, please make a I will put you both in jail, please make a request, I have a small request [laughs] request, I have a small request [laughs] request, I have a small request [laughs] see he is my brother, he is my friend, see he is my brother, he is my friend, see he is my brother, he is my friend, I take care of him okay he I take care of him okay he I take care of him okay he often sends me his complaints and I also solve his cases. often sends me his complaints and I also solve his cases. Well, I have a small request. Well, I have a small request. He's naive to play the instrument once [laughs].  He is innocent, he is naive. He's naive to play the instrument once [laughs].  He is innocent, he is naive. He's naive to play the instrument once [laughs].  He is innocent, he is naive. He is innocent, friend, he is innocent, he is innocent.  Please please do He is innocent, friend, he is innocent, he is innocent.  Please please do He is innocent, friend, he is innocent, he is innocent.  Please please do n't even do that, take care little one. n't even do that, take care little one. n't even do that, take care little one. Ok ok thanks brother.  Thankfully Guys Ok ok thanks brother.  Thankfully Guys Ok ok thanks brother.  Thankfully Guys our Ichu and Talli are back. our Ichu and Talli are back. our Ichu and Talli are back. Look, he has also come.  I am not showing this at all.   The Look, he has also come.  I am not showing this at all.   The Look, he has also come.  I am not showing this at all.   The poor guy is crying a lot.   If you poor guy is crying a lot.   If you poor guy is crying a lot.   If you hit me, then something hit me, then something hit me, then something very bad has happened to me, friend. very bad has happened to me, friend. very bad has happened to me, friend. Look uncle, poor Rom was crying for two days. Look uncle, poor Rom was crying for two days. Look uncle, poor Rom was crying for two days. He is in a bad state due to crying.  The subscribers have come. He is in a bad state due to crying.  The subscribers have come. He is in a bad state due to crying.  The subscribers have come. Yes, we have saved Eechu and Talli. Yes, we have saved Eechu and Talli. Yes, we have saved Eechu and Talli. Okay, right? Okay, right? Okay, right? You should not play Bhaja otherwise the police will You should not play Bhaja otherwise the police will You should not play Bhaja otherwise the police will catch you too. catch you too. catch you too. Yes, take care.   I do Yes, take care.   I do Yes, take care.   I do n't play it.   Okay n't play it.   Okay n't play it.   Okay okay.  By Allah Hafiz.  Thank you okay.  By Allah Hafiz.  Thank you okay.  By Allah Hafiz.  Thank you Alhamdulillah guys, the glory of both our houses has Alhamdulillah guys, the glory of both our houses has Alhamdulillah guys, the glory of both our houses has returned.  Ichu is sitting on my lap returned.  Ichu is sitting on my lap returned.  Ichu is sitting on my lap and Talli is sitting behind me, friend. and Talli is sitting behind me, friend. and Talli is sitting behind me, friend. My younger brother is sitting on my lap. My younger brother is sitting on my lap. My younger brother is sitting on my lap. Yes uncle, look there, look there, aunty is also Yes uncle, look there, look there, aunty is also Yes uncle, look there, look there, aunty is also waiting at the door since quite a long time.  Come waiting at the door since quite a long time.  Come waiting at the door since quite a long time.  Come uncle, let me show you.  Check something uncle, let me show you.  Check something uncle, let me show you.  Check something here, here, here, Ichu has come, he has come, Ichu has come, he has come, Ichu has come, he has come, where did the bastard take his son, where did the bastard take his son, where did the bastard take his son, go and meet mum, go and meet mum, go and meet mum, how did you find Ichu, where did you find him, how did you find Ichu, where did you find him, how did you find Ichu, where did you find him, aunt, we have brought him from the police station, he was aunt, we have brought him from the police station, he was aunt, we have brought him from the police station, he was locked up in the lockup, yes he was crying so much, he was locked up in the lockup, yes he was crying so much, he was locked up in the lockup, yes he was crying so much, he was saying mum, mum, saying mum, mum, saying mum, mum, oh my child [laughs] Abba oh my child [laughs] Abba oh my child [laughs] Abba oh my son, you oh my son, you oh my son, you know he has told you very strictly not to know he has told you very strictly not to know he has told you very strictly not to play musical instruments, right, play musical instruments, right, play musical instruments, right, now you have to take care, this guy has said it, oh now you have to take care, this guy has said it, oh now you have to take care, this guy has said it, oh I also forgot, hug me too, I also forgot, hug me too, I also forgot, hug me too, friend, yes it stands there just like that.  Oh you, friend, yes it stands there just like that.  Oh you, friend, yes it stands there just like that.  Oh you, I thought that I should feed milk to my son, I thought that I should feed milk to my son, I thought that I should feed milk to my son, I did not even drink the bottle, he I did not even drink the bottle, he I did not even drink the bottle, he is also a son, he too, you have is also a son, he too, you have is also a son, he too, you have forgotten each one of them, friend, he forgotten each one of them, friend, he forgotten each one of them, friend, he is elder, right? Yes, give is elder, right? Yes, give is elder, right? Yes, give me something to drink, I am also thirsty, I will me something to drink, I am also thirsty, I will me something to drink, I am also thirsty, I will feed you shoes, right? You have brought me feed you shoes, right? You have brought me feed you shoes, right? You have brought me nephews from today, right? I will tell you, I will come and send nephews from today, right? I will tell you, I will come and send this guy back, he is the one who gets the this guy back, he is the one who gets the this guy back, he is the one who gets the kids caught, ever since the kids caught, ever since the kids caught, ever since the kids have come, I do not even kids have come, I do not even kids have come, I do not even get milk, friend, get milk, friend, get milk, friend, look how nice aunty she is, friend, look, she look how nice aunty she is, friend, look, she look how nice aunty she is, friend, look, she loves her kids so much, she has loves her kids so much, she has loves her kids so much, she has taken them inside, look, she is taken them inside, look, she is taken them inside, look, she is taking them directly to the kitchen, telling them to taking them directly to the kitchen, telling them to taking them directly to the kitchen, telling them to come, sit, have food and drink, yes aunty, come, sit, have food and drink, yes aunty, come, sit, have food and drink, yes aunty, serve them well.  Look how much this is, serve them well.  Look how much this is, serve them well.  Look how much this is, now your brother is back home.  You do now your brother is back home.  You do now your brother is back home.  You do n't even meet him. n't even meet him. n't even meet him. Yes, I have found them all. Yes, I have found them all. Yes, I have found them all. You have not drunk water for two-three days.  I drink water. You have not drunk water for two-three days.  I drink water. Yes, sit and drink. Yes, sit and drink. Yes, sit and drink. Now you are happy, right?  Now the children have come. Now you are happy, right?  Now the children have come. Now you are happy, right?  Now the children have come. My mind was disturbed for two days. My mind was disturbed for two days. My mind was disturbed for two days. Yes.   It's Yes.   It's Yes.   It's all your fault because of you.  You took it and gave it to me. all your fault because of you.  You took it and gave it to me. I had taken it but the police.  Okay okay, but wait I had taken it but the police.  Okay okay, but wait I had taken it but the police.  Okay okay, but wait friend, wait, you start fighting friend, friend, wait, you start fighting friend, friend, wait, you start fighting friend, you are crazy friend, do you are crazy friend, do you are crazy friend, do n't do this with my aunt [laughs] he n't do this with my aunt [laughs] he n't do this with my aunt [laughs] he is my uncle, I am not saying anything, uncle has come, oh have some is my uncle, I am not saying anything, uncle has come, oh have some is my uncle, I am not saying anything, uncle has come, oh have some shame, he is my uncle, that is why I am not shame, he is my uncle, that is why I am not shame, he is my uncle, that is why I am not saying anything, guys, anyway, thank God saying anything, guys, anyway, thank God saying anything, guys, anyway, thank God all the children are back home, the routine has also become all the children are back home, the routine has also become all the children are back home, the routine has also become normal again, I will light the light, Amma, normal again, I will light the light, Amma, normal again, I will light the light, Amma, tell me, have you prepared anything for the children to eat? tell me, have you prepared anything for the children to eat? Yes, Yes, Yes, what have you prepared, I have what have you prepared, I have what have you prepared, I have prepared everything, prepared everything, prepared everything, yes, thank God, uncle, Amma has prepared everything, yes, thank God, uncle, Amma has prepared everything, yes, thank God, uncle, Amma has prepared everything, look, look, the look, look, the look, look, the food for the children is lying there every day, food for the children is lying there every day, food for the children is lying there every day, friend. friend. friend. Look at this, give it to me.  Give me these two mangoes.  First Look at this, give it to me.  Give me these two mangoes.  First Look at this, give it to me.  Give me these two mangoes.  First I will give mangoes to Ichu.  As soon as Ichu comes, he is I will give mangoes to Ichu.  As soon as Ichu comes, he is I will give mangoes to Ichu.  As soon as Ichu comes, he is meeting me in his car.  Take this Ichu, I have meeting me in his car.  Take this Ichu, I have meeting me in his car.  Take this Ichu, I have brought mango for you.  You eat with great pleasure.   Now brought mango for you.  You eat with great pleasure.   Now aunty, you just take care of him.  Amma is saying aunty, you just take care of him.  Amma is saying aunty, you just take care of him.  Amma is saying that the food is being cooked.   I will that the food is being cooked.   I will that the food is being cooked.   I will not send it out. not send it out. not send it out. We will We will We will bring some more instruments too.  You brought the instruments first. bring some more instruments too.  You brought the instruments first. Check that.  Look, he is eating mango.   I will Check that.  Look, he is eating mango.   I will Check that.  Look, he is eating mango.   I will cut it and give it to you.  Show me, I will cut it.   Give it here. cut it and give it to you.  Show me, I will cut it.   Give it here. cut it and give it to you.  Show me, I will cut it.   Give it here. Friend, give this to mother.  Cut it into Friend, give this to mother.  Cut it into Friend, give this to mother.  Cut it into two pieces.  Ichu will eat it.  Come on guys, finally the two pieces.  Ichu will eat it.  Come on guys, finally the two pieces.  Ichu will eat it.  Come on guys, finally the kids are home.  Absolutely, our visit home has become a kids are home.  Absolutely, our visit home has become a kids are home.  Absolutely, our visit home has become a happy one, friend Punjab Police, thank you too, happy one, friend Punjab Police, thank you too, happy one, friend Punjab Police, thank you too, long live the Pak Army.  You have to long live the Pak Army.  You have to long live the Pak Army.  You have to like our vlog, subscribe like our vlog, subscribe like our vlog, subscribe and pray and give us such messages.  Yes.