Hey, what's up? I'm Swagat here. I'm the CEO of Aayu NPU. I'm the CEO of Aayu NPU. I'm also the CEO of Delhi Routine. I'm the CEO of Time. I'm the CEO of Time. I'm the CEO of Time. I'm the CEO of the Uther. I'm the CEO of the Redi. I'm the CEO of Time. Hey! You're a good man, right? You're a good man. I'm sorry. Hello, madam! Hello! Time is up! Sorry! Good morning, mommy. What's up? I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Good morning. Mommy. What's up? I'm sorry. You're not baby. I am high enough to treatments you. Where are theMore because you're just some guy! You're still ratioing yourself, right? I'm busy. Mommy Guys. What are you doing? What is this? I'm okay. You talked about the spa. What about the show? What's going on? Tell me, it's a Saturday. What's going on? Good morning! What palette are you specifically going to wear? Friends, there's ready-for-flight today. I'm so happy to have seen James' video. We have done it so well, so I said yes! Have you cooked it months before? How old were able to cook? No, no, no. No. Your friends didn't recommend her video once today. I don't know why they do that routine. What are doing? You don't wanna use our routine? It can't go! A process of seeing her routine? Yeah, she looks like she comes, I think you should. Mummy rich?! Black tea? Normal tea? Other quality? I forgot it! Good. I thought you're telling me. It's Goodell. Well then… Ok! See you in a month though! D working Well Kathi, good. I've had them at first I've asked equivalent meme which show has much volume Then you can talk to mirror What is wrong with them while dancing?es He turns into posting This. It looks so nice in the few minutes sorry, say bathroom every week hi, onto them do you think you want a meal with me no, just talk oftor give them a call give them a call give them a call because they want a Joshua what a soundstable but they are Potential be careful dear, you see you got aiy people and a mom you tell the kids I need help from them. My daughter is hatie 110. Is your daddy did it? That man.?" It's my Jay Uber's at history ask you to give that dream a CI smash the button get Octation Get a different color Scott, he Bushes the design I'll buy a different design Why you got cool tooy Mark They name your design Why you gloves here before they come ? Get married, come on Me too I wanna have a job I can noodle, then I sleep Listen, listen If you can't make your guys cold Because they feel like humans And humans You didn't even know did you? Try something Take a look Yes Try you have to be battered I'm so dareful Art is so dareful Episode 7oom you made me eliminating right, you dwarves soTemple isnew it's empty It's hard I just came to relax hmm, what's that? because you're Lights have blue Why little sister? No I do not think so. we came here to open a I thought you watch when she lit it. chuckling badly I'm so based on carriesWe are cup yo He went through with a spe Wick I WiFied withuli transfers for every Noise we went through nothing I wanna't beve factories Sh I'm waiting for his song healthy this is... I won't beve What about astronauts ok, just listen to that what about ultraviolet light? My husband also stopped my birthday she forgot about the vlogging She forgot about the waterproof camera transform my Depot Secretary our GoPro components? you smile please like Mr Vlog noises I am satisfied nearly but to someoneAl Stop turned off turn on oh he's got a way of it feathering You see guys, if you want to have a eye eye eye then you might wake up Oh Absolutely Cool mama? I think you can drink like a cain Three days or two, which is your convenience to buy the These Jeans If you put it forward enough You already received a display old From the real Quick Once you fucking show up I'm not going to do that! What? I'm not going to do that! I'm going to do it! I'm going to do it! I'm going to do it! I'm going to do it! I'm going to do it! I'm going to do it! See you! Hello friends! Morning routine is coming up! Have you ever had a soft day? I'm going to do it! Today is the normal day! I'm going to do a radio radio. How long has our time? Our time is 11 am. Today we're going to do the radio Both You eh... Shab I will leave you alone! I'll never get lost like all! Not the realization, but so We could have HIT YOU HAIR, And Foster breaker is coming for an Sek rat You tell her not to get locked Pick off this Problems Happy we'll work atADA And she can save us all Mariko Jin You can leave. This Indian woman names she helped me on Meli rice song a lot Your cereal sounds so Koran No seriously I want to eat Wait..... I sold electronics, A few girls My girl help me My girl teachers okay I'm going to tell you, office is not going to work. No. I'm going to tell you, office is not going to work. Daddy. What's the matter? You're going to tell me, office is not going to work. Hello? What's up? What's up? Are you a real thing? I'm going to tell you, buddy. Sir, please. No, I'm not going to tell you. No, I'm not. No, I'm not. And you're going to tell me? Buddy, buddy, buddy. No, who are you, what are you? Two-in-one. Two-in-one. Are you a real thing? Realer. You're a total I'm not sure if you can tell me what to do Oh, you're so sad I'm sorry Friends, I'm a mom and mom I'm going to be first But I'm not going to be able to do that I'll report I'll report What? What do you want? Game? I want to play a game Yes I want to play a game What? What do you want? I want to play a laptop I want to play a laptop I want to play a laptop Hey So you have to throw out more But, it's going to pay off fair play I've never used that I've never guessed that This is the truth I want more Berkeley fans? I'm terrified Hold a fold But I can feel it now Really, it's so comfortable At home we eat If you come here Under the rid of the white Under the rid of the white Hey what's the You just walked all the way to colour? No, no, no. I don't think you're a guy how to say anything for the customs, no? I was not mistaken for every day. I washell, you gave your dad an oondis, brother. Put back the burden to expected girls! Papa, I think you're gonna be missing a little bit. Yeah, Daddy and Papa are gonna be there. You're gonna be there? Yes, I will. And you're gonna be there? Yes. Okay. And you're gonna be there soon. You're gonna be there soon. I'm gonna be there soon. I'm gonna be there soon. Yeah, but I'm gonna be there soon. I'm gonna be there soon. I'll be there soon. I thought you guys were at a party. What about you? Well, I'll see you in the next video. Bye!