Hey guys, welcome back to my channel. I
literally just got out the shower,
that's why my hair is wet. But you guys,
I have been spending my days alone. This
weekend I have no man, I have no kid.
Manny actually had to go travel, he went
to his mom's house. And if you guys
don't know, we live like 4 4 and 1/2
hours away from his mom's house. And
obviously Leggy wants to go see his
grandma. He's been gone for a couple of
days. So I was like, you know what? This
weekend I'm going to do things that I
normally don't do. Currently night time,
I feel like I never start my blogs at
night, so it feels a little weird. But
we're going to start off our night by
doing some self-care, blow drying my
hair, maybe doing a little bit of
baking. And no, not that baking.
Or should I? I'm going to use this
Kerastase essential blow dry care. You
guys, I feel like some people don't like
being alone, but I actually really enjoy
spending time alone. It's not for like
too long though, or else they start
getting like a little depressed. A few
days, I feel like it's kind of good for
you. And don't get me wrong, I do miss
Benny and Leggy a lot actually. But I
kind of feel like this is like a reset.
Guess who's calling. Hello.
Hi dada.
HI MY LOVE.
OH MY GOD, YOU HAVE SO MANY TOYS. You
organized ALL OF THEM?
THAT is so cool. You have a cool
collection right there.
You're so lucky.
Hi, I didn't know daddy was with you.
Hi my love.
But you're my love.
So go ahead and dry blow
blow dry. What the [ __ ]
Again, it looks like you went and got a
blow job at your a blow out
at All right guys, let's go ahead and
blow dry our hair. Y'all know you guys
hate [ __ ] that
I just got done blow drying my hair. I
kind of did it like messily. I kind of
still have like frizzy hair, but I
didn't want to keep going over it
because I'm going to go to sleep tonight
anyways. I'm going to wear a hair
bonnet. Just ordered some DoorDash
because in the middle of me like doing
my hair, I was like, "Holy [ __ ] I don't
have facial wipes." I was going to do my
skin care. I still have concealer on.
I still need to do my skin care routine.
I still have a little bit of concealer
on. And when I realized, I was like, "I
am not going out to the store late at
night, almost at 9:00 p.m. No siree."
Because I'm like low-key paranoid. I
feel like I watch too many crime shows.
So, when Benny's not here, I don't like
going out at night.
What the hell?
I didn't order this. I got some
disposable face towels, and I also got a
little midnight snack. Do you want the
cheese Doritos or the spicy nachos with
sour cream?
Bomb. I know I shouldn't be eating this,
but I'm bored. Ooh, look, I also got a
little mask that we're going to be doing
tonight. [ __ ] I ran out of water. Ugh,
dude. I was [ __ ] thirsty. Guys, I've
been thirsty all day, and when I was out
and about, I freaking forgot to buy
some, so I'm going to have to DoorDash
that, too. My whole paycheck goes to
DoorDash. Let's close all these curtains
cuz I don't want no creeps looking in.
So, since like I'm alone, I'm going to
be using my vibration plate. I don't use
it all the time because by the time it's
like night time, I'm too tired. But
today, I have no responsibilities, so
we're going to use the vibration plate.
If you guys don't know what it is, it's
that thing right there. Supposedly, this
is supposed to help you get rid of
cellulite. It's like lymphatic drainage.
And I was supposed to be doing this like
15 minutes a day, but I don't do it
every day cuz I always forget. Let's do
it today.
Oh, I need to turn it on.
I'm on it, on.
Ooh.
Supposedly, this is good for like water
weight. If you hold on to a lot of water
weight, it drains it out of your system.
Ooh, surfing. I noticed that after doing
this, sometimes I get really itchy. Like
it happens to me like most of the time.
Oh, my
wait, I'm looking tired. They say that
you're never supposed to do it with your
knees locked. So, I'm trying to have
like a little bend to it. I noticed when
I'm like too straight up, it low-key
hurts my stomach. So, I have to like
lean back back like this a little bit.
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay. Feels like I'm
twerking.
I never chase them. I'm chasing chicks.
That's what the future [music] say.
I'm done.
You know what I feel like doing right
now? Baking some cookies. Let's bake
some cookies. Kind of feel [ __ ] up
making cookies without Lenny cuz I got
the cookie dough for Lenny and I to
make.
Forgive me, Lenny. Low-key, I've been
eating them raw, I'm not going to lie.
Oh, okay. Got to take out all the
[ __ ] POTS AND PANS.
I JUST GAVE MY HANDS A LITTLE
SCRUB-A-DUB-DUB. Place cookie dough
rounds about 2 in apart. Wait, am I
supposed to spray them in half on
ungreased cookie sheet. Oh, I'm supposed
to put them on sheets. Oh, sheets. [ __ ]
I don't even know if I have sheets.
Okay, so I have no cooking sheets, but I
looked it up and it says that I can use
aluminum foil and I'm supposed to grease
up the foil. I need to just grease her
up.
[ __ ] dude.
They're ready.
Oh my god, guys, they're ready and I
have no oven glove or mitten.
What do I do?
Let's take these babies out.
Okay, this is what they look like. I'm
going to let them cool down. Oh my god,
guys, I'm hella dumb. I didn't let the
oven preheat. That little timer was
because it was done preheating.
Like I'm inside. Why? Why is Benny
FaceTiming me while he's taking a [ __ ]
All right, babe. I started thinking
about you right here.
In the toilet?
I'm probably just going to go over there
and uh up with shawty.
Oh, man. What the
[ __ ] man?
Uh we're just kidding. You're funny.
All right, guys. Cookies are ready. They
look a little crispy, not going to lie.
Oh my god. They're too crispy. I left
them in there too long. I wanted them to
be like a little soft, you know? But
cookies and milk?
Mhm.
That's my [ __ ] right there. Feel like I
haven't had cookies in so long. I feel
like I was like, let me grab
a cookie.
Hell no, man. What the [ __ ] man?
And I was going to do like some
self-care, but honestly, I'm really
tired. I'll do that [ __ ] tomorrow. See
you guys tomorrow. Sleep tight. So Benny
and Leggy are in Stockton right now, so
I was like, this is the perfect time to
like really clean because I'm going to
have no distractions cuz usually when
Leggy's here, it's a little hard to
clean because he wants me to like color
with him or just like be playing with
him. So first on the list is I'm going
to refill a jar with my superfood greens
gummies. And my current faves have been
from Grüns. These are the Grüns
superfood greens gummies. Grüns are a
convenient, comprehensive formula packed
into a snack pack a day. I actually
haven't had one today, so let's go ahead
and open one up. This isn't a
multivitamin, a greens gummy, or a
prebiotic. Actually, it's all of those
and then some at a fraction of the
price. Honestly, they taste amazing.
These have so many benefits. So it helps
your gut health. It helps you grow
thicker hair, thicker nails, optimal
skin health, and immunity. I also like
these because generic multivitamins only
have like seven to nine vitamins, and
Grüns has 20 plus vitamins and minerals.
These have 60 ingredients that include
nutrient-dense and whole foods. For my
girlies out there that don't like sugar,
they also have sugar-free or low-sugar
options. And I love my vitamin C, and
these actually have vitamin C. It's
super good for immunity. These contain
biotin and niacinamide, which supports
healthy hair growth, nice skin, healthy
nails.
I'm refilling my jar. You guys, these
are so yummy. Use my link to get up to
61% off with free gifts. That's with no
code needed. Guys, I told myself that I
was going to start getting ready more
often. Like, I wanted to get back into
doing eyeshadow, like the glam that I
used to do before. So, this is today's
glam. I did some cute little bottom
lashes. I feel like they make you look
like such a doll. Today, I need to clean
the house. It's a freaking mess. I need
to declutter the pantry or like all my
seasonings. Cuz, tell me why I grabbed
the Tajin. I was having fruit, so I was
like, "Hmm, this sounds good with
Tajin." So, I look for some Tajin. And I
was like, "I don't remember buying Tajin
recently." I looked at the expiration
date. It expired in 2024.
And I ate it. I ate it like that. So,
yeah, I think we need to get rid of all
the old [ __ ] Oh, great. I ran out of
trash bags. Oh, wait. No, I have some. I
have some. I have some.
Let's see what's old in here. Y'all, my
pantry is, oh my god, a hot mess. A hot
mess.
We're in 2026, right? Bro, why is there
an empty
Why is there an empty box in here?
Bro, who be leaving these empty boxes
of bag of cookies with no cookies
inside?
You know what? I actually really want to
hire someone to just organize my whole
house, declutter. Is there people that
do that?
Ooh, I just know these are expired. I
don't even remember when I bought these.
Some Scooby Snacks? They expired in
2025.
Jeez, girl, I need to get it together.
Like, I wish I could just
see into someone's life and see like how
the [ __ ] do they keep up with all of
this? Like, do you guys declutter every
month? Do What do you guys do? Every
week? What How often am I supposed to do
this? Some tostadas
expired.
So, I told myself that I was going to do
a little bit at a day. Like, I don't
want to overwhelm myself because when I
feel like I have like too much
decluttering to do, I like I get so
overwhelmed that I like kind of freeze.
My goal was to like fill up this bag.
Kind of filled up. We're going to throw
this away and we'll fill up another bag
tomorrow. All right, actually time to
start cleaning.
Ooh, you guys, look at these PJs I just
got. They're so stinking cute. I got
them from Amazon. These are the little
shorts. I got these because I want to do
like those aesthetic like nights in my
life for like TikTok or something.
And I thought they were so cute. I got a
bunch of them. I got some yellow ones,
some pink ones.
The house is a mess. It's insane. A cute
little baby doll dress. I also got some
of my favorite body wash I ran out. It's
the Dove cherry plus chia milk. This
smells so good with the perfume that I
wear because it has like some notes of
cherry. You see, this is how I get
distracted. Okay, let's start. Let's
start. Let's start. Okay, one more
thing. One more thing.
I got some shoes from Amazon. Look, let
me show you guys. So cute. I have to
show you guys before I start. Look how
freaking cute these heels are.
Y'all, oh my god. These are the
prettiest heels I've ever seen.
Kiss. Ooh, they're a little hard to walk
in, I think.
Can I run in these? Ooh, these are hard
to walk in and run in. On the way to
blow up the bathroom.
Okay, I can tell when my ADHD meds start
to wear off. I think it's time for
another dose because I get distracted
too easily. I need to log in.
Cheers.
Guys, my freaking dishwasher broke, so I
have to wash all these by hand and like
let them dry over here or something.
All right you guys, I decided that I'm
going to do a little bit of shopping. I
feel like I never really go out to the
stores and shop, especially when I want
to go to like HomeGoods or Marshalls.
Benny hates going and Leggie gets super
impatient cuz there's not a lot of
things for kids. So, A! We're going to
go to Marshalls. Another store I really
want to go to, I want to go to Bath and
Body
Body. Okay, but the the store I really
want to go to is Bath and Body Works
because I feel like I never have hand
sanitizer on me. And the ones from Bath
and Body Works smell hella good. So, I'm
going to do a little Bath and Body Works
run. But guys, I don't know. I'm a
little scared. I feel like I never
really go shopping out alone because of
my anxiety. But we're going to [ __ ]
do it. It'll be like exposure therapy,
you know? You guys, this Summer Fridays
bronzer is so bomb. This is in the shade
clay. It's so freaking like creamy and
buttery. Blends like buttah.
Look, let me just show you guys. Fire.
I [ __ ] live for that like bronzed up
look.
Look how easily that blended out. So
pretty. All right guys, I'm almost done
getting ready. Max sent me a bunch of
lipsticks and lip liners. I put them all
in here. So, let's try a little lip
combo I have in. Okay, we're going to
try something new. I've never tried this
lip pencil, so let's try it. This one is
Max lip liner in the shade cool spice.
Oh, I'm getting a headache like right
here. So, you might I kind of twitch.
Ooh, I think they're like ice pick
headaches. I don't know if you guys have
ever heard of those. It's like sharp
pain. It feels like I'm getting stabbed
in the head. Ooh, Max lip liners are
literally the best. They're just elite.
Ooh, this is a really pretty shade, but
I do feel like it's really light. Like
lighter than what I usually go for. I
don't have a lip liner that looks
anything like this. This is such pretty
shade. I think I'm going to mix two
lipsticks. This is Max lipstick in the
shade sell out. It's like a pinky one,
then I'm going to do a super light in
the middle.
Ooh, this is pretty. I don't have a
lipstick like this, either. I'm going to
do Crème de Nude right in the middle.
All right, guys. I feel like this lippie
is so light. I'm so used to like dark
brown lip liners. What do we think? What
do we think? Guys, I've been thinking
about dissolving my lip filler to like
redo my lips because I do feel like I
got like a little migration and it looks
like a little bumpy. It's like nothing
too major, but oh my god, if I dissolve
my lips, I don't think I've seen my
natural lips in like 8 years. But, I
haven't gotten lip filler in so long and
I do feel like they've got way smaller.
I used to have like some crazy big lips
and now I kind of like overline my lips
instead of getting filler. I feel like
the migration isn't like too bad, but if
it starts like really bugging me, should
I dissolve them? All right, guys. I'm
going to add a darker blush. Hopefully,
it doesn't [ __ ] up my makeup. This is
MAC's blush in the shade Desert Rose.
Wait, I really like this. It's not like
your typical like bubblegum baby pink
that like everyone wears nowadays. This
is like a cute little change. The one
I've been loving lately is the MAC blush
in the shade Snob. It's more of a like
pinkier tone. Okay, I'm [ __ ]
obsessed, dude. Low-key ate on the
makeup because my skin has been really
dry from
using tretinoin. So, it's been kind of
hard to like see what makeup products go
well with my dry skin. Okay, fragrance
of the day is this Oakcha perfume in the
scent Rosalina. It smells so good. This
is a dupe for Creed's Carmina. And guess
how much a Creed perfume is. It's like
$400 or $600. So, I was like, you know
what? I'm going to get myself a little
doopy doop. It smells so similar to it
and it does last. All right, guys. We
are all ready. Let's go shopping. All
right, guys. This is the full fit. Super
comfy. I'm wearing some brown flats to
match the top. And I'm also wearing a
brown bag.
All right, let's go. Oh my god, I forgot
to put on sunscreen. That's the worst
thing I could have ever done. Whatever,
let's go. Guys, I finally got a car
tripod. I was struggling for the longest
time. Hey, now I can get more footage.
You know what's weird? I don't know why
I've been getting such bad insomnia.
Honestly, I think it's the medication
that I've been taking. Well, like I also
got to pump gas. I'm like on 40 miles.
My biggest fear is getting stranded,
like being left with no gas. And
thankfully, that hasn't happened to me
yet. Hopefully, it doesn't happen today.
Oh [ __ ] Oh [ __ ] Oh [ __ ] I actually
get my drinks decaf.
A long trip?
I don't know what I'm going to get for
you.
Can I get a iced white chocolate mocha?
And can I get that decaf, please?
Yeah.
And that'll be it. Thank you. Thank you.
Me, too. Whenever I'm craving coffee, I
just get an iced white chocolate mocha
decaf and it satisfies like my
coffee craving. I'll be back. Watch my
car, yeah?
Don't you hate when you have to go
inside the [ __ ] store? They didn't
take Apple Pay here, so I had to go
all the way inside, so
just getting my car is getting gas right
now. See, in situations like this, I
wish I had hand sanitizer cuz I touched
the dirty-ass gas pump.
Last time I pumped gas, I went to like a
dirty-ass gas station and the actual
pump looked [music] like almo grosso,
like
sticky vibes.
And I had no freaking hand sanitizer, so
we're going to [ __ ] go get some hand
sanitizer at Bath & Body Works. All
right, guys, I'm here and I don't know
why I have so much [ __ ] anxiety. I
think it's I just eat too many people.
I'm getting like overstimulated. Like,
can I just [ __ ] go into a store full
of people without shaking like a
Chihuahua? Like, every time I get super
anxious, I feel like I need to pee. And
you guys want to know what's crazy? I
feel like as a child, I wasn't like shy
at all. I was a very outspoken,
confident kid. And I feel like I don't
have a lot of videos or pictures of me
when I was a kid. And my cousin actually
sent me a video of myself from when I
was a kid. I gave like zero [ __ ] I
would like be singing and dancing. I'm
going to try to put it somewhere around
here in this video. Honestly, I feel
like what's giving me anxiety is
vlogging in public, not so much like
going into a store alone, I guess. I
don't know. I don't like when people
stare at me and obviously when you have
a camera pointed to your face, people
are going to look, you know? Like if I
saw someone vlogging like I would look.
Hey.
What are you doing?
I came to Bath & Body Works to like
vlog, you know? And I can't go in there.
I have anxiety.
All right. My advice to you is when you
go in there, you just pretend everybody
is in their underwear.
So that way you don't feel awkward
because everybody's naked.
No, I would feel like I'm the only one
in underwear and then I'm going to get
anxiety.
Vlogging in public feels like I'm out in
underwear and everyone's staring at me.
Yeah, true. But then again, it's 2026.
Everybody be vlogging nowadays.
All right, guys. I made it in. I'm only
going to get like a few hand sanitizers.
The store is way too packed. I'm getting
overstimulated. But all right, I just
grabbed a few hand sanitizers just to
[ __ ] have because my hands feel so
disgusting from touching the the little
pump at the gas station. Guys, I think
they were having a sale because I have
never seen so many people in there. They
already had like Halloween products. I
got this gold frame hand sanitizer. It
smells really good. Kind of smells like
the One Wish one. Yes, my hands feel a
little cleaner now. Then I also got
Denim and Daisies. This one smells so
good, too. Look how cute it is. I feel
like all of these smell so similar.
Smells like Pantalones en Flores. Then I
got a gummy snacks hand sanitizer. I got
this one for Leggi because he loves like
gummy bears or like gummy snacks. And
this actually does smell like gummies.
These two are my favorites. These smell
really, really good. Bath & Body Works
done now. I kind of want to go to
Marshalls. Let's go to Marshalls.
Actually, we're going to go to HomeGoods
cuz I do want to get some like
decorative pillows and like stuff for
the house. And I'm pretty sure they're
going to have Halloween items. So I kind
of want to get something to surprise
Leggi cuz they do come home tonight.
So let's get the [ __ ] out of here.
I don't know why I get like so
overstimulated and I do take my ADHD
medication, but I feel like that doesn't
help with my like overstimulation all
way. I feel like it helps me the most
with emotional regulation and like with
the overthinking. I think I just get
like overstimulated when there's too
much going on. Like I was trying to blog
while holding hella hand sanitizers in
my hand and my phone and the camera. So
I was like this. If you guys are new
here and you guys don't know, I used to
work at the mall selling fragrances
inside of Macy's. I used to work for
Chanel and like Marc Jacobs. And I would
always see old people shopping hella
early at like 8:00 in the morning. Now
we like, "What the [ __ ] Like why do
they shop so early?" Now I understand
why because that's that's when it's like
the emptiest. I feel like if you get
overstimulated easily, shopping in the
mornings is probably best. I don't think
I've ever shopped like super early in
the mornings. We are in HomeGoods. I
look you want to get a cute little lamp.
And I feel like we need one cuz we
always have like the big lights on. I
got a hand soap cuz I forgot to get some
at Bath & Body Works.
I don't want to get like a little
entertainment center for We have a loft
upstairs and this one is so cute. I
really like this one but how am I going
to get in the [ __ ] car? I'm going to
make Benny come back so we can buy it.
So far all I have is a hand soap. Okay,
you guys saw me struggle yesterday so
I'm going to get some
oven mitts. [music]
I also want to get some Halloween
decorations for Legend's room cuz he's
like obsessed with Halloween. Oh my god,
you guys, how cute is this? It's a
little Halloween serving set.
I'm going to get it for me, Legend, and
Benny. Can't help it. I miss Legend. I'm
always thinking about him. Look, I found
some books for him.
Go back, please. Send this to the front.
Go back.
Look, I thought this was so cute to use
like as a cookie jar. All right, look,
you feel like I got too many things.
This cart is full. I got so many things.
I'm going to give you guys a haul at
home. Well, you guys, that HomeGoods run
was very much needed cuz I feel like I
never really go to the store and just
shop alone. I did I spent almost 2 hours
in there. I kept going through the same
aisles like three times making sure I
looked at everything. I also wanted to
do an Ulta run, but I feel like it's
getting a little too late. I feel like
by the time I'm done shopping at Ulta,
it's going to be night time and I don't
like being out alone. That Ulta run is
going to have to wait. This today I
tried a new primer combo. Like I mixed a
pore-filling
primer with the like grippy one and oh
my god my makeup I looked at myself in
the mirror after sweating. That [ __ ]
looked so smooth. Used the Huda Beauty
primer and then I let that like settle
in and dry. And a few minutes later I
applied the Sheglam good grip primer.
The combo
chef's kiss. You guys know how I'm on
tretinoin. I feel like if I use it too
often
my skin starts like peeling and flaking
and the makeup won't sit on top like
especially on my nose. So I was like,
you know what? Let me try a little combo
and that [ __ ] [ __ ] worked. We are
back home. I literally cannot believe
that I've been alone for this many days.
It's been a few days already.
So quiet in here.
What the [ __ ]
Hello.
I'm [ __ ] ugly. You're [ __ ] ugly.
I think it's time for a home goods tour.
All right guys, first thing that I got
are these
super cute big ruffle decorative
pillows. I have been looking for pillows
like this for a while now. Like that
super cute vintage-y look. Next I got
this.
Cuz you guys will not believe it when we
bought this house the people that used
to live here before us left their toilet
paper holder. It looked rusty as [ __ ]
and I just like never changed it and
it's been a couple years now. So I was
like, why the [ __ ] did we keep their
toilet paper holder? All rusted. So I
bought one that looks similar to it. I'm
going to start decorating for Halloween.
So I thought these were so freaking
adorable. Look at these. Look at these.
[ __ ] cute. So, I got these for the
restroom and I also got some got some
Halloween hand towels to match the hand
soaps. And I kind of try to like stay on
theme like bear themed. So, I got this
right here. I don't know what I'm going
to use it for. Maybe like a cookie jar.
I don't know. What do you guys think I
should put in here? But look, it's a
little bear mommy. I picked up some
books for him. I got him three new
books. And then he also loves drawing.
So, he's always asking me for blank
paper like white paper and we never have
some. So, I got him a sketchbook with
plain white sheets. Next up, we also got
another Halloween themed thing. This is
like a little serving tray Halloween
themed. I just feel like I need to be
more festive now that I have a kid. I
want him to like have core memories of
us being festive and look at their
little faces. They're so [ __ ] cute. A
measuring cup and oven mitts.
Doesn't [ __ ] work.
[ __ ] kidding me?
Oh, there you go.
Ooh, it smells good. Smells like fall.
Honestly, if you're going to work in
customer service, you need to like
people, okay? I know everyone has bad
days, but that doesn't mean you get to
be rude like that, okay? I kind of
mirror the energy you give me. Notice
that I do that. I do it like
unintentionally. Maybe I shouldn't be
like that. Maybe I should be the bigger
person, but I mean, I won't be rude to
you back like talking [ __ ] but if I
feel like you're rude like I'm not going
to try to make conversation with you,
you know? That didn't happen at
HomeGoods, by the way. All right, guys.
That is it for today's video. I'll see
you guys in next week.
