I didn't feel like cooking dinner that night I didn't feel like cooking dinner that night I didn't feel like cooking dinner that night so we all went out.  Aaru creates a so we all went out.  Aaru creates a so we all went out.  Aaru creates a lot of trouble in the car.  She does lot of trouble in the car.  She does lot of trouble in the car.  She does n't even let me drive the car.  Here we all have reached the n't even let me drive the car.  Here we all have reached the n't even let me drive the car.  Here we all have reached the hotel.  We were very hotel.  We were very hotel.  We were very confused as to what to eat?  I am confused as to what to eat?  I am confused as to what to eat?  I am asking Aaru but she is not telling me anything. asking Aaru but she is not telling me anything. asking Aaru but she is not telling me anything. So here we all ordered Paneer So here we all ordered Paneer So here we all ordered Paneer Biryani.  Actually, it was made very tasty Biryani.  Actually, it was made very tasty Biryani.  Actually, it was made very tasty and I gave it to Aaru with cartoons on it. and I gave it to Aaru with cartoons on it. and I gave it to Aaru with cartoons on it. She is watching cartoons because it was very She is watching cartoons because it was very She is watching cartoons because it was very disturbing.  Glass was being disturbing.  Glass was being disturbing.  Glass was being thrown around a lot.  Aru thrown around a lot.  Aru thrown around a lot.  Aru 's father also ate and I also ate and Aru 's father also ate and I also ate and Aru 's father also ate and I also ate and Aru is watching cartoons.  That's what I was looking at. is watching cartoons.  That's what I was looking at. is watching cartoons.  That's what I was looking at. And here we are giving water to Aaru.   She has And here we are giving water to Aaru.   She has And here we are giving water to Aaru.   She has not eaten even a bite of food and is just drinking water. not eaten even a bite of food and is just drinking water. not eaten even a bite of food and is just drinking water. Here I was giving you water to drink, so Here I was giving you water to drink, so Here I was giving you water to drink, so drink it again, but I was telling you to eat the food. drink it again, but I was telling you to eat the food. drink it again, but I was telling you to eat the food. So she was shaking her head.  She says So she was shaking her head.  She says So she was shaking her head.  She says I will not eat.  Then we did the billing and then I will not eat.  Then we did the billing and then I will not eat.  Then we did the billing and then we all left.  She was troubling me here too.  She was we all left.  She was troubling me here too.  She was we all left.  She was troubling me here too.  She was playing with the glass again and again. playing with the glass again and again. playing with the glass again and again. Then we all are leaving for home.  Since he did Then we all are leaving for home.  Since he did Then we all are leaving for home.  Since he did not eat food, we thought of not eat food, we thought of not eat food, we thought of giving him a banana.  So she will eat the banana.  So I ate a banana giving him a banana.  So she will eat the banana.  So I ate a banana giving him a banana.  So she will eat the banana.  So I ate a banana and then I was trying to sleep.  Did and then I was trying to sleep.  Did and then I was trying to sleep.  Did n't sleep.  So here I went to n't sleep.  So here I went to n't sleep.  So here I went to drink cashew shake and almond shake which has become the drink cashew shake and almond shake which has become the drink cashew shake and almond shake which has become the favorite of both of us, mother and daughter.  Meaning it favorite of both of us, mother and daughter.  Meaning it favorite of both of us, mother and daughter.  Meaning it feels very good.  Gave it to Aaru also. feels very good.  Gave it to Aaru also. feels very good.  Gave it to Aaru also. Look, Aaru is drinking.  I was feeding him food but he did Look, Aaru is drinking.  I was feeding him food but he did Look, Aaru is drinking.  I was feeding him food but he did not eat it.  We all have reached not eat it.  We all have reached not eat it.  We all have reached home and I am home and I am home and I am keeping whatever I had brought in the fridge.