Brother, I've got a snake. Brother, Brother, I've got a snake. Brother, Brother, I've got a snake. Brother, come quickly. come quickly. Brother, I can't. Brother, come quickly. Sister, come quickly. Brother, I've got a snake. Grandpa, what kind of snake is it? Brother, look at that snake. Grandpa, I took a Brother, I can't. Brother, come quickly. Sister, come quickly. Brother, I've got a snake. Grandpa, what kind of snake is it? Brother, look at that snake. Grandpa, I took a snake for Tulsi and ate it. snake for Tulsi and ate it. snake for Tulsi and ate it. Hurry up and buy it. Don't you have Hurry up and buy it. Don't you have Hurry up and buy it. Don't you have anything? Chew it well. Chew it quickly. anything? Chew it well. Chew it quickly. anything? Chew it well. Chew it quickly. Uncle, Tulsi took a snake and ate it. Uncle, Tulsi took a snake and ate it. Tulsi, if you get a snake, do you know what it is? Tulsi, if you get a snake, do you know what it is? Tulsi, if you get a snake, do you know what it is? The hospital doesn't need everything. The hospital doesn't need everything. The hospital doesn't need everything. It will cost. It will cost. It will cost. What's up, brother?   Did What's up, brother?   Did What's up, brother?   Did you take Perusa with you? you take Perusa with you? you take Perusa with you? Hey, what kind of snake skin is this? Hey, what kind of snake skin is this? Hey, what kind of snake skin is this? Many snakeskin. Many snakeskin. Many snakeskin. Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, what a bad time. what a bad time. what a bad time. [Crying] I don't know [Crying] I don't know [Crying] I don't know what kind of snake it is, Dad. what kind of snake it is, Dad. what kind of snake it is, Dad. My brother is looking for it. My brother is looking for it. My brother is looking for it. Grandpa can't see what kind of snake it is. Grandpa can't see what kind of snake it is. Grandpa can't see what kind of snake it is. But there was a good snake charmer in that place But there was a good snake charmer in that place But there was a good snake charmer in that place . . . Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, if you think of a good snake, you've got it right if you think of a good snake, you've got it right if you think of a good snake, you've got it right .  The water snake came .  The water snake came .  The water snake came here and gathered the whole town. here and gathered the whole town. here and gathered the whole town. There is no water snake.  Even if it's a cut and paste, There is no water snake.  Even if it's a cut and paste, they'll still gather like this.  That's right, who they'll still gather like this.  That's right, who they'll still gather like this.  That's right, who brought so many people here? brought so many people here? brought so many people here? I'm the one who sent a I'm the one who sent a I'm the one who sent a voice message to my sister on our family WhatsApp group, and voice message to my sister on our family WhatsApp group, and voice message to my sister on our family WhatsApp group, and everyone came and got everyone came and got everyone came and got shocked.  It shocked.  It shocked.  It hurts like that, Grandpa. Why don't you go to hurts like that, Grandpa. Why don't you go to court and say that you shouldn't run a white shop? Oh my God, court and say that you shouldn't run a white shop? Oh my God, court and say that you shouldn't run a white shop? Oh my God, what will they do with this? In the Acharya Dev Bhavan Acharya Dev Bhavan Acharya Dev Bhavan matter, not one petition has been filed against you, but five or matter, not one petition has been filed against you, but five or matter, not one petition has been filed against you, but five or six petitions have been filed. six petitions have been filed. six petitions have been filed. What do we say on our side?  The What do we say on our side?  The What do we say on our side?  The wine shop only opens at 12 noon. wine shop only opens at 12 noon. wine shop only opens at 12 noon. What does he say to that?  No, he's What does he say to that?  No, he's What does he say to that?  No, he's running around the block at 6 in the morning. running around the block at 6 in the morning. running around the block at 6 in the morning. What do we say to that?  We What do we say to that?  We don't have wine shops and bars open after 10pm.  What does he say to that?   He only don't have wine shops and bars open after 10pm.  What does he say to that?   He only becomes extremely active after 10 o'clock at night.  They sit on the becomes extremely active after 10 o'clock at night.  They sit on the becomes extremely active after 10 o'clock at night.  They sit on the school grounds, completely bewildered, not knowing where to put the goods they buy at the night market school grounds, completely bewildered, not knowing where to put the goods they buy at the night market . . . He said something more than this.  So, He said something more than this.  So, He said something more than this.  So, take a plastic drinking glass and take a plastic drinking glass and take a plastic drinking glass and mix it with water.  That's what makes you gargle mix it with water.  That's what makes you gargle mix it with water.  That's what makes you gargle , that's what , that's what , that's what makes you vomit.  Do you remember when makes you vomit.  Do you remember when makes you vomit.  Do you remember when you had a banner saying "Diwali offer" and said that you had a banner saying "Diwali offer" and said that you had a banner saying "Diwali offer" and said that whoever drinks fulla for more than ₹1000, they would give him a whoever drinks fulla for more than ₹1000, they would give him a whoever drinks fulla for more than ₹1000, they would give him a fridge, TV, and fridge, TV, and fridge, TV, and grinder in a jiffy grinder in a jiffy grinder in a jiffy ? ? ? He filmed all of this and showed it He filmed all of this and showed it He filmed all of this and showed it to the judges to the judges to the judges .  He put the film bag on the bottom and said, " .  He put the film bag on the bottom and said, " .  He put the film bag on the bottom and said, " Arum Ponnu."  What can you Arum Ponnu."  What can you Arum Ponnu."  What can you do, uncle? do, uncle? do, uncle? What has he been doing for so long? What has he been doing for so long? What has he been doing for so long? Why are you getting tense now? Why are you getting tense now? Why are you getting tense now? What is the verdict now? They have said that you What is the verdict now? They have said that you What is the verdict now? They have said that you should not set up a wine shop in the town. should not set up a wine shop in the town. should not set up a wine shop in the town. I will I will I will give you a good idea. give you a good idea. give you a good idea. We will put the wine shop and bar outside or in the village. We will put the wine shop and bar outside or in the village. We will put the wine shop and bar outside or in the village. Our citizens are leaving without having to Our citizens are leaving without having to Our citizens are leaving without having to borrow from the sharecropper to drink borrow from the sharecropper to drink borrow from the sharecropper to drink .  Besides, no matter .  Besides, no matter .  Besides, no matter what case we file, we what case we file, we what case we file, we cannot stop our income. cannot stop our income. cannot stop our income. Hey, the Hey, the rent he charges for running a wine shop is 5,000 baht a day. rent he charges for running a wine shop is 5,000 baht a day. rent he charges for running a wine shop is 5,000 baht a day. We are proud to have a wine shop in our area. We are proud to have a wine shop in our area. We are proud to have a wine shop in our area. This is what This is what This is what my groom had a dream about my groom had a dream about my groom had a dream about .  He runs this bar, he runs a .  He runs this bar, he runs a wedding hall, he runs a bar, he runs all this for the sake of wedding hall, he runs a bar, he runs all this for the sake of wedding hall, he runs a bar, he runs all this for the sake of honor. He's just trying to take honor. He's just trying to take honor. He's just trying to take your honor and he's just trying to steal it your honor and he's just trying to steal it your honor and he's just trying to steal it like a scoundrel, so that's honor. like a scoundrel, so that's honor. like a scoundrel, so that's honor. Arum Ponnu Petition Paraman. Arum Ponnu Petition Paraman. Arum Ponnu Petition Paraman. What brother? What brother? What brother? My brother will come home in the morning and see my father My brother will come home in the morning and see my father My brother will come home in the morning and see my father .   It's a .   It's a .   It's a good thing to be invisible, isn't it? good thing to be invisible, isn't it? good thing to be invisible, isn't it? Oh, tell me, uncle, we want to talk about the Tulsi ritual Oh, tell me, uncle, we want to talk about the Tulsi ritual Oh, tell me, uncle, we want to talk about the Tulsi ritual .  What are you .  What are you .  What are you going to do, what did I say? going to do, what did I say? going to do, what did I say? Uncle, you have to show them what you're afraid of, Uncle, you have to show them what you're afraid of, Uncle, you have to show them what you're afraid of, uncle. uncle. uncle. Hey, isn't this your hometown?   Don't Hey, isn't this your hometown?   Don't think about cutting down on unnecessary problems. think about cutting down on unnecessary problems. think about cutting down on unnecessary problems. Uncle, Uncle, Uncle, first of all, I'll ask them to leave their great-grandfather Arunathiya alone first of all, I'll ask them to leave their great-grandfather Arunathiya alone first of all, I'll ask them to leave their great-grandfather Arunathiya alone .  Let's .  Let's .  Let's see then.   I don't get see then.   I don't get see then.   I don't get angry.  [Laughter] angry.  [Laughter] angry.  [Laughter] What did you say?   I don't know What did you say?   I don't know What did you say?   I don't know anything. anything. anything. Comedy comedy. Comedy comedy. Comedy comedy. Yo, is CPR good? Yo, is CPR good? Yo, is CPR good? What is basil? What is basil? Is there a lock that shows what the CBI sees if asked? Is there a lock that shows what the CBI sees if asked? Is there a lock that shows what the CBI sees if asked? Oh, there you are. Oh, there you are. Oh, there you are. Store character lock. Store character lock. Store character lock. The collector did not follow the order and wrote a shop note The collector did not follow the order and wrote a shop note The collector did not follow the order and wrote a shop note Again, the joke A future collector, you are going to break the coconut A future collector, you are going to break the coconut A future collector, you are going to break the coconut Hi, my dear, how are you, Hi, my dear, how are you, Hi, my dear, how are you, Collector, mother, you are from Chennai Collector, mother, you are from Chennai Collector, mother, you are from Chennai Okay, okay, Okay, okay, Okay, okay, uncle, uncle, uncle, what's that, grandma?   I have what's that, grandma?   I have bought everything you need for the Tulsi ritual myself bought everything you need for the Tulsi ritual myself bought everything you need for the Tulsi ritual myself .  PM agreed. .  PM agreed. .  PM agreed. CM, do you agree?   Let's CM, do you agree?   Let's CM, do you agree?   Let's make the ceremony special, Uncle make the ceremony special, Uncle make the ceremony special, Uncle .  Did your brother agree?   The .  Did your brother agree?   The .  Did your brother agree?   The nanny and her daughter had to nanny and her daughter had to nanny and her daughter had to go to the ceremony because they had done so much for them. go to the ceremony because they had done so much for them. go to the ceremony because they had done so much for them. When is the ceremony?   On the When is the ceremony?   On the When is the ceremony?   On the third day, at six o'clock in the evening, third day, at six o'clock in the evening, they will serve dinner.   If the uncle they will serve dinner.   If the uncle insists on holding the wedding of the groom himself after the sister-in-law's ceremony, insists on holding the wedding of the groom himself after the sister-in-law's ceremony, insists on holding the wedding of the groom himself after the sister-in-law's ceremony, he can be beaten. he can be beaten. he can be beaten. Uncle's cough is getting worse and worse Uncle's cough is getting worse and worse Uncle's cough is getting worse and worse .  Boil a glass of tea and blow it out .  Boil a glass of tea and blow it out .  Boil a glass of tea and blow it out . . . Eat and Eat and Eat and put on some old sothu, Papa. put on some old sothu, Papa. put on some old sothu, Papa. Hey Mundrikottai Hey Mundrikottai Hey Mundrikottai Mapila uncle, let's fight to Mapila uncle, let's fight to Mapila uncle, let's fight to make Mangoni the collector and make the sirens in our town come, let's make Mangoni the collector and make the sirens in our town come, let's fight, let's fight, let's make it come, fight, let's fight, let's make it come, fight, let's fight, let's make it come, Mapila, Mapila, Mapila, oh wait, uncle, oh wait, uncle, what if I put my signature here in that green color what if I put my signature here in that green color what if I put my signature here in that green color ?   It will ?   It will ?   It will be green. be green. Uncle, you must be very proud of your family.   Please don't let Uncle, you must be very proud of your family.   Please don't let Uncle, you must be very proud of your family.   Please don't let anyone disturb you, anyone disturb you, anyone disturb you, groom. groom. groom. Whatever is written in your head, that's what Whatever is written in your head, that's what Whatever is written in your head, that's what happens, uncle.  Just think about how well it's happens, uncle.  Just think about how well it's happens, uncle.  Just think about how well it's written in your head.   If you written in your head.   If you written in your head.   If you think about it, the think about it, the think about it, the child has been child has been child has been born in Munthirikottai. Look, I'll go and born in Munthirikottai. Look, I'll go and come back when I'm free. come back when I'm free. come back when I'm free. Mom, Mom, Mom, go and bring your brother and your mother go and bring your brother and your mother go and bring your brother and your mother .  They .  They .  They won't let me have a cup of coffee. What's the matter, brother? Did What's the matter, brother? Did What's the matter, brother? Did you tell me to come? You've you tell me to come? You've you tell me to come? You've brought everyone here, but you're just asking me brought everyone here, but you're just asking me brought everyone here, but you're just asking me what service we're doing here for a security guard. what service we're doing here for a security guard. what service we're doing here for a security guard. It's the road that goes to school, It's the road that goes to school, It's the road that goes to school, ladies, you can't go that way. Not ladies, you can't go that way. Not ladies, you can't go that way. Not only that, but two people on a only that, but two people on a only that, but two people on a bike are supplying food 24 hours a day, from weddings to bike are supplying food 24 hours a day, from weddings to bike are supplying food 24 hours a day, from weddings to weddings.  Is that so? weddings.  Is that so? weddings.  Is that so? 115 quarters are ₹150, that's 115 quarters are ₹150, that's 115 quarters are ₹150, that's eggs, a side dish of chickpeas and eggs, a side dish of chickpeas and eggs, a side dish of chickpeas and other other other things, they are being served hot. They are lying in the assembly, they are not allowed to put it in a things, they are being served hot. They are lying in the assembly, they are not allowed to put it in a bottle like that, they are not allowed to break it. Do you bottle like that, they are not allowed to break it. Do you know how many people come to the doctor? Now, know how many people come to the doctor? Now, know how many people come to the doctor? Now, Mapli, you are very much at enmity with the Mapli, you are very much at enmity with the Mapli, you are very much at enmity with the village, you don't want enmity with anyone, what are village, you don't want enmity with anyone, what are village, you don't want enmity with anyone, what are you doing in politics? Why are you fighting for you doing in politics? Why are you fighting for you doing in politics? Why are you fighting for good? Why do you want to do politics good? Why do you want to do politics good? Why do you want to do politics [music]? We only talk about the problems on the way, we don't talk about the dangers, we only [music]? We only talk about the problems on the way, we don't talk about the dangers, we only ask about the mistakes on the way. ask about the mistakes on the way. Half of the people here are Half of the people here are Half of the people here are reluctant to do good because they are being asked to do good by holding a public meeting and asking if it is a tax on politics. reluctant to do good because they are being asked to do good by holding a public meeting and asking if it is a tax on politics. reluctant to do good because they are being asked to do good by holding a public meeting and asking if it is a tax on politics. What the hell, What the hell, What the hell, look at all the money flying in the sky. look at all the money flying in the sky. look at all the money flying in the sky. Who gets married so that everyone can come and congratulate them?  I'm getting Who gets married so that everyone can come and congratulate them?  I'm getting married because of a relationship.  The groom's uncle's married because of a relationship.  The groom's uncle's married because of a relationship.  The groom's uncle's wedding, wedding, wedding, yes, the wedding, yes, the wedding, yes, the wedding, I'm putting all the vegetables on it, and I'm I'm putting all the vegetables on it, and I'm I'm putting all the vegetables on it, and I'm putting vegetables on the side.   Is putting vegetables on the side.   Is putting vegetables on the side.   Is n't it special? n't it special? n't it special? Why is there no Vishanka Shettam? Hey, sister, are you okay? Hey, sister, are you okay? Hey, sister, are you okay? Oh, are you okay? Oh, are you okay? Oh, are you okay? Are you okay, why are you Are you okay, why are you Are you okay, why are you taking taking taking so long?  There is some work so long?  There is some work so long?  There is some work .  What is that?  He's right here, .  What is that?  He's right here, .  What is that?  He's right here, okay, okay, go inside. Hey, Hey, Hey, mother, uncle, mother, uncle, mother, uncle, are you coming late like this to a wedding at home? are you coming late like this to a wedding at home? are you coming late like this to a wedding at home? That's why you're here, if you That's why you're here, if you That's why you're here, if you come home a little earlier, that's okay, partner. come home a little earlier, that's okay, partner. come home a little earlier, that's okay, partner. What does my coming have to do with your coming What does my coming have to do with your coming What does my coming have to do with your coming ? ? What's the point of having a baby? What's the point of having a baby? What's the point of having a baby? Dad, I'm here, Dad, I'm here, Dad, I'm here, how is this boy? how is this boy? how is this boy? Okay, why? Okay, why? Okay, why? Tulsi said, " Tulsi said, " Tulsi said, " My brother, My brother, My brother, your wife, won't cheat on me. Is your wife, won't cheat on me. Is your wife, won't cheat on me. Is my partner thinking the same thing?" " my partner thinking the same thing?" " my partner thinking the same thing?" " Come on, girl, what are you Come on, girl, what are you Come on, girl, what are you talking about?" "Your father is looking for you. Come on, let's go talking about?" "Your father is looking for you. Come on, let's go together. Don't let him talk. I also want to tie a wedding saree like this I also want to tie a wedding saree like this I also want to tie a wedding saree like this ." ." Partner, can we go and get a nice maroon color one for 10,000 rupees from Kanchipuram?   I just Partner, can we go and get a nice maroon color one for 10,000 rupees from Kanchipuram?   I just Partner, can we go and get a nice maroon color one for 10,000 rupees from Kanchipuram?   I just said I'll pay for the sari.  You feel said I'll pay for the sari.  You feel said I'll pay for the sari.  You feel something.   They something.   They something.   They wear Vej at the wedding, and I wear Vej at the wedding, and I wear Vej at the wedding, and I wear Vevem.  The wedding is happening, and the wedding wear Vevem.  The wedding is happening, and the wedding preparations are also happening.   Let preparations are also happening.   Let preparations are also happening.   Let it happen, let it happen.   I it happen, let it happen.   I think you all are trying to ruin my becoming a collector. think you all are trying to ruin my becoming a collector. think you all are trying to ruin my becoming a collector. So, overall, So, overall, So, overall, you don't want to ruin the little bit of respect the collector has you don't want to ruin the little bit of respect the collector has you don't want to ruin the little bit of respect the collector has ? ? ? Okay, okay. You'll never laugh in real life again. You'll never laugh in real life again. You'll never laugh in real life again. Why is this girl bowing her head like that? Why is this girl bowing her head like that? When I tie the knot, my husband pays the price.   I will When I tie the knot, my husband pays the price.   I will When I tie the knot, my husband pays the price.   I will sit upright like that.   If sit upright like that.   If sit upright like that.   If the Ampalais are ashamed, let them the Ampalais are ashamed, let them the Ampalais are ashamed, let them bow down. bow down. bow down. Yes, partner, sit up straight. Yes, partner, sit up straight. Yes, partner, sit up straight. That's how my grandmother should be. That's how my grandmother should be. That's how my grandmother should be. Hello, I'm not talking to you. Hello, I'm not talking to you. Hello, I'm not talking to you. I said it in general.  I'm not saying it in general. I said it in general.  I'm not saying it in general. I said it in general.  I'm not saying it in general. I told you.  Dappa Pattner. I told you.  Dappa Pattner. I told you.  Dappa Pattner. Wrong partner. Wrong partner. Wrong partner. You have good timing, partner. You have good timing, partner. You have good timing, partner. He's just like that in the timing, He's just like that in the timing, He's just like that in the timing, isn't he your father? isn't he your father? isn't he your father? Hey, green child, if you talk like this in front of me, I'll get Hey, green child, if you talk like this in front of me, I'll get Hey, green child, if you talk like this in front of me, I'll get angry.   If angry.   If angry.   If he talks to the child, he scolds him.  Shall we he talks to the child, he scolds him.  Shall we he talks to the child, he scolds him.  Shall we talk to one of our children?   They are talk to one of our children?   They are talk to one of our children?   They are going very fast, and the going very fast, and the going very fast, and the colorful flowers are coming, and Prasant is whistling alone colorful flowers are coming, and Prasant is whistling alone colorful flowers are coming, and Prasant is whistling alone .  What kind of groom? .  What kind of groom? .  What kind of groom? Why not invite me to a wedding?   Don't worry Why not invite me to a wedding?   Don't worry Why not invite me to a wedding?   Don't worry . . . Okay, let that be all.  Why have I been Okay, let that be all.  Why have I been Okay, let that be all.  Why have I been walking alone?   I am walking alone?   I am walking alone?   I am going abroad. going abroad. going abroad. Sir, I have ruined my legal career Sir, I have ruined my legal career Sir, I have ruined my legal career .  Don't ruin a girl's life .  Don't ruin a girl's life .  Don't ruin a girl's life .  Please .  Please .  Please leave for abroad. leave for abroad. leave for abroad. Hey, this is why you're not invited to the wedding Hey, this is why you're not invited to the wedding Hey, this is why you're not invited to the wedding .   I .   I .   I know you won't call.   I know you won't call.   I know you won't call.   I came back to the door after hearing the noise and came back to the door after hearing the noise and came back to the door after hearing the noise and ate my meal.  Even the food ate my meal.  Even the food ate my meal.  Even the food was as bland as yours. was as bland as yours. was as bland as yours. Hey, look, he's going to roll around with his mouth wide open Hey, look, he's going to roll around with his mouth wide open Hey, look, he's going to roll around with his mouth wide open .   The .   The .   The only crying at the wedding was that of these people crying, and only crying at the wedding was that of these people crying, and even if they had children to cry with, they even if they had children to cry with, they even if they had children to cry with, they wouldn't have cried so much.  Full of sentimental scenes wouldn't have cried so much.  Full of sentimental scenes wouldn't have cried so much.  Full of sentimental scenes . . . We're the ones who are ruining the whole town We're the ones who are ruining the whole town We're the ones who are ruining the whole town .  They were planning a wedding, .  They were planning a wedding, .  They were planning a wedding, packed a van, and headed to Rameswaram packed a van, and headed to Rameswaram packed a van, and headed to Rameswaram . . . Yes, if they tease you, they will Yes, if they tease you, they will Yes, if they tease you, they will scold you.  Dad, go to your house scold you.  Dad, go to your house scold you.  Dad, go to your house . What's the point of scolding him? What's the point of scolding him? Did you marry your sister to tie her up? Or did you marry us too for our Did you marry your sister to tie her up? Or did you marry us too for our Did you marry your sister to tie her up? Or did you marry us too for our parents' plan? parents' plan? parents' plan? Yes, I Yes, I Yes, I can't come to the wedding. I can't even call and say can't come to the wedding. I can't even call and say can't come to the wedding. I can't even call and say goodbye and congratulate you. goodbye and congratulate you. goodbye and congratulate you. Oh, Oh, Oh, that's all your love. I don't think about it at all. I thought it was love, that's all your love. I don't think about it at all. I thought it was love, but I but I thought you wouldn't talk to me. thought you wouldn't talk to me. I also thought that you shouldn't even talk in this life. I also thought that you shouldn't even talk in this life. I also thought that you shouldn't even talk in this life. But what are you doing? But what are you doing? But what are you doing? Love is a disgrace to those who have bad reputations. Love is a disgrace to those who have bad reputations. Love is a disgrace to those who have bad reputations. Hey, what's on your mind Hey, what's on your mind Hey, what's on your mind ?   I've been ?   I've been ?   I've been thinking about you.   If thinking about you.   If thinking about you.   If you had them, you had them, you had them, how much would I have? how much would I have? Ask your father how much he has coughed. Ask your father how much he has coughed. Ask your father how much he has coughed. Who do you think our father is? Who do you think our father is? Who do you think our father is? He is my father-in-law. He is my father-in-law. Who is our mother and our aunt then? Who is our mother and our aunt then? Who is our mother and our aunt then? My mother has done everything for My mother has done everything for My mother has done everything for you.  Blackcurrants, milk, you.  Blackcurrants, milk, you.  Blackcurrants, milk, and a four-pound and a four-pound and a four-pound country chicken.   What's up, we're having a country chicken.   What's up, we're having a country chicken.   What's up, we're having a party for my sister party for my sister party for my sister .  We all buy and return the goods and .  We all buy and return the goods and .  We all buy and return the goods and leave. leave. leave. No way, No way, do you know how our father raised us?   A do you know how our father raised us?   A partner who has never lived and seen. partner who has never lived and seen. partner who has never lived and seen. Hey now [music] I'm Hey now [music] I'm Hey now [music] I'm so happy you called me, you know? so happy you called me, you know? so happy you called me, you know? We were happy then too. We were happy then too. We were happy then too. Tell him that PK is happy too. Tell him that PK is happy too. Is the big Kenyan named PK also there?  [Laughter] Is the big Kenyan named PK also there?  [Laughter] Is the big Kenyan named PK also there?  [Laughter] How come How come How come no one in Asia can laugh as bad as him? no one in Asia can laugh as bad as him? no one in Asia can laugh as bad as him? [Laughter] I'm not sleeping, Grandpa. not sleeping, Grandpa. not sleeping, Grandpa. How can I sleep? When you talk like this, I don't scold you How can I sleep? When you talk like this, I don't scold you How can I sleep? When you talk like this, I don't scold you like I used to. like I used to. like I used to. That's maturity, a well-read kid. That's maturity, a well-read kid. That's maturity, a well-read kid. All these are not qualifications to become a collector All these are not qualifications to become a collector All these are not qualifications to become a collector .  No one can make you happy like your own .  No one can make you happy like your own .  No one can make you happy like your own .  No .  No .  No one can make you suffer like your own one can make you suffer like your own one can make you suffer like your own . . . Hey, why don't you go and feed your relatives Hey, why don't you go and feed your relatives Hey, why don't you go and feed your relatives ? ? ? Grandpa, we'll Grandpa, we'll throw a proper feast for our sister-in-law and the groom tomorrow. throw a proper feast for our sister-in-law and the groom tomorrow. throw a proper feast for our sister-in-law and the groom tomorrow. Songwriter, brother. Songwriter, brother. Songwriter, brother. Hey, is there something wrong with Tulsi's house Hey, is there something wrong with Tulsi's house Hey, is there something wrong with Tulsi's house ?  Did her husband ?  Did her husband ?  Did her husband beat her?   If beat her?   If beat her?   If you hit me, I'll you hit me, I'll you hit me, I'll go to the Panchayat. go to the Panchayat. go to the Panchayat. Then I'll go all out.  Oh my dear, Then I'll go all out.  Oh my dear, [Music] Don't just come here and lay your hands on my sister today [Music] Don't just come here and lay your hands on my sister today [Music] Don't just come here and lay your hands on my sister today .  Why was I having a .  Why was I having a .  Why was I having a hard time?  It will be hard time?  It will be hard time?  It will be difficult for us to leave you.  Don't climb. difficult for us to leave you.  Don't climb. difficult for us to leave you.  Don't climb. Good afternoon. Hey, Ainara, your grandmother went and Hey, Ainara, your grandmother went and Hey, Ainara, your grandmother went and brought your brother back. Come on, brother, I'm here. Come on, brother, I'm here. How could you let Tulsiya go home when there was a big house in that house How could you let Tulsiya go home when there was a big house in that house How could you let Tulsiya go home when there was a big house in that house ? ? ? Tulsi went inside the house and drove to Kochi. Tulsi went inside the house and drove to Kochi. Tulsi went inside the house and drove to Kochi. This must be the last time she comes to our house This must be the last time she comes to our house This must be the last time she comes to our house . . . Hey, man, pull that thing and lock it. Hey, man, pull that thing and lock it. Hey, man, pull that thing and lock it. Where is the interview? Where is the interview? Where is the interview? Where did the gifts come from?  Tulsi should not Where did the gifts come from?  Tulsi should not come to my mother's house even if she is a coach.   It is come to my mother's house even if she is a coach.   It is come to my mother's house even if she is a coach.   It is important important important not to sing the Purana of the house you entered.  Our mother is like this, not to sing the Purana of the house you entered.  Our mother is like this, not to sing the Purana of the house you entered.  Our mother is like this, our brother is like that.   If he had our brother is like that.   If he had our brother is like that.   If he had brought a stick to beat me, I would have taught him a brought a stick to beat me, I would have taught him a brought a stick to beat me, I would have taught him a lesson.   If we lesson.   If we lesson.   If we sit down and talk clearly, sit down and talk clearly, sit down and talk clearly, there is no problem that cannot be solved here.  Why do there is no problem that cannot be solved here.  Why do there is no problem that cannot be solved here.  Why do n't we just sit and talk?  Okay, uncle. n't we just sit and talk?  Okay, uncle. n't we just sit and talk?  Okay, uncle. Okay, Okay, Okay, brother, come on, brother.  No, that's okay, brother, come on, brother.  No, that's okay, brother, come on, brother.  No, that's okay, sometimes life is sometimes life is sometimes life is much easier than expected much easier than expected much easier than expected .  Sometimes it's .  Sometimes it's .  Sometimes it's better than expected.  Even if it's a little bit okay, better than expected.  Even if it's a little bit okay, better than expected.  Even if it's a little bit okay, it will all be okay one day it will all be okay one day it will all be okay one day .  This [music] is .  This [music] is .  This [music] is not just for girls, it's for boys too.   If he not just for girls, it's for boys too.   If he not just for girls, it's for boys too.   If he puts on a coat, he will look just puts on a coat, he will look just puts on a coat, he will look just like Gopinath. like Gopinath. Please forgive Tulsi, the groom, if I said anything wrong.  Don't do anything your uncle wants Please forgive Tulsi, the groom, if I said anything wrong.  Don't do anything your uncle wants Please forgive Tulsi, the groom, if I said anything wrong.  Don't do anything your uncle wants . . . You made the action [music] emotional. You made the action [music] emotional. You made the action [music] emotional. He is a big guy, don't hide the rope, He is a big guy, don't hide the rope, He is a big guy, don't hide the rope, you don't have a son, think of him as you don't have a son, think of him as you don't have a son, think of him as your daughter. Oh, I'm not coming, I'm not coming, uncle, Oh, I'm not coming, I'm not coming, uncle, Oh, I'm not coming, I'm not coming, uncle, what's the point? what's the point? what's the point? Hey, driver, don't shoot the car, don't shoot the machine, partner, Hey, driver, don't shoot the car, don't shoot the machine, partner, Hey, driver, don't shoot the car, don't shoot the machine, partner, where there is no partner, wo n't I become a collector for life? n't I become a collector for life? n't I become a collector for life? Alas!  Why are you throwing away such a big lump? Alas!  Why are you throwing away such a big lump? Alas!  Why are you throwing away such a big lump? What will happen to my husband then?   You, What will happen to my husband then?   You, What will happen to my husband then?   You, Koppan, are the ones who said this. Koppan, are the ones who said this. Koppan, are the ones who said this. Which one?  Who threw all this stuff away? Which one?  Who threw all this stuff away? Which one?  Who threw all this stuff away? Your person is the king.   Is Your person is the king.   Is Your person is the king.   Is this the line?  Please this the line?  Please this the line?  Please stay on the line for a minute.  Not saying anything. stay on the line for a minute.  Not saying anything. stay on the line for a minute.  Not saying anything. Oh Oh Oh Tulsi, Tulsi, Tulsi, she's the one you're going to tie [music].   Have she's the one you're going to tie [music].   Have you said everything within that?  That's a guy, hey what you said everything within that?  That's a guy, hey what you said everything within that?  That's a guy, hey what [music] nonsense, I'll [music] nonsense, I'll [music] nonsense, I'll hold his mouth and tear it open. hold his mouth and tear it open. hold his mouth and tear it open. Oh, does she live nearby?  Hey, if Oh, does she live nearby?  Hey, if Oh, does she live nearby?  Hey, if I thought about it, I would make whatever you thought I thought about it, I would make whatever you thought I thought about it, I would make whatever you thought happen.  Is it happen.  Is it happen.  Is it Alappuzha?  I'll play [music] later Alappuzha?  I'll play [music] later Alappuzha?  I'll play [music] later .  Tell me now, did you say that I will .  Tell me now, did you say that I will .  Tell me now, did you say that I will never become a collector never become a collector never become a collector ?  Say yes or no. ?  Say yes or no. ?  Say yes or no. No, when did I tell Tulsi that?   You No, when did I tell Tulsi that?   You No, when did I tell Tulsi that?   You said it yourself, there said it yourself, there said it yourself, there was even a giant nearby.  It's quiet.  It was the was even a giant nearby.  It's quiet.  It was the was even a giant nearby.  It's quiet.  It was the Almighty who said it.  He Almighty who said it.  He Almighty who said it.  He said it wouldn't even be a compound in the collectorate. said it wouldn't even be a compound in the collectorate. said it wouldn't even be a compound in the collectorate. Wait, hello, Collector, hello, Collector, hello, Collector, when are you going to do that green signature? when are you going to do that green signature? when are you going to do that green signature? You were the one who said I wouldn't become a collector You were the one who said I wouldn't become a collector You were the one who said I wouldn't become a collector . . . Oh my, when did I say that? Oh my, when did I say that? Oh my, when did I say that? You said it yourself. You said it yourself. You said it yourself. You can become a collector, but I can build a stone You can become a collector, but I can build a stone You can become a collector, but I can build a stone . . . I said it out of emotion, brother. I said it out of emotion, brother. I said it out of emotion, brother. Brother, when did I tell Brother, when did I tell Brother, when did I tell you to stay by my side?  Maybe you to stay by my side?  Maybe you to stay by my side?  Maybe Tulsi said, " Tulsi said, " Tulsi said, " Brother Devuda, Brother Devuda, Brother Devuda, you're the only one who's been listening to the phone, you're the only one who's been listening to the phone, you're the only one who's been listening to the phone, who else can say?" who else can say?" who else can say?" First, tell me who is on the line right now First, tell me who is on the line right now First, tell me who is on the line right now .  [Music] I'll tell you .  [Music] I'll tell you .  [Music] I'll tell you who said it later. who said it later. who said it later. Anyone can say whatever they want.   If Anyone can say whatever they want.   If Anyone can say whatever they want.   If you say so yourself, how can you you say so yourself, how can you act like this, even with your good partner, Savitri?   Did act like this, even with your good partner, Savitri?   Did act like this, even with your good partner, Savitri?   Did you fail the exam?  You hid it from me you fail the exam?  You hid it from me you fail the exam?  You hid it from me .  I told Tulasi in that meeting .  I told Tulasi in that meeting .  I told Tulasi in that meeting .  Would .  Would .  Would I have told you if I had known it would be like this?   I don't know what level I have told you if I had known it would be like this?   I don't know what level I have told you if I had known it would be like this?   I don't know what level your actions are at your actions are at your actions are at .  Shut .  Shut .  Shut up and go outside. up and go outside. up and go outside. Hey Hey Hey partner, do you know I partner, do you know I partner, do you know I saved [music] as Mango IAS saved [music] as Mango IAS saved [music] as Mango IAS ? ? ? So, brother, So, brother, So, brother, you should always give importance to me you should always give importance to me you should always give importance to me . . . Hello, hello, we are all online. Hello, hello, we are all online. Hello, hello, we are all online. Why do you keep quiet about family problems Why do you keep quiet about family problems Why do you keep quiet about family problems ? ? ? Okay, I'm gone. Okay, I'm gone. Okay, I'm gone. This is all a joke. This is all a joke. This is all a joke. That's some cross dog. That's some cross dog. That's some cross dog. Where are you now?  [Music] I Where are you now?  [Music] I Where are you now?  [Music] I trust in the place where I pour the milk trust in the place where I pour the milk trust in the place where I pour the milk .   Let me .   Let me .   Let me talk, talk, talk, okay, I'm gone, okay, I'm gone, okay, I'm gone, brother.