So guys, finally, all four brothers are ready. So guys, finally, all four brothers are ready. So guys, finally, all four brothers are ready. I am made yellow.  And look in my hand, I have I am made yellow.  And look in my hand, I have I am made yellow.  And look in my hand, I have taken this also.  To cut this, taken this also.  To cut this, taken this also.  To cut this, whoever needs to be cut will be cut with this.  And whoever needs to be cut will be cut with this.  And whoever needs to be cut will be cut with this.  And here is Sahil who is made green.  and here is Sahil who is made green.  and here is Sahil who is made green.  and Kunalli Red. Kunalli Red. Kunalli Red. Six. Six. Six. very nice.  One two. very nice.  One two. very nice.  One two. Six again Papa ji, six again.   No. No. Six again Papa ji, six again.   No. No. One One One again six. again six. again six. Brother, Piyush also wants three and Sahil Brother, Piyush also wants three and Sahil Brother, Piyush also wants three and Sahil also wants three. also wants three. also wants three. Hey guys, good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys, good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys, good morning.  Welcome to my new vlog.  So guys, in today's video we are going to vlog.  So guys, in today's video we are going to vlog.  So guys, in today's video we are going to play such a big Ludo.  Guys, play such a big Ludo.  Guys, play such a big Ludo.  Guys, you must know that we you must know that we you must know that we also played a very big game of Saasadi.  So guys today we are going to play also played a very big game of Saasadi.  So guys today we are going to play also played a very big game of Saasadi.  So guys today we are going to play Ludo this big.   Guys, it's going to be a Ludo this big.   Guys, it's going to be a Ludo this big.   Guys, it's going to be a lot of fun playing this. lot of fun playing this. lot of fun playing this. And where is Sahil Lada? And where is Sahil Lada? And where is Sahil Lada? He has He has He has not yet woken up.  I am sleeping, friend. not yet woken up.  I am sleeping, friend. not yet woken up.  I am sleeping, friend. This is the biggest task. This is the biggest task. This is the biggest task. What? What? What? That both of them have to be picked up.  Without those two, the That both of them have to be picked up.  Without those two, the That both of them have to be picked up.  Without those two, the game wouldn't be the same.  Yes guys, four of us will game wouldn't be the same.  Yes guys, four of us will game wouldn't be the same.  Yes guys, four of us will play, we four brothers.  And we will choose each color one by one. play, we four brothers.  And we will choose each color one by one. play, we four brothers.  And we will choose each color one by one. But for that one must have four brothers.   Should be. But for that one must have four brothers.   Should be. Where are the two brothers? Where are the two brothers? Where are the two brothers? Two of them must be sleeping. Two of them must be sleeping. Two of them must be sleeping. Let's pick them up first then.  Guys, we have made the Let's pick them up first then.  Guys, we have made the Let's pick them up first then.  Guys, we have made the setup ready.  Look here, setup ready.  Look here, setup ready.  Look here, Ludo has also been played.  I have also brought big dice here. Ludo has also been played.  I have also brought big dice here. Ludo has also been played.  I have also brought big dice here. And carpet has been laid here. And carpet has been laid here. And carpet has been laid here. So we will throw away the carpet.   Throw it. So we will throw away the carpet.   Throw it. So we will throw away the carpet.   Throw it. This is how it has to be thrown.  Like four has just arrived. This is how it has to be thrown.  Like four has just arrived. This is how it has to be thrown.  Like four has just arrived. Four?  Like this, six can come, two can come Four?  Like this, six can come, two can come Four?  Like this, six can come, two can come , one can come, anything can come, , one can come, anything can come, , one can come, anything can come, guys.   Let us go. guys.   Let us go. guys.   Let us go. So guys, look from above how cool Ludo looks. So guys, look from above how cool Ludo looks. Yes friend, look how big Ludo is in the living room Yes friend, look how big Ludo is in the living room Yes friend, look how big Ludo is in the living room brother.  It will be fun to play.  Let's brother.  It will be fun to play.  Let's brother.  It will be fun to play.  Let's pick them both up then.   Let's pick them both up then.   Let's pick them both up then.   Let's first pick up Sahil and see. Hi Lada.   Get up. Hi Lada.   Get up. Hi Lada.   Get up. We are playing Ludo.  A very We are playing Ludo.  A very We are playing Ludo.  A very big one. When will you open it, it When will you open it, it When will you open it, it seems it is not coming at all, seems it is not coming at all, what should I do, what should I do, what should I do, you play, I you play, I you play, I play in his place, play in his place, play in his place, I am already playing, I am already playing, I am already playing, respect, get up, we have to play a game, Ludo, a very big one, Kunal, come on, you keep hanging till Piu opens it, Kunal, come on, you keep hanging till Piu opens it, Kunal, come on, you keep hanging till Piu opens it, keep hanging till Pizza opens it, okay.   Let's see whether I am able to keep hanging till Pizza opens it, okay.   Let's see whether I am able to keep hanging till Pizza opens it, okay.   Let's see whether I am able to complete the task or not.  Do complete the task or not.  Do complete the task or not.  Do n't come down until he opens it.   Let's see. n't come down until he opens it.   Let's see. Hey, come quickly.   Do Hey, come quickly.   Do Hey, come quickly.   Do n't come down, you will lose. n't come down, you will lose. n't come down, you will lose. What happened?  Will I get anything?   Are What happened?  Will I get anything?   Are What happened?  Will I get anything?   Are ?   Will you ?   Will you ?   Will you get anything for winning? get anything for winning? get anything for winning? Yes, yes. Yes, yes. Yes, yes. What? What? What? Your favorite thing. Your favorite thing. Your favorite thing. In the feet.   Stay In the feet.   Stay In the feet.   Stay stuck, stay stuck. stuck, stay stuck. stuck, stay stuck. Hey, your legs have become crooked.   Stay Hey, your legs have become crooked.   Stay Hey, your legs have become crooked.   Stay stuck, stay stuck.  Otherwise, you will lose.   Get stuck, stay stuck.  Otherwise, you will lose.   Get stuck, stay stuck.  Otherwise, you will lose.   Get stuck, you will lose.  Press the feet. stuck, you will lose.  Press the feet. stuck, you will lose.  Press the feet. Press your feet and hands immediately. Press your feet and hands immediately. Press your feet and hands immediately. I have suppressed it completely, yet it is still coming. I have suppressed it completely, yet it is still coming. I have suppressed it completely, yet it is still coming. Brother Piyush is not opening it. Brother Piyush is not opening it. Brother Piyush is not opening it. [ __ ] brother [ __ ] brother [ __ ] brother lost.  We both can play but it is lost.  We both can play but it is lost.  We both can play but it is not a game for two people. not a game for two people. not a game for two people. Can you play? Can you play? Can you play? Only two people can play? Only two people can play? Only two people can play? Easley. Easley. Easley. Now see.  You people say go out with the family. Now see.  You people say go out with the family. Now see.  You people say go out with the family. How do you go for a trip, brother?  Two people remain How do you go for a trip, brother?  Two people remain How do you go for a trip, brother?  Two people remain sleeping peacefully.  And Kunali does sleeping peacefully.  And Kunali does sleeping peacefully.  And Kunali does n't like to go out like that.  So I will not go alone. n't like to go out like that.  So I will not go alone. Go with.  Guy is Go with.  Guy is Go with.  Guy is n't opening either door.  neither.  We n't opening either door.  neither.  We n't opening either door.  neither.  We tried very hard.  And guys, it is not that the tried very hard.  And guys, it is not that the tried very hard.  And guys, it is not that the time is very early.  I'll show you the time.  It's about to be time is very early.  I'll show you the time.  It's about to be time is very early.  I'll show you the time.  It's about to be 12:00.  Look, it's 11:54. 12:00.  Look, it's 11:54. 12:00.  Look, it's 11:54. So you are not getting up yet, friend. So you are not getting up yet, friend. So you are not getting up yet, friend. What should we do with them? What should we do with them? What should we do with them? Guys, now we will have to wait for Sahil and Guys, now we will have to wait for Sahil and Guys, now we will have to wait for Sahil and Piyush.  Whenever he wakes up after 1, 2, 3 hours, only then will Piyush.  Whenever he wakes up after 1, 2, 3 hours, only then will Piyush.  Whenever he wakes up after 1, 2, 3 hours, only then will we continue the game.  So we continue the game.  So we continue the game.  So let me show you today let me show you today let me show you today what is our struggle in planning something.  I have to what is our struggle in planning something.  I have to what is our struggle in planning something.  I have to pick them up. pick them up. pick them up. They have to face the main struggle.  They have to be brought down.  Kunal, They have to face the main struggle.  They have to be brought down.  Kunal, They have to face the main struggle.  They have to be brought down.  Kunal, when you grow up, will you also remain asleep when you grow up, will you also remain asleep when you grow up, will you also remain asleep or will you wake up?   Get up. or will you wake up?   Get up. Sure, let's see.   So Sure, let's see.   So Sure, let's see.   So I just get up.   Let's see.  Let us go.   I still get up. I just get up.   Let's see.  Let us go.   I still get up. See, See, See, earlier Piyush also used to get up.  Guys, it's been earlier Piyush also used to get up.  Guys, it's been earlier Piyush also used to get up.  Guys, it's been an hour since we've been waiting. an hour since we've been waiting. an hour since we've been waiting. Neither of them has come yet brother. Neither of them has come yet brother. Neither of them has come yet brother. Because Piyush was saying that I am coming. Because Piyush was saying that I am coming. Because Piyush was saying that I am coming. But Avantika has come here But Avantika has come here But Avantika has come here ready.  Come on, there are three of us now. ready.  Come on, there are three of us now. ready.  Come on, there are three of us now. Kunali one who can come along? Kunali one who can come along? Kunali one who can come along? Elder father came in Rupa's vest. Elder father came in Rupa's vest. Elder father came in Rupa's vest. What to play?  Ludo. What to play?  Ludo. What to play?  Ludo. Will you play? Will you play? Will you play? Yes. Yes. Yes. Kunali it's 2:00.  It's been 2 hours.   I am Kunali it's 2:00.  It's been 2 hours.   I am Kunali it's 2:00.  It's been 2 hours.   I am sleeping for 2 hours brother. sleeping for 2 hours brother. sleeping for 2 hours brother. Hey, go upstairs, I am calling him, son. Hey, go upstairs, I am calling him, son. Hey, go upstairs, I am calling him, son. Knocking on the door, both of them will not get any money. Knocking on the door, both of them will not get any money. Knocking on the door, both of them will not get any money. We have done everything.  So let's have lunch for now We have done everything.  So let's have lunch for now We have done everything.  So let's have lunch for now brother.  The food is ready.  Kunalli has brother.  The food is ready.  Kunalli has brother.  The food is ready.  Kunalli has made chole.  Will you eat chickpeas? made chole.  Will you eat chickpeas? made chole.  Will you eat chickpeas? So guys, I am ready to So guys, I am ready to So guys, I am ready to wear red.  Who is on my team?  Finally wear red.  Who is on my team?  Finally wear red.  Who is on my team?  Finally Sahil has come after calling for 2 hours.  Well, at least Sahil has come after calling for 2 hours.  Well, at least Sahil has come after calling for 2 hours.  Well, at least Sahil has come.  Now what time will Piyush come, Sahil has come.  Now what time will Piyush come, Sahil has come.  Now what time will Piyush come, guys?  The food is ready.  Let me do one thing, I will guys?  The food is ready.  Let me do one thing, I will guys?  The food is ready.  Let me do one thing, I will pour water completely into Piyush's mouth. pour water completely into Piyush's mouth. pour water completely into Piyush's mouth. No, it does No, it does No, it does n't mean that he has grown up.  Ok.   I n't mean that he has grown up.  Ok.   I n't mean that he has grown up.  Ok.   I pour a whole bucket of water into it. pour a whole bucket of water into it. pour a whole bucket of water into it. Do we do it?  Who knows what he is doing Do we do it?  Who knows what he is doing Do we do it?  Who knows what he is doing here? here? here? So guys, finally I am also ready. So guys, finally I am also ready. So guys, finally I am also ready. Today I have become yellow because yellow is Today I have become yellow because yellow is Today I have become yellow because yellow is our colour. our colour. our colour. [laughs] Let's [laughs] Let's [laughs] Let's dance too. dance too. dance too. This is it This is it friend, I should also wear my lehenga.  You should have told me also. friend, I should also wear my lehenga.  You should have told me also. So guys Avantika and I are choosing yellow colour. So guys Avantika and I are choosing yellow colour. So guys Avantika and I are choosing yellow colour. So we are both on the same team.  And So we are both on the same team.  And So we are both on the same team.  And the rest of Kunalika is red in colour, so it remains red. the rest of Kunalika is red in colour, so it remains red. the rest of Kunalika is red in colour, so it remains red. Look, the whole place is red. Look, the whole place is red. Look, the whole place is red. And Piyush is coming so Piyush will choose blue. And Piyush is coming so Piyush will choose blue. And Piyush is coming so Piyush will choose blue. We are forming teams of two. We are forming teams of two. We are forming teams of two. One will throw the dice and one will play. One will throw the dice and one will play. One will throw the dice and one will play. For example, suppose I am here, then a person will For example, suppose I am here, then a person will For example, suppose I am here, then a person will throw the dice.  So it's going to be fun.  You will enjoy it throw the dice.  So it's going to be fun.  You will enjoy it throw the dice.  So it's going to be fun.  You will enjoy it brother.  Let's see who will win today's game. brother.  Let's see who will win today's game. brother.  Let's see who will win today's game. Yes, you can do it like this also.  Hey, what do you say Yes, you can do it like this also.  Hey, what do you say Yes, you can do it like this also.  Hey, what do you say ?   Hey ya. ?   Hey ya. ?   Hey ya. What is he doing?  Are you mad What is he doing?  Are you mad What is he doing?  Are you mad ?   This is ?   This is ?   This is my T-shirt, take it off. my T-shirt, take it off. my T-shirt, take it off. What?   I What?   I What?   I know it. know it. know it. So we also have weapons to cut guys. So we also have weapons to cut guys. So we also have weapons to cut guys. Look, we will use this when we have to cut. Look, we will use this when we have to cut. Look, we will use this when we have to cut. Look at this.  Kunali has this. Look at this.  Kunali has this. Look at this.  Kunali has this. I have this. I have this. I have this. What else will have to be cut? What else will have to be cut? What else will have to be cut? Hey, if we have to bite each other, we will Hey, if we have to bite each other, we will Hey, if we have to bite each other, we will bite with this.   I will bite with this.   I will bite with this.   I will hit you straight away. hit you straight away. hit you straight away. No, no, I will cut it with this.  So guys, finally all No, no, I will cut it with this.  So guys, finally all No, no, I will cut it with this.  So guys, finally all four brothers are ready.  I am made yellow. four brothers are ready.  I am made yellow. four brothers are ready.  I am made yellow. And look, I have this in my hand too. And look, I have this in my hand too. And look, I have this in my hand too. To cut this, whoever needs to be cut, they will To cut this, whoever needs to be cut, they will To cut this, whoever needs to be cut, they will cut it with this.  And here is Sahil who is green cut it with this.  And here is Sahil who is green cut it with this.  And here is Sahil who is green and Kunal is red and finally Piyush has also and Kunal is red and finally Piyush has also and Kunal is red and finally Piyush has also come who is blue.  Look at this.  So let's come who is blue.  Look at this.  So let's come who is blue.  Look at this.  So let's see today who will win this Ludo game.  And there are see today who will win this Ludo game.  And there are see today who will win this Ludo game.  And there are four people here to roll our dice.  The four people here to roll our dice.  The four people here to roll our dice.  The big one is Blue which is on Piyush's side. big one is Blue which is on Piyush's side. big one is Blue which is on Piyush's side. Avantika is yellow which is on my side. Avantika is yellow which is on my side. Avantika is yellow which is on my side. And aunty is on Sahil's side. And aunty is on Sahil's side. And aunty is on Sahil's side. Green and Badi Mummy are on Kunali's side. Green and Badi Mummy are on Kunali's side. Green and Badi Mummy are on Kunali's side. So everyone will roll the dice from our side. So everyone will roll the dice from our side. So everyone will roll the dice from our side. We ourselves will not throw it away.  We will be here in the game, right?  So that's why We ourselves will not throw it away.  We will be here in the game, right?  So that's why we have hired our family members to throw the dice.  So let's we have hired our family members to throw the dice.  So let's we have hired our family members to throw the dice.  So let's go and if we get out then tell me he will go and if we get out then tell me he will go and if we get out then tell me he will come. come. come. And yes, if I get out then And yes, if I get out then And yes, if I get out then Avantika will come in my place and let's see Avantika will come in my place and let's see Avantika will come in my place and let's see who reaches here first.  Whoever reaches here first will who reaches here first.  Whoever reaches here first will who reaches here first.  Whoever reaches here first will win.  The first thing to win.  The first thing to win.  The first thing to get here is Guys.  So let's see, let's start the game.  Come on, come. get here is Guys.  So let's see, let's start the game.  Come on, come. So let's start.  Ok? GUYS [applauds] Finally I'm open. GUYS [applauds] Finally I'm open. GUYS [applauds] Finally I'm open. I will go here now. I will go here now. I will go here now. So no game. So no game. So no game. No, no, play.  Let's go to Bade Aaba's turn. No, no, play.  Let's go to Bade Aaba's turn. No, no, play.  Let's go to Bade Aaba's turn. Big father.   Oh no no, I have to take you around completely brother.   If completely brother.   If completely brother.   If this happens, you can cheat on anything. this happens, you can cheat on anything. this happens, you can cheat on anything. Four did not open. Four did not open. Four did not open. Aunt's turn. Aunt's turn. Aunt's turn. Kunali?  It's elder mother's turn, brother. Kunali?  It's elder mother's turn, brother. Kunali?  It's elder mother's turn, brother. Kunali's turn.  Throw the big mummy. Kunali's turn.  Throw the big mummy. Kunali's turn.  Throw the big mummy. Hey, throw it from here.  Wait, you take it. Hey, throw it from here.  Wait, you take it. Hey, throw it from here.  Wait, you take it. Throw it from here. Throw it from here. Throw it from here. Yes.  Four yes not open let's go Yes.  Four yes not open let's go Yes.  Four yes not open let's go one or six I do one or six I do one or six I do n't have to see two n't have to see two n't have to see two two two two brother don't do any cheating don't give it after seeing yes let's go brother don't do any cheating don't give it after seeing yes let's go straight straight straight two two two so I am going one two I am going in front of everyone till now so I am going one two I am going in front of everyone till now so I am going one two I am going in front of everyone till now so let's go so let's go so let's go three three three I will stay here I will stay here I I will stay here I will stay here I I will stay here I will stay here I these are not opening yet the beans are coming.  The beans opened. opened. opened. Well, the other Well, the other Well, the other shore has opened up. shore has opened up. shore has opened up. Come on brother, Come on brother, Come on brother, three, three, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, one, two, three, Sahil has arrived. Three three Three three Three three one two three one two three one two three three [laughs] three [laughs] three [laughs] brother brother brother brother brother brother Piyush is not opening at all brother. Piyush is not opening at all brother. Piyush is not opening at all brother. Yes, which did not open Yes, which did not open Yes, which did not open three three three three three three both are coming quiet our. both are coming quiet our. both are coming quiet our. Come on Come on Come on four four four four four four one two three four three three one two three four three three one two three four three three one two three this star is one two three this star is one two three this star is safe you safe you safe you what is this star? what is this star? I am safe, safe, safe here.  Ok let's go. I am safe, safe, safe here.  Ok let's go. I am safe, safe, safe here.  Ok let's go. Why this? Why this? Why this? Hey friend, poor Piyush will be sitting there, Hey friend, poor Piyush will be sitting there, Hey friend, poor Piyush will be sitting there, guys.  Look, I am guys.  Look, I am guys.  Look, I am not able to eat Vadaapa brother.   He not able to eat Vadaapa brother.   He will sit there for four drains, he is already sitting there. will sit there for four drains, he is already sitting there. will sit there for four drains, he is already sitting there. Aunty Aunty Aunty strategies fake vadapa. strategies fake vadapa. strategies fake vadapa. Let's throw auntie throw auntie. Six o Six o Six o one two three four five six.  Oh brother. one two three four five six.  Oh brother. one two three four five six.  Oh brother. Leave it, cut it.  You will enjoy it.  You are talking too much. Leave it, cut it.  You will enjoy it.  You are talking too much. Okay cutting. Okay cutting. Okay cutting. Oh brother. Oh brother. Oh brother. Three one two three Three one two three Three one two three one two one two one two brother can you cut me Sahil brother can you cut me Sahil brother can you cut me Sahil five five five one two three four five are you one two three four five are you one two three four five are you safe again safe again safe again guys five and brother how are you at the same place guys we and brother how are you at the same place guys we and brother how are you at the same place guys we both will both will not be cut at the same place here not be cut at the same place here not be cut at the same place here this entry button has this entry button has this entry button has opened one more turn one more turn one more turn opened one more turn one more turn one more turn opened one more turn one more turn one more turn guys Kunali has also opened.   There will guys Kunali has also opened.   There will guys Kunali has also opened.   There will be another turn. be another turn. be another turn. Five Five Five one two three four five. one two three four five. one two three four five. Hey, Hey, Hey, finally my stone has also been opened. finally my stone has also been opened. finally my stone has also been opened. Finally. Finally. Finally. Now you know Now you know Now you know anyone can get cut, brother. anyone can get cut, brother. anyone can get cut, brother. Yes. Yes. Yes. Now let's see some danger, Now let's see some danger, Now let's see some danger, who will be cut first brother.  Let us go. who will be cut first brother.  Let us go. who will be cut first brother.  Let us go. Sahil's turn. Sahil's turn. Sahil's turn. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. So now let's go, I will come from behind.  Let us go. So now let's go, I will come from behind.  Let us go. So now let's go, I will come from behind.  Let us go. Four. Four. Four. One, two, three, four One, two, three, four One, two, three, four guys, now Piyush can bite me.  I am four. guys, now Piyush can bite me.  I am four. guys, now Piyush can bite me.  I am four. If Piyush gets four, I will be out If Piyush gets four, I will be out If Piyush gets four, I will be out brother.   Had brother.   Had brother.   Had fun. fun. fun. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. And we took out our sword and And we took out our sword and And we took out our sword and brother, what a bad luck we have. brother, what a bad luck we have. brother, what a bad luck we have. What guys, I have to go back. What guys, I have to go back. What guys, I have to go back. Now Avantika will come. Now Avantika will come. Now Avantika will come. Guys, now Avantika has come here in my place. Guys, now Avantika has come here in my place. Guys, now Avantika has come here in my place. Now I will throw Avantika's dice.  Let us go. Now I will throw Avantika's dice.  Let us go. Five one Five one Five one two three four five come on brother two three four five come on brother two three four five come on brother one come on son [sound of clearing throat] come on son [sound of clearing throat] come on son [sound of clearing throat] come on one one one where are you throwing it it's where are you throwing it it's where are you throwing it it's my turn guys so I have to take my turn guys so I have to take my turn guys so I have to take out Avantiya I need one or six annas only then will I be able to come out Avantiya I need one or six annas only then will I be able to come out Avantiya I need one or six annas only then will I be able to come out let's see what will out let's see what will out let's see what will come come come oh three oh three oh three guys I think we can lose the match guys I think we can lose the match guys I think we can lose the match friend. friend. friend. Large numbers are needed to divide the system. Large numbers are needed to divide the system. Large numbers are needed to divide the system. Big number Big number Big number three three three came in very big.  One, two, three came in very big.  One, two, three came in very big.  One, two, three is fine.   Five five. one two three four five. Two guys hopeful that Avantika will get out this time. guys hopeful that Avantika will get out this time. guys hopeful that Avantika will get out this time. Oh friend, it's five. Oh friend, it's five. Oh friend, it's five. One by one One by one One by one Let's turn. Say five five brother. Say five five brother. Say five five brother. one two three four five. one two three four five. one two three four five. Brother, the message Brother, the message Brother, the message brother, now it will not open when it comes here, I brother, now it will not open when it comes here, I brother, now it will not open when it comes here, I will cut it from here. will cut it from here. will cut it from here. Come on Aunt Come on Aunt Come on Aunt Five. Five. Five. Five 1 2 3 4 5 Five 1 2 3 4 5 Five 1 2 3 4 5 Hey Sahil, it's about to end brother. Hey Sahil, it's about to end brother. Hey Sahil, it's about to end brother. Cut to Silda Cut to Silda Cut to Silda yes it is about to end.  It's going to end there, friend. yes it is about to end.  It's going to end there, friend. Oh my guys, our luck is very bad today.   Give two. Oh my guys, our luck is very bad today.   Give two. Oh my guys, our luck is very bad today.   Give two. Come on brother.   It was Come on brother.   It was Come on brother.   It was my turn. my turn. my turn. Three one two Three one two Three one two three. three. three. Big one for me.   Stand up. Big one for me.   Stand up. Three Three Three one two three one two three one two three what are you doing brother?  I am in danger. what are you doing brother?  I am in danger. what are you doing brother?  I am in danger. Oh, I have come brother. Oh, I have come brother. Oh, I have come brother. Well, it's my second turn.   Now Well, it's my second turn.   Now Well, it's my second turn.   Now a friend can a friend can a friend can bite you like a Kunali. bite you like a Kunali. bite you like a Kunali. Can cut.   Oh, yes.   Bye bye. Can cut.   Oh, yes.   Bye bye. One two three four five six. One two three four five six. One two three four five six. Let's have one more.   I am in Let's have one more.   I am in Let's have one more.   I am in danger, I have gone away danger, I have gone away danger, I have gone away son. Five Five Five very good very good one two three four very good very good one two three four very good very good one two three four five safe friend let's go five safe friend let's go five safe friend let's go good good good four four four okay one two three four okay one two three four okay one two three four brother is right behind you brother is right behind you brother is right behind you roll roll roll anything can happen do anything can happen do anything can happen do n't cut n't cut n't cut three bring it just do it somehow four four one two three four my turn my turn my turn brother now something big should come otherwise Pawan will brother now something big should come otherwise Pawan will brother now something big should come otherwise Pawan will cut Avantika cut Avantika cut Avantika Kunalli six is six is six is saved saved saved one two three four five six once one two three four five six once one two three four five six once brother four one four one four one two three four come on two three four come on two three four come on now a little one one now a little one one now a little one one whose one is mine yes one come on whose one is mine yes one come on whose one is mine yes one come on what is this what is this what is this earlier six five came earlier six five came earlier six five came two one two two one two one the one the one the game is over like different come on game is over like different come on game is over like different come on brother bring six six brother bring six six brother bring six six we can win again we can win again we can win again yes bring six quickly two has come two two has come two two has come two let's increase it big this time increase it four one two three four not bad four one two three four not bad four one two three four not bad six one two three four five six one six one two three four five six one six one two three four five six one and one and come on three three three one two three you roll from 10 here one two three you roll from 10 here one two three you roll from 10 here okay big let's okay big let's okay big let's six six six one two three three four five six come once come once. one two three three four five six come once come once. Three three one two Three three one two Three three one two three. three. three. Hey Hey Hey brother, he is going to win. brother, he is going to win. brother, he is going to win. Hey, I'm going to win.  Brother, I am going to win. Hey, I'm going to win.  Brother, I am going to win. Oh brother, Oh brother, Oh brother, one, two, three one, two, three one, two, three brothers, cut the silo quickly, friend. brothers, cut the silo quickly, friend. brothers, cut the silo quickly, friend. Bring six quickly then. Bring six quickly then. Bring six quickly then. They need five of mine, they will be safe and then They need five of mine, they will be safe and then They need five of mine, they will be safe and then no one can cut them. no one can cut them. no one can cut them. Guys, now we will have to cut the silo. Guys, now we will have to cut the silo. Guys, now we will have to cut the silo. Six to five Six to five. Six to five Six to five. Six to five Six to five. Hey friend, are you coming?  Not just one, Hey friend, are you coming?  Not just one, Hey friend, are you coming?  Not just one, friend, one came.  Hey friend, let's friend, one came.  Hey friend, let's friend, one came.  Hey friend, let's not get cut ourselves now Kunali not get cut ourselves now Kunali not get cut ourselves now Kunali six five five three four five three four five three four five five five Mummy please bring five the Mummy please bring five the Mummy please bring five the fifth son son, whatever comes, that's enough fifth son son, whatever comes, that's enough fifth son son, whatever comes, that's enough three three two the three three two the three three two the head doesn't come, neither do I have to turn it around, it does head doesn't come, neither do I have to turn it around, it does head doesn't come, neither do I have to turn it around, it does n't come n't come n't come with two whose with two whose with two whose friend should get six one two three one two three one two three four four four guys Sahil is going to win why do I guys Sahil is going to win why do I guys Sahil is going to win why do I feel like this Sahil is going to win six very good one two three four five six it came again again six very good one two three four five six it came again again six papa ji again six no no one six papa ji again six no no one again six let's go one two three four five six again six let's go one two three four five six again six let's go one two three four five six again six no the again six no the again six no the turn will get cut turn will get cut turn will get cut thrice six turns get cut I thrice six turns get cut I thrice six turns get cut I need five five five six six five best brother one two three four five best brother one two three four five best brother one two three four five and I need only three to win three and and I need only three to win three and and I need only three to win three and I will win three one two three one two three one two three three three hey quickly bring a big number make a hey quickly bring a big number make a hey quickly bring a big number make a big number and no one can cut me come on big number and no one can cut me come on big number and no one can cut me come on complete one two three four five six one two three four five six one two three four five six brother I also need three Piyush also needs three brother I also need three Piyush also needs three brother I also need three Piyush also needs three brother Piyush also needs three and Sahil brother Piyush also needs three and Sahil brother Piyush also needs three and Sahil also needs three see where Piyush is standing also needs three see where Piyush is standing also needs three see where Piyush is standing one two three one two three one two three one two three one two three one two three now let's see who among these two now let's see who among these two now let's see who among these two will win this game? will win this game? will win this game? Oh brother. Oh brother. Oh brother. Who will get three first and only three should be given. Who will get three first and only three should be given. Who will get three first and only three should be given. If you get six, it will not be accepted.   You If you get six, it will not be accepted.   You If you get six, it will not be accepted.   You won't get six.  The turn will be cut.   The won't get six.  The turn will be cut.   The won't get six.  The turn will be cut.   The turn will be cut. turn will be cut. turn will be cut. And even if you get four, it will not be accepted.   The And even if you get four, it will not be accepted.   The And even if you get four, it will not be accepted.   The turn will be cut. turn will be cut. turn will be cut. Their turn will be cut. Their turn will be cut. We can go either two, three or one. We can go either two, three or one. We can go either two, three or one. Now it is my turn.  Now I have three.  I Now it is my turn.  Now I have three.  I Now it is my turn.  Now I have three.  I will win this. will win this. will win this. Come on brother, we have already lost. Come on brother, we have already lost. Come on brother, we have already lost. Three let's go by three. Three let's go by three. Three let's go by three. Six.   Nothing will happen.  Nothing will happen. Six.   Nothing will happen.  Nothing will happen. Six.   Nothing will happen.  Nothing will happen. Let's go to my turn six. Let's go to my turn six. Two okay guys look one two three let's go winner is okay guys look one two three let's go winner is okay guys look one two three let's go winner is cheating cheating cheating winner guys hey guys so winner guys hey guys so winner guys hey guys so today's winner is today's winner is today's winner is great guys it was fun great guys it was fun great guys it was fun Piyush won guys he came last of all let's go Piyush won guys he came last of all let's go Piyush won guys he came last of all let's go I am the one to win it let's I am the one to win it let's I am the one to win it let's play for second let's play for second play for second let's play for second play for second let's play for second now let's see who comes second now let's see who comes second now let's see who comes second Piyush has come first let's see who comes second come Piyush has come first let's see who comes second come Piyush has come first let's see who comes second come whose turn is it start whose turn is it start whose turn is it start come forward.   No no, come forward.   No no, come forward.   No no, we are playing right now.  Piu won, right? we are playing right now.  Piu won, right? three three three one two three one two three one two three just [sound of clearing throat] one was just [sound of clearing throat] one was just [sound of clearing throat] one was so close you know if three four had come then so close you know if three four had come then so close you know if three four had come then we would have been cut off.   Let's we would have been cut off.   Let's we would have been cut off.   Let's go one.  Now I need two. go one.  Now I need two. go one.  Now I need two. Aunt and Aunt and Aunt and friend will probably be cut off.   I am from two.  I am the same.   I am the same.   It is two.  I am the same.   I am the same.   It is not ours.   If it's not ours.   If it's not ours.   If it's not, it's not, it's not, it's good, isn't it? good, isn't it? good, isn't it? won. won. won. We won. We won. We won. Okay Okay Okay guys, I think the second Sahil can come now.   I am guys, I think the second Sahil can come now.   I am bringing only one.   I have got bringing only one.   I have got bringing only one.   I have got a key, friend. a key, friend. a key, friend. One got stuck.  Now I am trapped.  I only need one One got stuck.  Now I am trapped.  I only need one One got stuck.  Now I am trapped.  I only need one now.  Now I am trapped. Stop it, Allah, do it, Stop it, Allah, do it, Stop it, Allah, do it, four, four, four, one, three, one, three, one, three, 5000, son, take some air from my hand, 5000, son, take some air from my hand, 5000, son, take some air from my hand, how will you not cut it, you how will you not cut it, you how will you not cut it, you six, six, six, six, my six, my six, my six, six, six, one, guys, one, guys, one, guys, I might come last, I might come last, I might come last, hey friend, bring any number in the big one.   Let us go. hey friend, bring any number in the big one.   Let us go. hey friend, bring any number in the big one.   Let us go. Any number five. five. five. one two three four five.  I need number three guys. one two three four five.  I need number three guys. one two three four five.  I need number three guys. Yes, somewhere. Yes, somewhere. Yes, somewhere. Brother Kunal wants three and Sahil Brother Kunal wants three and Sahil Brother Kunal wants three and Sahil wants one.  So let's see wants one.  So let's see wants one.  So let's see who comes second between Kunal and Sahil.  Come on brother. who comes second between Kunal and Sahil.  Come on brother. who comes second between Kunal and Sahil.  Come on brother. Four did not come.   Let us go. Four did not come.   Let us go. Four did not come.   Let us go. Hey friend, three have come. Hey friend, three have come. Hey friend, three have come. One, two, three.   Do n't bring more than three, just n't bring more than three, just bring three bring three bring three [screaming voice] bring one each, guys, like this also, [screaming voice] bring one each, guys, like this also, now both of you want one each, now both of you want one each, now both of you want one each, look both of you are standing at the same place, look both of you are standing at the same place, look both of you are standing at the same place, five five five three, hey friend, what has happened, like this you will three, hey friend, what has happened, like this you will three, hey friend, what has happened, like this you will definitely not win, six six six friend, you are bringing two, friend. How about two friends? How about two friends? How about two friends? Come on brother, second one has come. Come on brother, second one has come. Come on brother, second one has come. Let Let Let me come third. me come third. me come third. Oh, here comes another one.   Let's Oh, here comes another one.   Let's go four by four. Two Two Two two hey friend why am I bringing only two I am hey friend why am I bringing only two I am hey friend why am I bringing only two I am feeding two, swing it straight ok like feeding two, swing it straight ok like feeding two, swing it straight ok like this this this five five five one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five oh brother oh brother oh brother swing it straight the big one straight two why are you bringing only two why are you bringing only two why are you bringing only two hey two hey two hey two son how will you throw it straight?   Come on like this, son how will you throw it straight?   Come on like this, son how will you throw it straight?   Come on like this, I'm throwing, I'm throwing. I'm throwing, I'm throwing. I'm throwing, I'm throwing. Then refuse it anyway. Then refuse it anyway. Then refuse it anyway. Oh okay, I'm throwing it away.   Nothing will happen. Oh okay, I'm throwing it away.   Nothing will happen. Two straight. Well, we could have come first.  Ours got cut.   Guys, I had Well, we could have come first.  Ours got cut.   Guys, I had Well, we could have come first.  Ours got cut.   Guys, I had fun playing the game.  Piyush fun playing the game.  Piyush fun playing the game.  Piyush won and we came last. won and we came last. won and we came last. I am the winner.   The I am the winner.   The I am the winner.   The thrower sometimes wins.   I had a thrower sometimes wins.   I had a thrower sometimes wins.   I had a lot of fun.   It has to be lot of fun.   It has to be lot of fun.   It has to be thrown long. thrown long. thrown long. Big she she came.  The trick has arrived.  The one Big she she came.  The trick has arrived.  The one Big she she came.  The trick has arrived.  The one that was throwing the big one to the big dad was coming. that was throwing the big one to the big dad was coming. that was throwing the big one to the big dad was coming. Elder father was throwing it from where Elder father was throwing it from where Elder father was throwing it from where he was.  They were doing the same to him.   Guys, I he was.  They were doing the same to him.   Guys, I he was.  They were doing the same to him.   Guys, I enjoyed today's game. enjoyed today's game. enjoyed today's game. Tell us how you liked it by commenting.  For now, I'll Tell us how you liked it by commenting.  For now, I'll Tell us how you liked it by commenting.  For now, I'll end this video.  See you end this video.  See you end this video.  See you in the next video.  Thank you so much for in the next video.  Thank you so much for in the next video.  Thank you so much for watching.   Bye. watching.   Bye. watching.   Bye. Guys, look, our video has been shot now. Guys, look, our video has been shot now. Guys, look, our video has been shot now. This is how I shoot daily.  I will This is how I shoot daily.  I will This is how I shoot daily.  I will call him first.  Then they do call him first.  Then they do call him first.  Then they do not come.  Then they come like this in two-three hours. not come.  Then they come like this in two-three hours. not come.  Then they come like this in two-three hours. Today I showed you the entire process.  To Today I showed you the entire process.  To Today I showed you the entire process.  To call you, to pick you up. call you, to pick you up. call you, to pick you up. Look, he is having breakfast right now.  Having Look, he is having breakfast right now.  Having Look, he is having breakfast right now.  Having breakfast at 4:00 p.m.  Chole breakfast at 4:00 p.m.  Chole breakfast at 4:00 p.m.  Chole rice.  It was right.