Good morning guys.  Happy Good morning guys.  Happy Good morning guys.  Happy Independence Day to everyone.  So today we all are going to Independence Day to everyone.  So today we all are going to Independence Day to everyone.  So today we all are going to Papa's school from where Papa did his schooling.  Get the Papa's school from where Papa did his schooling.  Get the Papa's school from where Papa did his schooling.  Get the full Independence Day vibe going with this full Independence Day vibe going with this full Independence Day vibe going with this cute Chocopie pack for kids. cute Chocopie pack for kids. Carrying all the weight on my shoulders, I went out.  And you Carrying all the weight on my shoulders, I went out.  And you Carrying all the weight on my shoulders, I went out.  And you can see the weather outside.  It was becoming so cute.  While can see the weather outside.  It was becoming so cute.  While acting as an independent woman, I had reached there.  Everyone had acting as an independent woman, I had reached there.  Everyone had acting as an independent woman, I had reached there.  Everyone had reached and sat in the car and after this reached and sat in the car and after this reached and sat in the car and after this we ate white sauce pasta.  Mom had packed it.  It was getting we ate white sauce pasta.  Mom had packed it.  It was getting we ate white sauce pasta.  Mom had packed it.  It was getting so tasty. so tasty. so tasty. Looking at the flags on the car.  My Looking at the flags on the car.  My Looking at the flags on the car.  My sister Kaleshi said something useful. sister Kaleshi said something useful. sister Kaleshi said something useful. This tricolor is currently visible in everyone's vehicles and homes. This tricolor is currently visible in everyone's vehicles and homes. This tricolor is currently visible in everyone's vehicles and homes. Tomorrow it will be found somewhere Tomorrow it will be found somewhere Tomorrow it will be found somewhere in the mud, lying somewhere.  I have put in the mud, lying somewhere.  I have put in the mud, lying somewhere.  I have put this on just for today. this on just for today. this on just for today. I too got scared after seeing the anger of this lizard. I too got scared after seeing the anger of this lizard. I too got scared after seeing the anger of this lizard. Then we put up badges giving the whole vibe and it was Then we put up badges giving the whole vibe and it was so much fun to see the mini tiny kids from the schools in the rally.  Then we so much fun to see the mini tiny kids from the schools in the rally.  Then we so much fun to see the mini tiny kids from the schools in the rally.  Then we reached there laughing and playing.  Papa's name was reached there laughing and playing.  Papa's name was reached there laughing and playing.  Papa's name was also announced here.  Then there was flank hosting and the also announced here.  Then there was flank hosting and the also announced here.  Then there was flank hosting and the national anthem.  The children sang some patriotic songs. national anthem.  The children sang some patriotic songs. national anthem.  The children sang some patriotic songs. Papa was showing his Papa was showing his Papa was showing his classes where he had taught earlier. classes where he had taught earlier. classes where he had taught earlier. And the vibe here was so cool and aesthetic, was And the vibe here was so cool and aesthetic, was And the vibe here was so cool and aesthetic, was n't it?  These mini tiny kids turned out to be my fans too. n't it?  These mini tiny kids turned out to be my fans too. n't it?  These mini tiny kids turned out to be my fans too. Then we went to the hall where the Then we went to the hall where the Then we went to the hall where the entire celebration started.  Papa entire celebration started.  Papa entire celebration started.  Papa got these special batches there.  Hum Hum after that got these special batches there.  Hum Hum after that got these special batches there.  Hum Hum after that all the programs started.  All all the programs started.  All all the programs started.  All patriotic songs and dances.  Bhuvi enjoyed the patriotic songs and dances.  Bhuvi enjoyed the patriotic songs and dances.  Bhuvi enjoyed the tea.  We used to enjoy the programs. tea.  We used to enjoy the programs. tea.  We used to enjoy the programs. My sister Kalesh got angry here too and My sister Kalesh got angry here too and My sister Kalesh got angry here too and because of Kalesh she got us expelled because of Kalesh she got us expelled because of Kalesh she got us expelled from the school.  Then we all went to eat momos from the school.  Then we all went to eat momos from the school.  Then we all went to eat momos and had a lot of fun, guys.  Happy and had a lot of fun, guys.  Happy and had a lot of fun, guys.  Happy Independence Day to everyone today.  Bye-bye.