And Assalam Walekum And Assalam Walekum And Assalam Walekum Pushya Amrit at Exam Gas Production Railway Station, hope Pushya Amrit at Exam Gas Production Railway Station, hope Pushya Amrit at Exam Gas Production Railway Station, hope you all are well. Today we will talk you all are well. Today we will talk you all are well. Today we will talk about the Gland Gas Hot Star. about the Gland Gas Hot Star. about the Gland Gas Hot Star. First of all, we will talk First of all, we will talk First of all, we will talk about its features and its design. about its features and its design. It is fully tempered glass here It is fully tempered glass here It is fully tempered glass here and it is available in three sizes - and it is available in three sizes - and it is available in three sizes - 6 cm, 725 cm, 10 cm. 6 cm, 725 cm, 10 cm. 6 cm, 725 cm, 10 cm. After this, let's talk After this, let's talk After this, let's talk about its motor. Its motor is made of about its motor. Its motor is made of about its motor. Its motor is made of pure copper pure copper pure copper and its motor has a replacement guarantee. and its motor has a replacement guarantee. and its motor has a replacement guarantee. Along with this, you must have seen all the button-based appliances in the market. Along with this, you must have seen all the button-based appliances in the market. You will get a two-speed motor in them. The You will get a two-speed motor in them. The You will get a two-speed motor in them. The company has designed it with a specific motor. It has company has designed it with a specific motor. It has company has designed it with a specific motor. It has rose water, medium sweet rose water, medium sweet rose water, medium sweet and 5 speeds. It is and 5 speeds. It is and 5 speeds. It is very easy to operate. Along with very easy to operate. Along with very easy to operate. Along with this, it also has two LED lights, this, it also has two LED lights, this, it also has two LED lights, one is attached to the end and the other one is attached to the end and the other one is attached to the end and the other is attached to the LED light. The benefit of this LED light is is attached to the LED light. The benefit of this LED light is is attached to the LED light. The benefit of this LED light is that if that if that if you have less lights in the kitchen while cooking, then you can you have less lights in the kitchen while cooking, then you can you have less lights in the kitchen while cooking, then you can turn on this LED light.  You can also check your cooking to see turn on this LED light.  You can also check your cooking to see turn on this LED light.  You can also check your cooking to see how much your food is cooked. how much your food is cooked. how much your food is cooked. After this, we will talk about its unique and After this, we will talk about its unique and After this, we will talk about its unique and design panel. Okay, the design panel. Okay, the design panel. Okay, the entire inner side body below it is of this channel, entire inner side body below it is of this channel, entire inner side body below it is of this channel, just chill, non-medicated, okay and the just chill, non-medicated, okay and the just chill, non-medicated, okay and the points with it are of metal, there is points with it are of metal, there is points with it are of metal, there is no plastic void, it is appropriate. no plastic void, it is appropriate. no plastic void, it is appropriate. Its beneficial is that if there is any Its beneficial is that if there is any Its beneficial is that if there is any dish left and you do not keep a thin layer on it, then it dish left and you do not keep a thin layer on it, then it dish left and you do not keep a thin layer on it, then it gets heated and the gets heated and the gets heated and the plastic void melts plastic void melts plastic void melts and it is not at all easy to clean it. and it is not at all easy to clean it. and it is not at all easy to clean it. After cooking, you took it out, After cooking, you took it out, After cooking, you took it out, washed it and applied it. If you turn it washed it and applied it. If you turn it washed it and applied it. If you turn it on, then this oil on, then this oil on, then this oil and grease are properly removed from the pan and grease are properly removed from the pan and grease are properly removed from the pan because there are some other secrets, they are because there are some other secrets, they are because there are some other secrets, they are applied from your center. applied from your center. applied from your center. When Bigg Boss is done, it melts and When Bigg Boss is done, it melts and When Bigg Boss is done, it melts and reaches inside this oil. You have to easily take it out, reaches inside this oil. You have to easily take it out, reaches inside this oil. You have to easily take it out, wash it wash it wash it and apply it. and apply it. and apply it. After this, we will talk After this, we will talk After this, we will talk about its quality. There about its quality. There is a one year replacement guarantee for its motor.  Along with this, the complete details are is a one year replacement guarantee for its motor.  Along with this, the complete details are is a one year replacement guarantee for its motor.  Along with this, the complete details are also mentioned in our guarantee card. also mentioned in our guarantee card. also mentioned in our guarantee card. After this we talk about its features. After this we talk about its features. After this we talk about its features. Generally, you must have seen the to-do's, among them there are Generally, you must have seen the to-do's, among them there are Generally, you must have seen the to-do's, among them there are lots of gas companies which lots of gas companies which lots of gas companies which start from the root, you can check its hair fall on dating apps. start from the root, you can check its hair fall on dating apps. start from the root, you can check its hair fall on dating apps. Dowry has been given, after that you can after that you can after that you can also call on the number given on the screen to book your order. also call on the number given on the screen to book your order. also call on the number given on the screen to book your order. Apart from this, you can Apart from this, you can Apart from this, you can also go to our official website w.com and also go to our official website w.com and also go to our official website w.com and book your order. Along with this, there is book your order. Along with this, there is book your order. Along with this, there is also the description of our dealer on the screen. also the description of our dealer on the screen. also the description of our dealer on the screen. It also has the numbers of the franchise and the It also has the numbers of the franchise and the It also has the numbers of the franchise and the numbers of your dealers. numbers of your dealers. numbers of your dealers. You can book your order sitting anywhere in Pakistan. You can book your order sitting anywhere in Pakistan. You can book your order sitting anywhere in Pakistan. Thank you for watching my Thank you for watching my Thank you for watching my video. Apart from this, this