And Assalam Walekum
Pushya Amrit at Exam Gas Production Railway Station, hope
you all are well. Today we will talk
about the Gland Gas Hot Star.
First of all, we will talk
about its features and its design.
It is fully tempered glass here
and it is available in three sizes -
6 cm, 725 cm, 10 cm.
After this, let's talk
about its motor. Its motor is made of
pure copper
and its motor has a replacement guarantee.
Along with this, you must have seen all the button-based appliances in the market.
You will get a two-speed motor in them. The
company has designed it with a specific motor. It has
rose water, medium sweet
and 5 speeds. It is
very easy to operate. Along with
this, it also has two LED lights,
one is attached to the end and the other
is attached to the LED light. The benefit of this LED light is
that if
you have less lights in the kitchen while cooking, then you can
turn on this LED light. You can also check your cooking to see
how much your food is cooked.
After this, we will talk about its unique and
design panel. Okay, the
entire inner side body below it is of this channel,
just chill, non-medicated, okay and the
points with it are of metal, there is
no plastic void, it is appropriate.
Its beneficial is that if there is any
dish left and you do not keep a thin layer on it, then it
gets heated and the
plastic void melts
and it is not at all easy to clean it.
After cooking, you took it out,
washed it and applied it. If you turn it
on, then this oil
and grease are properly removed from the pan
because there are some other secrets, they are
applied from your center.
When Bigg Boss is done, it melts and
reaches inside this oil. You have to easily take it out,
wash it
and apply it.
After this, we will talk
about its quality. There
is a one year replacement guarantee for its motor. Along with this, the complete details are
also mentioned in our guarantee card.
After this we talk about its features.
Generally, you must have seen the to-do's, among them there are
lots of gas companies which
start from the root, you can check its hair fall on dating apps.
Dowry has been given,
after that you can
also call on the number given on the screen to book your order.
Apart from this, you can
also go to our official website w.com and
book your order. Along with this, there is
also the description of our dealer on the screen.
It also has the numbers of the franchise and the
numbers of your dealers.
You can book your order sitting anywhere in Pakistan.
Thank you for watching my
video. Apart from this, this
