I wear a watch kind of weird. I wear it I wear a watch kind of weird. I wear it I wear a watch kind of weird. I wear it to where the face is on the bottom here. to where the face is on the bottom here. to where the face is on the bottom here. So, I raise it up and look at it like So, I raise it up and look at it like So, I raise it up and look at it like that. I saw an older gentleman doing that. I saw an older gentleman doing that. I saw an older gentleman doing that when I was a kid. So, I've always that when I was a kid. So, I've always that when I was a kid. So, I've always done that. Anyway, long story short, it done that. Anyway, long story short, it done that. Anyway, long story short, it scratches up your watch face. So, this scratches up your watch face. So, this scratches up your watch face. So, this one scratched all, you know, this is one scratched all, you know, this is one scratched all, you know, this is just scratched like crazy. This is an just scratched like crazy. This is an just scratched like crazy. This is an Apple Watch. It scratched all up and I Apple Watch. It scratched all up and I Apple Watch. It scratched all up and I just kind of thought if I ever get just kind of thought if I ever get just kind of thought if I ever get another Apple Watch, I'm going to another Apple Watch, I'm going to another Apple Watch, I'm going to protect it and get a screen protector protect it and get a screen protector protect it and get a screen protector for it. So today we're going to be for it. So today we're going to be for it. So today we're going to be testing out the Magic John screen testing out the Magic John screen testing out the Magic John screen protectors for Apple watches. Anyway, protectors for Apple watches. Anyway, protectors for Apple watches. Anyway, these are around $15 on Amazon. I will these are around $15 on Amazon. I will these are around $15 on Amazon. I will have an Amazon link in the description have an Amazon link in the description have an Amazon link in the description of this video and also one in the of this video and also one in the of this video and also one in the comments if you want to check one of comments if you want to check one of comments if you want to check one of these out after the video. Let's get these out after the video. Let's get these out after the video. Let's get started. started. started. So this is what this contraption comes So this is what this contraption comes So this is what this contraption comes in. It just comes in a block a box like in. It just comes in a block a box like in. It just comes in a block a box like this. And I'm just going to open this up this. And I'm just going to open this up this. And I'm just going to open this up and we're going to take a quick look at and we're going to take a quick look at and we're going to take a quick look at it and then get this thing going. So it and then get this thing going. So it and then get this thing going. So that's what this whole device looks that's what this whole device looks that's what this whole device looks like. We're going to open it up and like. We're going to open it up and like. We're going to open it up and there's little prep stuff in here. and a there's little prep stuff in here. and a there's little prep stuff in here. and a set of instructions and you can also set of instructions and you can also set of instructions and you can also follow a QR code. And this thing has got follow a QR code. And this thing has got follow a QR code. And this thing has got two setups in here. So, you've got two two setups in here. So, you've got two two setups in here. So, you've got two screen protectors in here and actually screen protectors in here and actually screen protectors in here and actually two, you know, whole kits really uh two, you know, whole kits really uh two, you know, whole kits really uh because you can, you know, do this twice because you can, you know, do this twice because you can, you know, do this twice if need be. And right there, you saw me if need be. And right there, you saw me if need be. And right there, you saw me my watch without a band in there, but if my watch without a band in there, but if my watch without a band in there, but if you got a regular size band, it'll fit you got a regular size band, it'll fit you got a regular size band, it'll fit in there. I just have that wide one, so in there. I just have that wide one, so in there. I just have that wide one, so I just had to take my watch out itself I just had to take my watch out itself I just had to take my watch out itself and stick it in there. Okay, the first and stick it in there. Okay, the first and stick it in there. Okay, the first step is just cleaning it off this little step is just cleaning it off this little step is just cleaning it off this little alcohol pad or what I don't really know alcohol pad or what I don't really know alcohol pad or what I don't really know what the chemical is, but I'm wiping it what the chemical is, but I'm wiping it what the chemical is, but I'm wiping it down and you just get it real good and down and you just get it real good and down and you just get it real good and clean. And it's supposed to be three clean. And it's supposed to be three clean. And it's supposed to be three steps. And the next part of this is a um steps. And the next part of this is a um steps. And the next part of this is a um it's like a little cleansing cloth. It's it's like a little cleansing cloth. It's it's like a little cleansing cloth. It's sort of like a just a very tiny mini sort of like a just a very tiny mini sort of like a just a very tiny mini dust cloth. And I'd use that to sort of dust cloth. And I'd use that to sort of dust cloth. And I'd use that to sort of dry this thing and just clean it a dry this thing and just clean it a dry this thing and just clean it a little better. you know, if you read the little better. you know, if you read the little better. you know, if you read the instructions, it probably tells you a instructions, it probably tells you a instructions, it probably tells you a little different, but uh you know, little different, but uh you know, little different, but uh you know, you're supposed to be, you know, using you're supposed to be, you know, using you're supposed to be, you know, using the cleaner, the wipe, and then the the cleaner, the wipe, and then the the cleaner, the wipe, and then the little dust sticker that comes with it. little dust sticker that comes with it. little dust sticker that comes with it. So, that's the three steps. And I did So, that's the three steps. And I did So, that's the three steps. And I did not use the dust sticker cuz I didn't not use the dust sticker cuz I didn't not use the dust sticker cuz I didn't think I needed it. So, anyway, after you think I needed it. So, anyway, after you think I needed it. So, anyway, after you get it all good and clean, then you're get it all good and clean, then you're get it all good and clean, then you're going to get this thing set up to go. going to get this thing set up to go. going to get this thing set up to go. And you see this is the way it's And you see this is the way it's And you see this is the way it's supposed to be set up. That little supposed to be set up. That little supposed to be set up. That little orange bar is all the way to the top orange bar is all the way to the top orange bar is all the way to the top like that. And then we're going to get like that. And then we're going to get like that. And then we're going to get our little screen protector out. that's our little screen protector out. that's our little screen protector out. that's in that little piece of uh wax paper or in that little piece of uh wax paper or in that little piece of uh wax paper or whatever the heck that is. Little whatever the heck that is. Little whatever the heck that is. Little plastic bag. And then we're going to plastic bag. And then we're going to plastic bag. And then we're going to stick it in here. Now, you see that it's stick it in here. Now, you see that it's stick it in here. Now, you see that it's got four corners to it. And you you got four corners to it. And you you got four corners to it. And you you shove them on the little orange pegs. shove them on the little orange pegs. shove them on the little orange pegs. So, just like I'm doing right there. So, just like I'm doing right there. So, just like I'm doing right there. That's how this thing goes in. Once you That's how this thing goes in. Once you That's how this thing goes in. Once you get it locked into those pegs, get it locked into those pegs, get it locked into those pegs, there's a little flap there's a little flap there's a little flap on the front underneath there. That's on the front underneath there. That's on the front underneath there. That's that's actually with the screen that's actually with the screen that's actually with the screen protector. And uh you make sure that protector. And uh you make sure that protector. And uh you make sure that flaps out so that you can pull it out flaps out so that you can pull it out flaps out so that you can pull it out once you get the lid closed on this once you get the lid closed on this once you get the lid closed on this thing. thing. thing. Okay. Now you can pull that little flap Okay. Now you can pull that little flap Okay. Now you can pull that little flap out. That's the dust remover or dust out. That's the dust remover or dust out. That's the dust remover or dust protector or whatever they call it. And protector or whatever they call it. And protector or whatever they call it. And once that's out, then you start this once that's out, then you start this once that's out, then you start this process. You just push this all the way process. You just push this all the way process. You just push this all the way down. And then you'll pull it all the down. And then you'll pull it all the down. And then you'll pull it all the way back. way back. way back. And once you get that all the way back, And once you get that all the way back, And once you get that all the way back, this thing is done. The screen protector this thing is done. The screen protector this thing is done. The screen protector is on there. So just pop it back open. is on there. So just pop it back open. is on there. So just pop it back open. Get all this stuff out of the way and Get all this stuff out of the way and Get all this stuff out of the way and you've got your little watch in there you've got your little watch in there you've got your little watch in there with the screen protector on it. It's with the screen protector on it. It's with the screen protector on it. It's that simple. And you can see here it that simple. And you can see here it that simple. And you can see here it goes right to the edge of the top. It goes right to the edge of the top. It goes right to the edge of the top. It doesn't go it doesn't cover the entire doesn't go it doesn't cover the entire doesn't go it doesn't cover the entire surface. Obviously, the little rounded surface. Obviously, the little rounded surface. Obviously, the little rounded part at the bottom on the sides there is part at the bottom on the sides there is part at the bottom on the sides there is not covered. So, I think they do this not covered. So, I think they do this not covered. So, I think they do this because if they cover the entire top of because if they cover the entire top of because if they cover the entire top of the watch, then it would probably uh you the watch, then it would probably uh you the watch, then it would probably uh you know, start to pull up. So, it's a know, start to pull up. So, it's a know, start to pull up. So, it's a little bit, you know, made to where it's little bit, you know, made to where it's little bit, you know, made to where it's just sort of flat on that flat surface just sort of flat on that flat surface just sort of flat on that flat surface on the front of this watch. Anyway, on the front of this watch. Anyway, on the front of this watch. Anyway, that's pretty easy to do. And if you that's pretty easy to do. And if you that's pretty easy to do. And if you need instructions, QR code, whatever, need instructions, QR code, whatever, need instructions, QR code, whatever, you can follow that. And uh that's what you can follow that. And uh that's what you can follow that. And uh that's what it looks like when it's done. And I'm it looks like when it's done. And I'm it looks like when it's done. And I'm going to show you right now. This is a going to show you right now. This is a going to show you right now. This is a week later. So, this is what this thing week later. So, this is what this thing week later. So, this is what this thing looks like after I've wore this watch looks like after I've wore this watch looks like after I've wore this watch upside down and beat it up against upside down and beat it up against upside down and beat it up against counters and everything else inside cars counters and everything else inside cars counters and everything else inside cars and you name it. I think I even worked and you name it. I think I even worked and you name it. I think I even worked on a car maybe a little bit with this on a car maybe a little bit with this on a car maybe a little bit with this thing on. I'm not really sure if I did thing on. I'm not really sure if I did thing on. I'm not really sure if I did or not, but anyway, uh I give this thing or not, but anyway, uh I give this thing or not, but anyway, uh I give this thing a beating, you know, wearing it upside a beating, you know, wearing it upside a beating, you know, wearing it upside down. And you can see it looks pretty down. And you can see it looks pretty down. And you can see it looks pretty good for that. So, I give this thing an good for that. So, I give this thing an good for that. So, I give this thing an A+ so far. I don't know how long it's A+ so far. I don't know how long it's A+ so far. I don't know how long it's going to last, but so far so good. I going to last, but so far so good. I going to last, but so far so good. I really like it. Again, there will be an really like it. Again, there will be an really like it. Again, there will be an Amazon link in the description of this Amazon link in the description of this Amazon link in the description of this video and also in the comments if you video and also in the comments if you video and also in the comments if you want to check one of these out after the want to check one of these out after the want to check one of these out after the video. And anyway, they're about $15 and video. And anyway, they're about $15 and video. And anyway, they're about $15 and you get two to do this. So, you know, if you get two to do this. So, you know, if you get two to do this. So, you know, if you screw it up, you can do it again. you screw it up, you can do it again. you screw it up, you can do it again. or, you know, maybe if the thing wears or, you know, maybe if the thing wears or, you know, maybe if the thing wears out or starts looking bad, you can, you out or starts looking bad, you can, you out or starts looking bad, you can, you know, get it out of the drawer and put a know, get it out of the drawer and put a know, get it out of the drawer and put a new one on. Please remember to subscribe new one on. Please remember to subscribe new one on. Please remember to subscribe to my channel. If you have any questions to my channel. If you have any questions to my channel. If you have any questions about these screen protectors, please about these screen protectors, please about these screen protectors, please throw it down in my comments. Or if you throw it down in my comments. Or if you throw it down in my comments. Or if you just want to say a friendly word, throw just want to say a friendly word, throw just want to say a friendly word, throw it down in the comments. I want to thank it down in the comments. I want to thank it down in the comments. I want to thank you so much for tuning in to Tony's you so much for tuning in to Tony's you so much for tuning in to Tony's Reviews today and God bless