Why am I always [music] in front of the Why am I always [music] in front of the Why am I always [music] in front of the whole whole whole like Can you show me Yowie? Can you show me Yowie? Can you show me Yowie? Yeah. Have you seen this one? [music] Have you seen this one? [music] Have you seen this one? [music] Yes, I have. World. Guys, it's time for a haul of Guys, it's time for a haul of Guys, it's time for a haul of everything. everything. everything. >> [music] >> I'm going to the mall and I've got my >> I'm going to the mall and I've got my >> I'm going to the mall and I've got my man's card. Today, I am basically going man's card. Today, I am basically going man's card. Today, I am basically going to be a sugar baby. So, I'm going to to be a sugar baby. So, I'm going to to be a sugar baby. So, I'm going to pretend like I'm shopping, like I'm back pretend like I'm shopping, like I'm back pretend like I'm shopping, like I'm back in the 2000s with the old Victoria's in the 2000s with the old Victoria's in the 2000s with the old Victoria's Secret and like when the malls were Secret and like when the malls were Secret and like when the malls were actually fun to go to when you'd get a actually fun to go to when you'd get a actually fun to go to when you'd get a little drink and you drink it. And like little drink and you drink it. And like little drink and you drink it. And like we're going to Barnes & Noble's. We're we're going to Barnes & Noble's. We're we're going to Barnes & Noble's. We're going to Sephora. We're going to going to Sephora. We're going to going to Sephora. We're going to Victoria's Secret. Oh my god. Also, Victoria's Secret. Oh my god. Also, Victoria's Secret. Oh my god. Also, we're going to go to Cheesecake Factory. we're going to go to Cheesecake Factory. we're going to go to Cheesecake Factory. Cheesecake Factory is like so 2000s Cheesecake Factory is like so 2000s Cheesecake Factory is like so 2000s Tuscan vibes. I love Cheesecake Factory Tuscan vibes. I love Cheesecake Factory Tuscan vibes. I love Cheesecake Factory and I haven't been in so long. I'm so and I haven't been in so long. I'm so and I haven't been in so long. I'm so excited. I have literally I haven't been excited. I have literally I haven't been excited. I have literally I haven't been shopping for like months. I've I haven't shopping for like months. I've I haven't shopping for like months. I've I haven't bought any new makeup this year and I bought any new makeup this year and I bought any new makeup this year and I haven't like restocked on anything. So, haven't like restocked on anything. So, haven't like restocked on anything. So, we're basically restocking all my makeup we're basically restocking all my makeup we're basically restocking all my makeup and getting all the makeup that has been and getting all the makeup that has been and getting all the makeup that has been on my wish list for so long and I've got on my wish list for so long and I've got on my wish list for so long and I've got such a 2000s fit on. I've got my vintage such a 2000s fit on. I've got my vintage such a 2000s fit on. I've got my vintage Halston Oh, it's also like super cold Halston Oh, it's also like super cold Halston Oh, it's also like super cold for some reason in California. It's been for some reason in California. It's been for some reason in California. It's been raining. I know like it's winter for a raining. I know like it's winter for a raining. I know like it's winter for a lot of people right now and there's like lot of people right now and there's like lot of people right now and there's like snowstorms and like trees are exploding, snowstorms and like trees are exploding, snowstorms and like trees are exploding, but California has literally been sunny but California has literally been sunny but California has literally been sunny and um can't relate like oh And I've got this super adorable little And I've got this super adorable little And I've got this super adorable little top and to make it even more 2000s I've top and to make it even more 2000s I've top and to make it even more 2000s I've got this gold coach bag cuz that's just got this gold coach bag cuz that's just got this gold coach bag cuz that's just like a screams 2000s. I don't know. like a screams 2000s. I don't know. like a screams 2000s. I don't know. Also, my mom said that this is fake. I Also, my mom said that this is fake. I Also, my mom said that this is fake. I thrifted it, so I don't care. You're not thrifted it, so I don't care. You're not thrifted it, so I don't care. You're not a fashion girl if you a fashion girl if you a fashion girl if you Actually, I can't say anything about Actually, I can't say anything about Actually, I can't say anything about that cuz it's like you can be a fashion that cuz it's like you can be a fashion that cuz it's like you can be a fashion girl however you want. Care if you want, girl however you want. Care if you want, girl however you want. Care if you want, but I don't. It's going to be like a but I don't. It's going to be like a but I don't. It's going to be like a girls shopping day like me and you. He's girls shopping day like me and you. He's girls shopping day like me and you. He's my the man is not going to be in the my the man is not going to be in the my the man is not going to be in the video. Okay, don't worry. That's scary. video. Okay, don't worry. That's scary. video. Okay, don't worry. That's scary. That's scary. Why is a man there? Don't That's scary. Why is a man there? Don't That's scary. Why is a man there? Don't worry. It's going to be me and you worry. It's going to be me and you worry. It's going to be me and you shopping together and using his card. shopping together and using his card. shopping together and using his card. Basically, sugar baby. I have this like Basically, sugar baby. I have this like Basically, sugar baby. I have this like entire list on my phone of the things entire list on my phone of the things entire list on my phone of the things that I need to get. that I need to get. that I need to get. Wait, what the [\h__\h] This is my entire Wait, what the [\h__\h] This is my entire Wait, what the [\h__\h] This is my entire list. Oh, that's it. It looks a little short, Oh, that's it. It looks a little short, Oh, that's it. It looks a little short, but like I swear it's so long. but like I swear it's so long. but like I swear it's so long. Got to make sure that we smell good. Got to make sure that we smell good. Got to make sure that we smell good. Oh my Oh my Oh my And I'm going to use vanilla cashmere on And I'm going to use vanilla cashmere on And I'm going to use vanilla cashmere on my hair. This is the outfit. We're driving right now and we're going We're driving right now and we're going We're driving right now and we're going to go to the MAC store. I think I'm to go to the MAC store. I think I'm to go to the MAC store. I think I'm going to spend the most at the MAC store going to spend the most at the MAC store going to spend the most at the MAC store because there's a lot of things that because there's a lot of things that because there's a lot of things that I've been wanting to get. I've been wanting to get. I've been wanting to get. Shut up. I'm I'm kind of scared to go to Shut up. I'm I'm kind of scared to go to Shut up. I'm I'm kind of scared to go to MAC because I know there's literally MAC because I know there's literally MAC because I know there's literally going to be one girl and they're like going to be one girl and they're like going to be one girl and they're like helping us the whole time and like kind helping us the whole time and like kind helping us the whole time and like kind of monitoring us and I don't really I of monitoring us and I don't really I of monitoring us and I don't really I hate that and I don't know. I just like hate that and I don't know. I just like hate that and I don't know. I just like have a lot of things to look at. I have have a lot of things to look at. I have have a lot of things to look at. I have like a lot of things to look at and I like a lot of things to look at and I like a lot of things to look at and I don't really want to be bothered. So, don't really want to be bothered. So, don't really want to be bothered. So, yeah, I'm a little scared that I won't yeah, I'm a little scared that I won't yeah, I'm a little scared that I won't be able to record in there either, too. >> [music] >> These are all the swatches that we did. >> These are all the swatches that we did. >> These are all the swatches that we did. I think I I'm going to restock on whirl cuz I lost I'm going to restock on whirl cuz I lost I'm going to restock on whirl cuz I lost that one. that one. that one. I lost this one. I lost this one. I lost this one. Whirl. Whirl. Whirl. >> [music] >> We secured the MAC bag. I'm not sure if >> We secured the MAC bag. I'm not sure if >> We secured the MAC bag. I'm not sure if I should do a haul at the end of the I should do a haul at the end of the I should do a haul at the end of the video or if I should just show you what video or if I should just show you what video or if I should just show you what I'm getting I'm getting I'm getting as I'm getting it. These are the ones as I'm getting it. These are the ones as I'm getting it. These are the ones that we got. This was so pretty that I that we got. This was so pretty that I that we got. This was so pretty that I just wanted it. It's a lip gloss in the just wanted it. It's a lip gloss in the just wanted it. It's a lip gloss in the shade dreamy. It's like sparkly and I shade dreamy. It's like sparkly and I shade dreamy. It's like sparkly and I kind of want to put it on right now. It's so sparkly and cute. I want to put It's so sparkly and cute. I want to put It's so sparkly and cute. I want to put on whirl right now cuz this is what I on whirl right now cuz this is what I on whirl right now cuz this is what I wanted to put on this morning, but I wanted to put on this morning, but I wanted to put on this morning, but I couldn't cuz I didn't have it. Whirl is couldn't cuz I didn't have it. Whirl is couldn't cuz I didn't have it. Whirl is genuinely the perfect shade color for genuinely the perfect shade color for genuinely the perfect shade color for me. I love when it's like fresh out the me. I love when it's like fresh out the me. I love when it's like fresh out the package and it's so sharp. package and it's so sharp. package and it's so sharp. And now we're going to head to Barnes & And now we're going to head to Barnes & And now we're going to head to Barnes & Noble's. And then there's the cafe there. Hi. Maybe I'll get a little movie, too or Did you not capture me saying that I Did you not capture me saying that I Did you not capture me saying that I wanted to read it? No, cuz I I remember wanted to read it? No, cuz I I remember wanted to read it? No, cuz I I remember thinking thinking thinking I'm about to beat this [\h__\h] up. Stop. I'm about to beat this [\h__\h] up. Stop. I'm about to beat this [\h__\h] up. Stop. Oh my god. We'll just redo it. Oh my god. We'll just redo it. Oh my god. We'll just redo it. >> Well, I said that I was thinking about >> Well, I said that I was thinking about >> Well, I said that I was thinking about getting the Harry Potter books cuz they getting the Harry Potter books cuz they getting the Harry Potter books cuz they seemed interesting seemed interesting seemed interesting to read and it's yeah. Are you going to to read and it's yeah. Are you going to to read and it's yeah. Are you going to capture me going all in the books? I'm capture me going all in the books? I'm capture me going all in the books? I'm showing the title. This guy does not showing the title. This guy does not showing the title. This guy does not know how to film. He didn't for this. know how to film. He didn't for this. know how to film. He didn't for this. He's getting everything in the world He's getting everything in the world He's getting everything in the world except for me. When did [music] you except for me. When did [music] you except for me. When did [music] you train me? I woke up and boom, I was a train me? I woke up and boom, I was a train me? I woke up and boom, I was a cameraman. SHUT YOUR [\h__\h] MOUTH. OKAY. OKAY. OKAY. I FEEL LIKE ALL OF THE BOOKS THAT I'm I FEEL LIKE ALL OF THE BOOKS THAT I'm I FEEL LIKE ALL OF THE BOOKS THAT I'm reading are just young adult. I'm too reading are just young adult. I'm too reading are just young adult. I'm too stupid to actually read something that's stupid to actually read something that's stupid to actually read something that's like like actually of substance. like like actually of substance. like like actually of substance. Like Twilight. Like Twilight and like Like Twilight. Like Twilight and like Like Twilight. Like Twilight and like Gossip Girl and like And he did rivalry. Gossip Girl and like And he did rivalry. Gossip Girl and like And he did rivalry. Yeah, I'm going to read that next. I'm Yeah, I'm going to read that next. I'm Yeah, I'm going to read that next. I'm looking for Pretty Little Liars. Oh looking for Pretty Little Liars. Oh looking for Pretty Little Liars. Oh wait, I think I just found it. No. wait, I think I just found it. No. wait, I think I just found it. No. That's not it. Pretty Little Liars Let's That's not it. Pretty Little Liars Let's That's not it. Pretty Little Liars Let's read CELESTIAL MONSTER. read CELESTIAL MONSTER. read CELESTIAL MONSTER. HEY, PRETTY LITTLE LIARS. HEY, PRETTY LITTLE LIARS. HEY, PRETTY LITTLE LIARS. THOSE ARE BOOKS IN SPANISH. THOSE ARE BOOKS IN SPANISH. THOSE ARE BOOKS IN SPANISH. OH. OH. OH. OH, OKAY. Look at this. Can we read OH, OKAY. Look at this. Can we read OH, OKAY. Look at this. Can we read this? this? this? I did not know they had Five Nights at I did not know they had Five Nights at I did not know they had Five Nights at Freddy's books. The official movie Freddy's books. The official movie Freddy's books. The official movie novel. novel. novel. Oh. Oh. Oh. Ew. Wait, what? This is not canon, is Ew. Wait, what? This is not canon, is Ew. Wait, what? This is not canon, is it? it? it? Not canon. Not canon. Not canon. I think the books are actually How is it I think the books are actually How is it I think the books are actually How is it canon if it's unofficial and just canon if it's unofficial and just canon if it's unofficial and just fan-made? This is not unofficial. It's fan-made? This is not unofficial. It's fan-made? This is not unofficial. It's by Scott Cawthon himself. Oh, okay. by Scott Cawthon himself. Oh, okay. by Scott Cawthon himself. Oh, okay. Yeah. I don't know anything about that. Yeah. I don't know anything about that. Yeah. I don't know anything about that. on We got the Gossip on We got the Gossip on We got the Gossip We got the Gossip Girl book. We got the Gossip Girl book. We got the Gossip Girl book. XOXO and they did not have Pretty Little XOXO and they did not have Pretty Little XOXO and they did not have Pretty Little Liars, unfortunately. Liars, unfortunately. Liars, unfortunately. >> [sighs] >> [sighs] >> [sighs] >> I'm probably not going to get this cuz >> I'm probably not going to get this cuz >> I'm probably not going to get this cuz the cover is so ugly. the cover is so ugly. the cover is so ugly. Poor them. Poor them. Poor them. They changed the freaking Wuthering They changed the freaking Wuthering They changed the freaking Wuthering Heights cover to this freaking [\h__\h] Heights cover to this freaking [\h__\h] Heights cover to this freaking [\h__\h] But I kind of Ew, I don't like that they But I kind of Ew, I don't like that they But I kind of Ew, I don't like that they have this on there. Anyways. Anyways. Anyways. We got the cutest little Totoro stuff. Ooh. I think we're going to look at this the I think we're going to look at this the I think we're going to look at this the DVDs now DVDs now DVDs now because I don't think there's anything because I don't think there's anything because I don't think there's anything that I'm going to get. I don't think I'm that I'm going to get. I don't think I'm that I'm going to get. I don't think I'm going to get this cuz I don't like the going to get this cuz I don't like the going to get this cuz I don't like the cover. cover. cover. And yeah. And yeah. And yeah. Hopefully, there's a little something in Hopefully, there's a little something in Hopefully, there's a little something in the test. the test. the test. I think if they have The Office, I want I think if they have The Office, I want I think if they have The Office, I want to get another season of The Office cuz to get another season of The Office cuz to get another season of The Office cuz I'm going through it like crazy. I'm going through it like crazy. I'm going through it like crazy. I don't know if they'll have it though. I don't know if they'll have it though. I don't know if they'll have it though. They probably won't. I'm in your favorite section. I'm in your favorite section. I'm in your favorite section. I recommend it. Oh my god. Dirty Deeds, I recommend it. Oh my god. Dirty Deeds, I recommend it. Oh my god. Dirty Deeds, really good. Oh, this one's even better. really good. Oh, this one's even better. really good. Oh, this one's even better. I formed a MILF party. Oh my gosh. with I formed a MILF party. Oh my gosh. with I formed a MILF party. Oh my gosh. with his mom. his mom. his mom. Wow. Wow. Wow. >> It's really good. >> It's really good. >> It's really good. Can you show me Yowie? Can you show me Yowie? Can you show me Yowie? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll just say that out loud. I'll just say that out loud. I'll just say that out loud. Come on. Come on. Come on. We're in his home. I kind of want to read this note cuz I kind of want to read this note cuz I kind of want to read this note cuz it's so far. Look at him. You should it's so far. Look at him. You should it's so far. Look at him. You should read it. The library has it. They do? read it. The library has it. They do? read it. The library has it. They do? Mhm. [\h__\h] What do you Check in the Mhm. [\h__\h] What do you Check in the Mhm. [\h__\h] What do you Check in the library every day? library every day? library every day? I wish I I wish I I wish I had the black. Guys, I don't think we're had the black. Guys, I don't think we're had the black. Guys, I don't think we're going to get anything. Dang it. I really going to get anything. Dang it. I really going to get anything. Dang it. I really wanted to get a little book and like get wanted to get a little book and like get wanted to get a little book and like get a little drink cuz usually sometimes a little drink cuz usually sometimes a little drink cuz usually sometimes they have like a little coupon after you they have like a little coupon after you they have like a little coupon after you buy something like for the cafe, but buy something like for the cafe, but buy something like for the cafe, but yeah. yeah. yeah. Not going to get anything. So, I think Not going to get anything. So, I think Not going to get anything. So, I think we're going to move on now. Dang it. we're going to move on now. Dang it. we're going to move on now. Dang it. I'll probably buy it online or something I'll probably buy it online or something I'll probably buy it online or something or go to the library to check it out. Perfect spot. Why am I always in front of the whole Why am I always in front of the whole Why am I always in front of the whole like like like You just have good taste like here. You don't choose. Okay. I did. I did. I did. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> You need it? Yeah. >> You need it? Yeah. >> You need it? Yeah. Hey. Hey. Hey. Yeah. yeah. Yeah. yeah. Yeah. yeah. Is this your son? Yeah, it's my son. Hey guys. Hey guys. Hey guys. You can't look at Barnes & Noble's You can't look at Barnes & Noble's You can't look at Barnes & Noble's without looking at the trinkets. Oh. Oh. Oh. Where you going? Where you going? Where you going? Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Oh, look at that. Excuse me. Oh, look at that. Excuse me. Oh, look at that. Excuse me. Why are you running? Why are you running? Why are you running? >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Okay, I decided to get um a drink here >> Okay, I decided to get um a drink here >> Okay, I decided to get um a drink here because I realized that they have the because I realized that they have the because I realized that they have the sugar cookie in this area in in Oh my sugar cookie in this area in in Oh my sugar cookie in this area in in Oh my god. I'm going to be careful. god. I'm going to be careful. god. I'm going to be careful. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Where we live, like all the Starbucks >> Where we live, like all the Starbucks >> Where we live, like all the Starbucks near there, they don't have sugar cookie near there, they don't have sugar cookie near there, they don't have sugar cookie anywhere, but they still have it here. anywhere, but they still have it here. anywhere, but they still have it here. So, I was like, okay, let me get a drink So, I was like, okay, let me get a drink So, I was like, okay, let me get a drink cuz the sugar cookie is so good, I cuz the sugar cookie is so good, I cuz the sugar cookie is so good, I swear. And Johnny got a pizza pretzel. I swear. And Johnny got a pizza pretzel. I swear. And Johnny got a pizza pretzel. I like the stuff that they have at Barnes like the stuff that they have at Barnes like the stuff that they have at Barnes & Noble's cuz they have like stuff that & Noble's cuz they have like stuff that & Noble's cuz they have like stuff that they don't have at regular Starbucks. they don't have at regular Starbucks. they don't have at regular Starbucks. >> They even have grilled cheese. I know. >> They even have grilled cheese. I know. >> They even have grilled cheese. I know. They have grilled cheese. They got like They have grilled cheese. They got like They have grilled cheese. They got like chocolate cake and stuff. It's crazy chocolate cake and stuff. It's crazy chocolate cake and stuff. It's crazy over here. Oh, it just looks so Yeah. Oh, it just looks so Yeah. Oh, it just looks so Yeah. pepper leaves in it. It smells good pepper leaves in it. It smells good pepper leaves in it. It smells good though. though. though. >> Mhm. >> Mhm. >> Mhm. I think it's really hot. Oh my god, it's so good. Is it? I told Oh my god, it's so good. Is it? I told Oh my god, it's so good. Is it? I told Yeah, I totally forgot what the flavor Yeah, I totally forgot what the flavor Yeah, I totally forgot what the flavor was like. He's not even focusing on the food. Oh. He's not even focusing on the food. Oh. He's not even focusing on the food. Oh. He's going to your phone. Oh my god. Go. He's going to your phone. Oh my god. Go. He's going to your phone. Oh my god. Go. Oh. It looks so yummy. Oh. It looks so yummy. Oh. It looks so yummy. What is this, an ad? I didn't get copyrighted. Oh, we got our I didn't get copyrighted. Oh, we got our I didn't get copyrighted. Oh, we got our little drink and snack from Starbucks little drink and snack from Starbucks little drink and snack from Starbucks and now we're going to go to the mall and now we're going to go to the mall and now we're going to go to the mall and do the real shopping. I'm excited and do the real shopping. I'm excited and do the real shopping. I'm excited cuz we're also going to get Cheesecake cuz we're also going to get Cheesecake cuz we're also going to get Cheesecake Factory there. And the Cheesecake Factory there. And the Cheesecake Factory there. And the Cheesecake Factory is so Tuscan vibes. I love it in Factory is so Tuscan vibes. I love it in Factory is so Tuscan vibes. I love it in there and I want a diet Coke so bad. And there and I want a diet Coke so bad. And there and I want a diet Coke so bad. And I might get some calamari. I don't know I might get some calamari. I don't know I might get some calamari. I don't know if I can handle that at the moment cuz if I can handle that at the moment cuz if I can handle that at the moment cuz my wisdom teeth are still healing. I'll my wisdom teeth are still healing. I'll my wisdom teeth are still healing. I'll see you guys at the mall. see you guys at the mall. see you guys at the mall. We're at the mall now and me and Johnny We're at the mall now and me and Johnny We're at the mall now and me and Johnny were having a conversation actually were having a conversation actually were having a conversation actually about whether it's okay for guys to about whether it's okay for guys to about whether it's okay for guys to thirst [clears throat] trap or not. And thirst [clears throat] trap or not. And thirst [clears throat] trap or not. And we both think it's weird if guys like we both think it's weird if guys like we both think it's weird if guys like thirst trap and like take photos of thirst trap and like take photos of thirst trap and like take photos of themselves and stuff, but like it's okay themselves and stuff, but like it's okay themselves and stuff, but like it's okay if girls do it. It's I don't know. What if girls do it. It's I don't know. What if girls do it. It's I don't know. What was your opinion, Johnny? It just it's was your opinion, Johnny? It just it's was your opinion, Johnny? It just it's just wrong. It's just wrong. just wrong. It's just wrong. just wrong. It's just wrong. >> don't think it's something like you're >> don't think it's something like you're >> don't think it's something like you're taking time out of your day and you're taking time out of your day and you're taking time out of your day and you're like, let me take some pics real quick. like, let me take some pics real quick. like, let me take some pics real quick. Yeah, I would never date a guy that Yeah, I would never date a guy that Yeah, I would never date a guy that takes pics of himself and like has a takes pics of himself and like has a takes pics of himself and like has a dedicated Instagram or like a TikTok dedicated Instagram or like a TikTok dedicated Instagram or like a TikTok page of just himself thirst trapping and page of just himself thirst trapping and page of just himself thirst trapping and like taking hot selfies. Like that's and like taking hot selfies. Like that's and like taking hot selfies. Like that's and especially if he has a high following especially if he has a high following especially if he has a high following account. That's something you want to account. That's something you want to account. That's something you want to avoid, ladies. Okay. avoid, ladies. Okay. avoid, ladies. Okay. Fine dining for the sugar baby. For the Fine dining for the sugar baby. For the Fine dining for the sugar baby. For the skinnylicious. skinnylicious. skinnylicious. >> Johnny's here for that skinnylicious >> Johnny's here for that skinnylicious >> Johnny's here for that skinnylicious menu. We're going to get Cheesecake menu. We're going to get Cheesecake menu. We're going to get Cheesecake Factory before going in because I don't Factory before going in because I don't Factory before going in because I don't want to go in there with all of my bags. want to go in there with all of my bags. want to go in there with all of my bags. >> [laughter] >> Okay, we have our pennies and we're >> Okay, we have our pennies and we're >> Okay, we have our pennies and we're going to wish going to wish going to wish for something. Okay. No guns, so make sure you don't have No guns, so make sure you don't have No guns, so make sure you don't have your stuff. your stuff. your stuff. >> okay. I'll make sure. This is how the cheese is. Ooh, yum. I This is how the cheese is. Ooh, yum. I This is how the cheese is. Ooh, yum. I said pizza. This is so good. Triple said pizza. This is so good. Triple said pizza. This is so good. Triple berry blast. berry blast. berry blast. Recording. I'm recording now. Recording. I'm recording now. Recording. I'm recording now. >> Okay, we're at the Cheesecake Factory. >> Okay, we're at the Cheesecake Factory. >> Okay, we're at the Cheesecake Factory. Yes. I'm excited. We're also going to Yes. I'm excited. We're also going to Yes. I'm excited. We're also going to get a little cheesecake because I've get a little cheesecake because I've get a little cheesecake because I've been craving one since yesterday. Guys, cheesecake's where it's at. Yes, Guys, cheesecake's where it's at. Yes, Guys, cheesecake's where it's at. Yes, people say don't take your girl to people say don't take your girl to people say don't take your girl to cheesecake. People People have such a cheesecake. People People have such a cheesecake. People People have such a problem with Cheesecake Factory for some problem with Cheesecake Factory for some problem with Cheesecake Factory for some reason. Like, oh, if you he takes you to reason. Like, oh, if you he takes you to reason. Like, oh, if you he takes you to Cheesecake Factory on the first date, Cheesecake Factory on the first date, Cheesecake Factory on the first date, like he's not the one, but he is the one like he's not the one, but he is the one like he's not the one, but he is the one actually cuz he knows where it's at. This looks so good. The baked brie with This looks so good. The baked brie with This looks so good. The baked brie with truffle honey butter has warm [music] truffle honey butter has warm [music] truffle honey butter has warm [music] bread and baked brie cheese. That sounds bread and baked brie cheese. That sounds bread and baked brie cheese. That sounds so good. I haven't been to Cheesecake so good. I haven't been to Cheesecake so good. I haven't been to Cheesecake Factory in so long and their menu is so Factory in so long and their menu is so Factory in so long and their menu is so big, but usually I get the grilled steak big, but usually I get the grilled steak big, but usually I get the grilled steak medallions. medallions. medallions. These are so good, but I'm not sure if I These are so good, but I'm not sure if I These are so good, but I'm not sure if I want to get that or the pasta. want to get that or the pasta. want to get that or the pasta. Those are tall glasses. Mhm. Those are tall glasses. Mhm. Those are tall glasses. Mhm. I know. I know. I know. Yes, my diet Coke. I know that's what I like, sweet. I know that's what I like, sweet. I know that's what I like, sweet. >> Ooh, I've been Oh my god. I've been >> Ooh, I've been Oh my god. I've been >> Ooh, I've been Oh my god. I've been craving diet Coke so bad. craving diet Coke so bad. craving diet Coke so bad. Look at that. This is the baked brie. Look at that. This is the baked brie. Look at that. This is the baked brie. That looks so good. You want to ask for some bread? You want to ask for some bread? You want to ask for some bread? >> It has the vinaigrette already on it. Just ate cheesecake and Just ate cheesecake and Just ate cheesecake and our waitress she was literally the our waitress she was literally the our waitress she was literally the nicest ever. I feel like Cheesecake nicest ever. I feel like Cheesecake nicest ever. I feel like Cheesecake Factory workers, they put in overtime. Factory workers, they put in overtime. Factory workers, they put in overtime. They literally do do it so good. Like They literally do do it so good. Like They literally do do it so good. Like they're the nicest people ever. We're they're the nicest people ever. We're they're the nicest people ever. We're going to go shopping now. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> I don't know. Face mask too because I >> I don't know. Face mask too because I >> I don't know. Face mask too because I don't have any. Where to make up? Oh, don't have any. Where to make up? Oh, don't have any. Where to make up? Oh, wait. They have We Bare Bear face masks. They have We Bare Bear face masks. They have We Bare Bear face masks. Okay. Oh, here's the makeup. Okay. Oh, here's the makeup. Okay. Oh, here's the makeup. Ooh, look at these little lashes. Ooh, look at these little lashes. Ooh, look at these little lashes. Oh, some nails. Oh, some nails. Oh, some nails. Oh, they have a bunch of little nails. Oh, they have a bunch of little nails. Oh, they have a bunch of little nails. We found the makeup. This is the We found the makeup. This is the We found the makeup. This is the >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> the brand that I like. >> the brand that I like. >> the brand that I like. I think it was I think it was I think it was I would get this I would get this I would get this dark brown one. Dark brown one was so dark brown one. Dark brown one was so dark brown one. Dark brown one was so good and I wanted a black one, too. It seems like we don't have the Oh my It seems like we don't have the Oh my It seems like we don't have the Oh my god, there's the music's hella loud. This is Zara. This is what we're This is Zara. This is what we're This is Zara. This is what we're capturing. Yeah. The dying mall. Going capturing. Yeah. The dying mall. Going capturing. Yeah. The dying mall. Going to Sephora now. [music] to Sephora now. [music] to Sephora now. [music] And I have my list of things I don't know what's broken. I think the I don't know what's broken. I think the I don't know what's broken. I think the one that I really liked last time was one that I really liked last time was one that I really liked last time was this one. this one. this one. That's a pretty color. But I'm pretty That's a pretty color. But I'm pretty That's a pretty color. But I'm pretty sure the one I liked was fresh. Let's sure the one I liked was fresh. Let's sure the one I liked was fresh. Let's try this. try this. try this. Blush seems good, too. Blush seems good, too. Blush seems good, too. No, they don't have fresh. No, they don't have fresh. No, they don't have fresh. Johnny, why do they I'm kind of scared cuz it seems like a I'm kind of scared cuz it seems like a I'm kind of scared cuz it seems like a lot of stuff they don't have. I'm scared lot of stuff they don't have. I'm scared lot of stuff they don't have. I'm scared that the shopping spree is going to be that the shopping spree is going to be that the shopping spree is going to be bad bad bad because I don't cuz it seems like a lot because I don't cuz it seems like a lot because I don't cuz it seems like a lot of stuff is gone. So, we have to look into to like the So, we have to look into to like the So, we have to look into to like the little things in there. little things in there. little things in there. But yeah, I'm going to keep shopping. I'm not sure if I should get this or I'm not sure if I should get this or I'm not sure if I should get this or not. not. not. I've been wanting one of these like I've been wanting one of these like I've been wanting one of these like little Dior palettes for so long, little Dior palettes for so long, little Dior palettes for so long, but I'm like, do I need it though? Warm but I'm like, do I need it though? Warm but I'm like, do I need it though? Warm tone one or the cool tone one? tone one or the cool tone one? tone one or the cool tone one? I think I might get it cuz they're out I think I might get it cuz they're out I think I might get it cuz they're out of like a lot of stuff that I want, so of like a lot of stuff that I want, so of like a lot of stuff that I want, so I'm like, might as well get it. Wait, I'm like, might as well get it. Wait, I'm like, might as well get it. Wait, imagine they don't have it. Now I don't know what to do. Now you Now I don't know what to do. Now you Now I don't know what to do. Now you don't know what to do. Okay, cute. Guys, why is every store like out of all Guys, why is every store like out of all Guys, why is every store like out of all the things that we want? I think I know the things that we want? I think I know the things that we want? I think I know why malls are dying now. It's it's why malls are dying now. It's it's why malls are dying now. It's it's because everything that we wanted is not because everything that we wanted is not because everything that we wanted is not there. We went into Bath & Body Works there. We went into Bath & Body Works there. We went into Bath & Body Works for the strawberry pound cake and they for the strawberry pound cake and they for the strawberry pound cake and they didn't have it. The most popular one. didn't have it. The most popular one. didn't have it. The most popular one. Guys, make sure you have the most your Guys, make sure you have the most your Guys, make sure you have the most your most popular item. This is why every most popular item. This is why every most popular item. This is why every damn store is shutting down and this why damn store is shutting down and this why damn store is shutting down and this why nobody is going to the malls anymore. nobody is going to the malls anymore. nobody is going to the malls anymore. Where are we going now? Uh the Where are we going now? Uh the Where are we going now? Uh the Victoria's Secret's upstairs. Okay. Victoria's Secret's upstairs. Okay. Victoria's Secret's upstairs. Okay. Anyways, just got out of Sephora. Anyways, just got out of Sephora. Anyways, just got out of Sephora. We actually spent more at Sephora than We actually spent more at Sephora than We actually spent more at Sephora than we than I thought I would. So, we're we than I thought I would. So, we're we than I thought I would. So, we're going to Victoria's Secret. Hopefully going to Victoria's Secret. Hopefully going to Victoria's Secret. Hopefully that makes me feel better. that makes me feel better. that makes me feel better. I'm excited for Victoria's Secret I'm excited for Victoria's Secret I'm excited for Victoria's Secret though, actually. The vibe in there is though, actually. The vibe in there is though, actually. The vibe in there is just so perfect and I feel so girly and just so perfect and I feel so girly and just so perfect and I feel so girly and feminine. feminine. feminine. I love it in Victoria's Secret. Yippee. Hi guys. Hi. Hi guys. Hi. Hi guys. Hi. Doing well yourself? Good, thanks. Doing well yourself? Good, thanks. Doing well yourself? Good, thanks. Ooh, they got new sleeping shorts. No, I think I'm okay for now. Oh. No, I think I'm okay for now. Oh. No, I think I'm okay for now. Oh. >> I was looking for a little lanyard. >> I was looking for a little lanyard. >> I was looking for a little lanyard. Yeah. This little dog is so cute. Should Yeah. This little dog is so cute. Should Yeah. This little dog is so cute. Should I get this for my keys? I get this for my keys? I get this for my keys? >> So cute. Oh, I should have gotten a >> So cute. Oh, I should have gotten a >> So cute. Oh, I should have gotten a little basket. Mhm. Do they have some little basket. Mhm. Do they have some little basket. Mhm. Do they have some fun? Ooh, fun? Ooh, fun? Ooh, look at these socks, too. Those are so look at these socks, too. Those are so look at these socks, too. Those are so cute. These ones. They give me like cute. These ones. They give me like cute. These ones. They give me like vintage vintage vintage cuz like the scrunching right here, cuz like the scrunching right here, cuz like the scrunching right here, that's cute, honestly. They're cool. You you to go get a basket? you? You you to go get a basket? you? You you to go get a basket? you? Yes. All right. Here you go. Here you Yes. All right. Here you go. Here you Yes. All right. Here you go. Here you go. go. go. This is what I came for. This is what I came for. This is what I came for. Cute. Rich honey. Rich honey. Rich honey. Warm and cozy. Warm and cozy. Warm and cozy. Please tell me they have it. I'm so Please tell me they have it. I'm so Please tell me they have it. I'm so scared because I didn't see the brown scared because I didn't see the brown scared because I didn't see the brown sugar one. I came for the brown sugar sugar one. I came for the brown sugar sugar one. I came for the brown sugar scent, but it was like all the way down scent, but it was like all the way down scent, but it was like all the way down there. So, I was scared they didn't have there. So, I was scared they didn't have there. So, I was scared they didn't have it. But yeah, I want to smell this again it. But yeah, I want to smell this again it. But yeah, I want to smell this again to make sure that I like it. to make sure that I like it. to make sure that I like it. Yes. Yes. Yes. I want to make sure you got my I want to make sure you got my I want to make sure you got my attention now. attention now. attention now. Mhm. That smells so good. Mhm. That smells so good. Mhm. That smells so good. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Smells like cookies. Smells like cookies. Smells like cookies. >> Mhm. >> Mhm. >> Mhm. That's really good. Okay, I'm That's really good. Okay, I'm That's really good. Okay, I'm definitely getting one of these. And also And also And also buttery sugary. That's This one's brown buttery sugary. That's This one's brown buttery sugary. That's This one's brown [music] sugar. I swear they had a scent [music] sugar. I swear they had a scent [music] sugar. I swear they had a scent of this one, but they must have ran out. of this one, but they must have ran out. of this one, but they must have ran out. Want to smell this. Want to smell this. Want to smell this. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I don't really like to buy lotions cuz I I don't really like to buy lotions cuz I I don't really like to buy lotions cuz I don't even wear it. don't even wear it. don't even wear it. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yes. Smell this. Yes. Smell this. Yes. Smell this. >> Buttery sugar? Yeah. It was either I >> Buttery sugar? Yeah. It was either I >> Buttery sugar? Yeah. It was either I smelled brown sugar or buttery sugar. smelled brown sugar or buttery sugar. smelled brown sugar or buttery sugar. >> I don't know. Brown sugar is kind of >> I don't know. Brown sugar is kind of >> I don't know. Brown sugar is kind of hard to beat. Yeah. I'm not sure about this one. Can you I'm not sure about this one. Can you I'm not sure about this one. Can you smell it? smell it? smell it? No. Okay, yeah. The brown sugar is way No. Okay, yeah. The brown sugar is way No. Okay, yeah. The brown sugar is way better. better. better. >> A lot. I feel like a lot of the >> A lot. I feel like a lot of the >> A lot. I feel like a lot of the Victoria's Secret scents, like the Victoria's Secret scents, like the Victoria's Secret scents, like the vanilla, it's like coconuty. I don't vanilla, it's like coconuty. I don't vanilla, it's like coconuty. I don't want coconut in my vanilla. I want want coconut in my vanilla. I want want coconut in my vanilla. I want vanilla vanilla. vanilla vanilla. vanilla vanilla. You know what I mean? Like when you open You know what I mean? Like when you open You know what I mean? Like when you open up a vanilla extract bottle, you smell up a vanilla extract bottle, you smell up a vanilla extract bottle, you smell it, that's the vanilla that I want. Not it, that's the vanilla that I want. Not it, that's the vanilla that I want. Not coconut. coconut. coconut. I I would buy coconut. I I would buy coconut. I I would buy coconut. Perfect. They've got some new food Perfect. They've got some new food Perfect. They've got some new food covers. You guys doing okay in here? Yeah. Thank You guys doing okay in here? Yeah. Thank You guys doing okay in here? Yeah. Thank you. you. you. I like the leopard print one. I like the leopard print one. I like the leopard print one. But I wish that this part was black, But I wish that this part was black, But I wish that this part was black, too. Mhm. Cuz I don't like too. Mhm. Cuz I don't like too. Mhm. Cuz I don't like I'm like that. I'm like that. I'm like that. I've been looking for a little lanyard I've been looking for a little lanyard I've been looking for a little lanyard for my keys. for my keys. for my keys. So, I might get one of these. I like the stripes. I like the stripes. I like the stripes. I saw they had a black one. This one's I saw they had a black one. This one's I saw they had a black one. This one's cute. cute. cute. Spiced vanilla cream. Iced. Iced. Iced. Spiced horchata. Spiced horchata. Spiced horchata. Vanilla swirl. All these are open. Guys, it's time for a haul of everything Guys, it's time for a haul of everything Guys, it's time for a haul of everything that we got. Mostly got a bunch of that we got. Mostly got a bunch of that we got. Mostly got a bunch of makeup. makeup. makeup. I feel like it looks like that I didn't I feel like it looks like that I didn't I feel like it looks like that I didn't get a lot, but I swear that I did get a lot, but I swear that I did get a lot, but I swear that I did because this little bag holds like over because this little bag holds like over because this little bag holds like over a hundred dollars worth of product in a hundred dollars worth of product in a hundred dollars worth of product in it. Like why does it look like so small? it. Like why does it look like so small? it. Like why does it look like so small? I feel like I should be getting like a I feel like I should be getting like a I feel like I should be getting like a big bag, you know? The haul looks small, big bag, you know? The haul looks small, big bag, you know? The haul looks small, but it's big. I swear. I'm honestly but it's big. I swear. I'm honestly but it's big. I swear. I'm honestly still a little bit sad that [music] we still a little bit sad that [music] we still a little bit sad that [music] we didn't get anything from Barnes & Noble. didn't get anything from Barnes & Noble. didn't get anything from Barnes & Noble. It's so weird that a lot of places were It's so weird that a lot of places were It's so weird that a lot of places were out of stuff. Like how? It's your job to out of stuff. Like how? It's your job to out of stuff. Like how? It's your job to Okay, whatever. I'm not going to sound Okay, whatever. I'm not going to sound Okay, whatever. I'm not going to sound like a freaking Karen, but like this is like a freaking Karen, but like this is like a freaking Karen, but like this is why malls are dying, like I said before. why malls are dying, like I said before. why malls are dying, like I said before. Cuz why is everything out of stock? I Cuz why is everything out of stock? I Cuz why is everything out of stock? I don't I don't get it. I don't get it. It don't I don't get it. I don't get it. It don't I don't get it. I don't get it. It was dead in there, which I'm glad was dead in there, which I'm glad was dead in there, which I'm glad because I was able to record, but also because I was able to record, but also because I was able to record, but also like what happened to going to [music] like what happened to going to [music] like what happened to going to [music] malls for fun? Like going to malls after malls for fun? Like going to malls after malls for fun? Like going to malls after school, the art of shopping, okay? It's school, the art of shopping, okay? It's school, the art of shopping, okay? It's an art form. So, we couldn't get an art form. So, we couldn't get an art form. So, we couldn't get anything from Barnes & Nobles and we anything from Barnes & Nobles and we anything from Barnes & Nobles and we couldn't get anything from Bath & Body couldn't get anything from Bath & Body couldn't get anything from Bath & Body Works. I was literally just going to get Works. I was literally just going to get Works. I was literally just going to get that little car thing. It smells so that little car thing. It smells so that little car thing. It smells so good. Please get that. It's so amazing. good. Please get that. It's so amazing. good. Please get that. It's so amazing. What should we start with? I think I What should we start with? I think I What should we start with? I think I might do Victoria's Secret in the might do Victoria's Secret in the might do Victoria's Secret in the middle. I'll do middle. I'll do middle. I'll do MAC first. We got a bunch of lip stuff MAC first. We got a bunch of lip stuff MAC first. We got a bunch of lip stuff from MAC. For the lip liners, I got from MAC. For the lip liners, I got from MAC. For the lip liners, I got Sweet Talk, which I'm wearing right now, Sweet Talk, which I'm wearing right now, Sweet Talk, which I'm wearing right now, and I got Whirl because I keep losing and I got Whirl because I keep losing and I got Whirl because I keep losing it, and I got a lipstick in the shade it, and I got a lipstick in the shade it, and I got a lipstick in the shade Gel. The shade is so pretty. I don't Gel. The shade is so pretty. I don't Gel. The shade is so pretty. I don't know if it's going to show up on my know if it's going to show up on my know if it's going to show up on my hand, but like it's like shimmery. hand, but like it's like shimmery. hand, but like it's like shimmery. Girl, you can't see it. [music] There Girl, you can't see it. [music] There Girl, you can't see it. [music] There you go. It's like a shimmery color. I you go. It's like a shimmery color. I you go. It's like a shimmery color. I love it. Then I got this beautiful lip love it. Then I got this beautiful lip love it. Then I got this beautiful lip gloss. Look at that. This shade is gloss. Look at that. This shade is gloss. Look at that. This shade is dreamy. Like I literally could not get dreamy. Like I literally could not get dreamy. Like I literally could not get [music] this. I couldn't not get this. [music] this. I couldn't not get this. [music] this. I couldn't not get this. I'm not even a lip gloss girl. I don't I'm not even a lip gloss girl. I don't I'm not even a lip gloss girl. I don't like lip gloss. I like the sleek satin like lip gloss. I like the sleek satin like lip gloss. I like the sleek satin lipsticks, but I I like like a creamy lipsticks, but I I like like a creamy lipsticks, but I I like like a creamy lipstick, but like a gloss is sometimes lipstick, but like a gloss is sometimes lipstick, but like a gloss is sometimes like it's too much for me cuz it gets in like it's too much for me cuz it gets in like it's too much for me cuz it gets in your hair and stuff, but this was just your hair and stuff, but this was just your hair and stuff, but this was just so beautiful, so cute and glittery. so beautiful, so cute and glittery. so beautiful, so cute and glittery. I'm obsessed. And then I got this little I'm obsessed. And then I got this little I'm obsessed. And then I got this little crayon, the dazzle crayon, so you can crayon, the dazzle crayon, so you can crayon, the dazzle crayon, so you can put it on your lips or your eyes and put it on your lips or your eyes and put it on your lips or your eyes and stuff. I think I have a swatch of it stuff. I think I have a swatch of it stuff. I think I have a swatch of it ready [music] right there. ready [music] right there. ready [music] right there. It's like shimmery cute. That is all It's like shimmery cute. That is all It's like shimmery cute. That is all that I got from MAC because I had a lot that I got from MAC because I had a lot that I got from MAC because I had a lot initially. It looks different in person, initially. It looks different in person, initially. It looks different in person, which is why I'm glad to go in person which is why I'm glad to go in person which is why I'm glad to go in person instead of online. [\h__\h] my battery is instead of online. [\h__\h] my battery is instead of online. [\h__\h] my battery is running out. Also, I just want to say my running out. Also, I just want to say my running out. Also, I just want to say my boobs look really [\h__\h] good today. boobs look really [\h__\h] good today. boobs look really [\h__\h] good today. Like today my boobs looked the best they Like today my boobs looked the best they Like today my boobs looked the best they have ever looked. I know you guys are have ever looked. I know you guys are have ever looked. I know you guys are looking. looking. looking. How does it feel being caught? How does it feel being caught? How does it feel being caught? How does it feel? I know y'all were How does it feel? I know y'all were How does it feel? I know y'all were looking, but they do look good. They looking, but they do look good. They looking, but they do look good. They look really [\h__\h] good today. And I look really [\h__\h] good today. And I look really [\h__\h] good today. And I think like I've gained weight, so that's think like I've gained weight, so that's think like I've gained weight, so that's why my tits look humongous, too. why my tits look humongous, too. why my tits look humongous, too. Anyways, here's what I got at Sephora. Anyways, here's what I got at Sephora. Anyways, here's what I got at Sephora. I'm a little bit sad because the one I'm a little bit sad because the one I'm a little bit sad because the one thing that I came for that I literally thing that I came for that I literally thing that I came for that I literally waited months to get was not [music] waited months to get was not [music] waited months to get was not [music] there. there. there. I don't even care, but since they didn't I don't even care, but since they didn't I don't even care, but since they didn't have some of the things I was going to have some of the things I was going to have some of the things I was going to get, I decided to splurge get, I decided to splurge get, I decided to splurge and get and get and get the Dior Backstage palette, the iconic the Dior Backstage palette, the iconic the Dior Backstage palette, the iconic Pinterest Pinterest Pinterest palette. And I haven't even opened it up palette. And I haven't even opened it up palette. And I haven't even opened it up yet. Look. It's shiny. It's reflective. yet. Look. It's shiny. It's reflective. yet. Look. It's shiny. It's reflective. This is so bougie. This [\h__\h] was This is so bougie. This [\h__\h] was This is so bougie. This [\h__\h] was fifty-five dollars. Without this fifty-five dollars. Without this fifty-five dollars. Without this palette, I would have spent more at MAC palette, I would have spent more at MAC palette, I would have spent more at MAC than at Sephora. I really did think I than at Sephora. I really did think I than at Sephora. I really did think I was going to spend more at MAC. I was going to spend more at MAC. I was going to spend more at MAC. I thought I was going to spend like three thought I was going to spend like three thought I was going to spend like three hundred dollars at MAC, but some of the hundred dollars at MAC, but some of the hundred dollars at MAC, but some of the stuff turned out to be not as cute in stuff turned out to be not as cute in stuff turned out to be not as cute in person. How the hell do I open this? person. How the hell do I open this? person. How the hell do I open this? First time unboxing. First time unboxing. First time unboxing. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Look at >> Look at >> Look at this. this. this. Now that I have my nails, too. Now that I have my nails, too. Now that I have my nails, too. Oh my god, it's so pretty. Oh my god, it's so pretty. Oh my god, it's so pretty. This is the iconic Pinterest on This is the iconic Pinterest on This is the iconic Pinterest on everyone's Pinterest board makeup everyone's Pinterest board makeup everyone's Pinterest board makeup palette. Oh my god, it's so beautiful. I palette. Oh my god, it's so beautiful. I palette. Oh my god, it's so beautiful. I love the colors. I feel like a makeup love the colors. I feel like a makeup love the colors. I feel like a makeup look with all these colors in it. I look with all these colors in it. I look with all these colors in it. I literally I'm so obsessed. It's so cute literally I'm so obsessed. It's so cute literally I'm so obsessed. It's so cute and bougie bougie. Just aesthetic. It's and bougie bougie. Just aesthetic. It's and bougie bougie. Just aesthetic. It's so aesthetic. Like I'm I don't want to so aesthetic. Like I'm I don't want to so aesthetic. Like I'm I don't want to even want to use it because it's so even want to use it because it's so even want to use it because it's so cute. This makes me so happy. Now I can cute. This makes me so happy. Now I can cute. This makes me so happy. Now I can put this [\h__\h] in my thumbnails without put this [\h__\h] in my thumbnails without put this [\h__\h] in my thumbnails without it just being clickbait. I actually I it just being clickbait. I actually I it just being clickbait. I actually I actually got it. I got this heat actually got it. I got this heat actually got it. I got this heat protectant spray. I'm going to be trying protectant spray. I'm going to be trying protectant spray. I'm going to be trying it out. I don't know if it's good, but I it out. I don't know if it's good, but I it out. I don't know if it's good, but I heard it's good. I don't even know what heard it's good. I don't even know what heard it's good. I don't even know what I've heard about this. It could be bad. I've heard about this. It could be bad. I've heard about this. It could be bad. I could have actually heard that it's I could have actually heard that it's I could have actually heard that it's bad and thought it I thought I heard I bad and thought it I thought I heard I bad and thought it I thought I heard I don't know. I just keep seeing it don't know. I just keep seeing it don't know. I just keep seeing it everywhere and I'm like, "Okay, I guess everywhere and I'm like, "Okay, I guess everywhere and I'm like, "Okay, I guess I buy it now." Just feel like the one I buy it now." Just feel like the one I buy it now." Just feel like the one that I've been using is not doing [\h__\h] that I've been using is not doing [\h__\h] that I've been using is not doing [\h__\h] cuz why is my hair falling out? Got this cuz why is my hair falling out? Got this cuz why is my hair falling out? Got this and it's the extra big. It's extra big. and it's the extra big. It's extra big. and it's the extra big. It's extra big. A size matters. We got this Makeup A size matters. We got this Makeup A size matters. We got this Makeup Forever little white liner. I wanted to Forever little white liner. I wanted to Forever little white liner. I wanted to use it for like my inner corners to use it for like my inner corners to use it for like my inner corners to highlight it more. And then lastly, I highlight it more. And then lastly, I highlight it more. And then lastly, I got I just refilled on my baking setting got I just refilled on my baking setting got I just refilled on my baking setting powder. powder. powder. The Huda Beauty one is my favorite one. The Huda Beauty one is my favorite one. The Huda Beauty one is my favorite one. I have tried the Fit Me powder. That I have tried the Fit Me powder. That I have tried the Fit Me powder. That shit's not good. I don't know who is shit's not good. I don't know who is shit's not good. I don't know who is spreading this misinformation, but that spreading this misinformation, but that spreading this misinformation, but that [\h__\h] was so cakey and bad. Y'all Y'all [\h__\h] was so cakey and bad. Y'all Y'all [\h__\h] was so cakey and bad. Y'all Y'all are probably like, "You shouldn't even are probably like, "You shouldn't even are probably like, "You shouldn't even be talking, bitch." I I don't know. It be talking, bitch." I I don't know. It be talking, bitch." I I don't know. It just didn't work for me, but this one it just didn't work for me, but this one it just didn't work for me, but this one it worked pretty well and I really like it. worked pretty well and I really like it. worked pretty well and I really like it. And I need to show you guys what I got And I need to show you guys what I got And I need to show you guys what I got at Miniso. Pretty sure you know what I at Miniso. Pretty sure you know what I at Miniso. Pretty sure you know what I got. I got these two eyeliners. They are got. I got these two eyeliners. They are got. I got these two eyeliners. They are felt tip liners, but I usually get the felt tip liners, but I usually get the felt tip liners, but I usually get the pencil one. They didn't have the pencil pencil one. They didn't have the pencil pencil one. They didn't have the pencil one. Once again, they don't they don't one. Once again, they don't they don't one. Once again, they don't they don't have the things that I want. So, yeah. I have the things that I want. So, yeah. I have the things that I want. So, yeah. I just got the felt tip ones cuz I'm like, just got the felt tip ones cuz I'm like, just got the felt tip ones cuz I'm like, "Okay, whatever." I like pencil a lot "Okay, whatever." I like pencil a lot "Okay, whatever." I like pencil a lot better because I really like to get the better because I really like to get the better because I really like to get the [\h__\h] in there in my inner corners and [\h__\h] in there in my inner corners and [\h__\h] in there in my inner corners and like do that [\h__\h] [\h__\h] But I'm like do that [\h__\h] [\h__\h] But I'm like do that [\h__\h] [\h__\h] But I'm trying out these cuz I'm like, "Okay, I trying out these cuz I'm like, "Okay, I trying out these cuz I'm like, "Okay, I need something." And I really like this need something." And I really like this need something." And I really like this brand. It's an It's like a Asian brand brand. It's an It's like a Asian brand brand. It's an It's like a Asian brand and I feel like it's really good for me and I feel like it's really good for me and I feel like it's really good for me because I'm half Asian and it stays on. because I'm half Asian and it stays on. because I'm half Asian and it stays on. I have the mascara and that [\h__\h] is so I have the mascara and that [\h__\h] is so I have the mascara and that [\h__\h] is so waterproof. I will literally go in the waterproof. I will literally go in the waterproof. I will literally go in the shower and my mascara is not gone at shower and my mascara is not gone at shower and my mascara is not gone at all. It's literally still on there. Last all. It's literally still on there. Last all. It's literally still on there. Last but not least are Victoria's Secret. but not least are Victoria's Secret. but not least are Victoria's Secret. Okay, this Okay, this Okay, this These are so [snorts] cute. These are so [snorts] cute. These are so [snorts] cute. Like why is everything Like why is everything Like why is everything like so color coordinated actually in my like so color coordinated actually in my like so color coordinated actually in my Victoria's Secret haul. I got a bunch of Victoria's Secret haul. I got a bunch of Victoria's Secret haul. I got a bunch of little lip glosses. These are all the little lip glosses. These are all the little lip glosses. These are all the lip glosses that I got. This color was lip glosses that I got. This color was lip glosses that I got. This color was so cute. It's Candy Baby. It's like the so cute. It's Candy Baby. It's like the so cute. It's Candy Baby. It's like the perfect cute like baby pink. This one is perfect cute like baby pink. This one is perfect cute like baby pink. This one is like a shimmery one. And this one it's a like a shimmery one. And this one it's a like a shimmery one. And this one it's a gingerbread lip. It's kind of brown. gingerbread lip. It's kind of brown. gingerbread lip. It's kind of brown. And then I got this caramel one. It's And then I got this caramel one. It's And then I got this caramel one. It's glittery and it's so cute. These colors glittery and it's so cute. These colors glittery and it's so cute. These colors are so adorable. Like look at that. They are so adorable. Like look at that. They are so adorable. Like look at that. They go together so well. This is aesthetic. go together so well. This is aesthetic. go together so well. This is aesthetic. This is what I came to the freaking mall This is what I came to the freaking mall This is what I came to the freaking mall for. I wanted to go on my shopping spree for. I wanted to go on my shopping spree for. I wanted to go on my shopping spree because I wanted [music] this brown because I wanted [music] this brown because I wanted [music] this brown sugar body mist. It smells so sugar body mist. It smells so sugar body mist. It smells so It smells so good. It's so good. What does it smell like? Well, it smells What does it smell like? Well, it smells What does it smell like? Well, it smells like brown sugar, but it smells like like brown sugar, but it smells like like brown sugar, but it smells like It smells a very warm. It's not vanilla. It smells a very warm. It's not vanilla. It smells a very warm. It's not vanilla. Can't even describe it. It just smells Can't even describe it. It just smells Can't even describe it. It just smells so good. It's a sweet like bakery smell. so good. It's a sweet like bakery smell. so good. It's a sweet like bakery smell. Oh my god, it's like reminding me of Oh my god, it's like reminding me of Oh my god, it's like reminding me of like Barnes & Noble and like a sweet like Barnes & Noble and like a sweet like Barnes & Noble and like a sweet treat. Oh my god, it smells so good. treat. Oh my god, it smells so good. treat. Oh my god, it smells so good. Last thing, we got this lanyard for my Last thing, we got this lanyard for my Last thing, we got this lanyard for my keys because I have a freaking Minecraft keys because I have a freaking Minecraft keys because I have a freaking Minecraft thingy on my keys and I'm like, "Okay, I thingy on my keys and I'm like, "Okay, I thingy on my keys and I'm like, "Okay, I need to upgrade. I kind of want to be need to upgrade. I kind of want to be need to upgrade. I kind of want to be more aesthetic." So, I got this little more aesthetic." So, I got this little more aesthetic." So, I got this little Victoria's Secret lanyard. [music] And Victoria's Secret lanyard. [music] And Victoria's Secret lanyard. [music] And that is basically all that we got. This that is basically all that we got. This that is basically all that we got. This haul is literally so cute and my haul is literally so cute and my haul is literally so cute and my favorite. They're all like matching favorite. They're all like matching favorite. They're all like matching colors. So cute. And that is everything colors. So cute. And that is everything colors. So cute. And that is everything that we got on our shopping spree. Thank that we got on our shopping spree. Thank that we got on our shopping spree. Thank you guys for watching. Even though they you guys for watching. Even though they you guys for watching. Even though they were out of some of the things that I were out of some of the things that I were out of some of the things that I really wanted, I had a lot of fun really wanted, I had a lot of fun really wanted, I had a lot of fun shopping and pretending like I was back shopping and pretending like I was back shopping and pretending like I was back in the 2000s. Honestly, Cheesecake in the 2000s. Honestly, Cheesecake in the 2000s. Honestly, Cheesecake Factory was so lit. It was lit as [\h__\h] Factory was so lit. It was lit as [\h__\h] Factory was so lit. It was lit as [\h__\h] And there the baked brie was so good. Oh And there the baked brie was so good. Oh And there the baked brie was so good. Oh my god, please try that. It's It was so my god, please try that. It's It was so my god, please try that. It's It was so good. Oh my god. I'm going to go back to good. Oh my god. I'm going to go back to good. Oh my god. I'm going to go back to Cheesecake Factory regularly. That [\h__\h] Cheesecake Factory regularly. That [\h__\h] Cheesecake Factory regularly. That [\h__\h] rocked my world. Hello. Anyways, thank rocked my world. Hello. Anyways, thank rocked my world. Hello. Anyways, thank you guys for watching. I hope you like you guys for watching. I hope you like you guys for watching. I hope you like the video. See you in the next one.