Oh brother, everything is turning upside down.
Hey, hey, don't stop. Don't stop. Don't stop.
So hey YouTube family, welcome back to the
new video. So guys, today's video is going to be
very interesting because
today we are going to the trade fair. Yes guys
, you must have seen it in the thumbnail.
So yes guys, like every year, a trade fair has been organised in our city
and you must be knowing
that we go there every year.
Everyone swings and enjoys a lot.
So today the guys are going to do the same thing again.
Piyush and
I are going the same way as last year. So yes, I am ready. Right
now Piyush is just getting ready.
Okay, I will meet you now when Piyush gets
ready and leaves.
A Few Moments Later.
So the guys have left and Piyush has also come.
Piyush was very excited,
brother, he comes at least once a year.
Today we will do one thing, we will swing on all the swings, no matter how many there are
today,
yes, all of them will swing, the
main one is the boat one brother, it is so much fun, yes, we will
sit at the end, it will be a
lot of fun in the boat one brother,
yes, so come on guys, let's meet you, now we will go straight to the
trade fair, let's go, we have reached there,
look, there is a swing in front, the
Let's Go
round one and the boat one too. The
car has been parked. Come on,
brothers, people are screaming in the swing. The sound is coming
outside.
After some time we will also be in the same. We are also going to
scream like this.
Guys have entered the trade fair.
Oh brother, look there is a lot of crowd.
Which one first? The
round one. The
round one. It
is the most important.
Ok. Come on guys, let's wash that one first. The
round one has bought the ticket for this swing. Let's
go [music] into it. Hey, what happened?
Hey, has the swing got damaged, see if something
happened brother? Look there, oh oh oh
uncle uncle uncle, hey what is happening
? Hey, the swing is broken. Come on now
brother, it is not safe.
Guys, I don't know what happened. The swing is not moving.
Look, there is such a long line
here. The hammer is gone, brother. They will also swing, friend. I
will swing my views my friend. Don't be afraid, friend. It's done, look there, look,
that one too, we will swing
brother, it's gone, it's gone
Straight out head,
hey come, come, come, come, sit, sit, sit, oh, look at the
boatman, look at the boatman, brother,
look at his face, look at his face, I am
very scared, this is already
my first Rakhi,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's shaking, it's shaking,
why is it shaking, hey, it's
shaking,
why are you scaring me [laughter] I
stopped him, hey,
where have you gone, I stopped him at the top, oh, uncle,
drive, don't stop, look behind, where are we,
why have we brought this, you know, I should
n't have come, you know,
brother, brother, I am scared, brother guys, I am very scared, I am
very scared, really, we
are right at the top, look, right at the top,
look,
oh,
when does it get so fast, oh, it got fast, it got
very fast
brother, breath, brother,
oh,
joke, brother, brother, brother,
something is happening inside, brother, brother, make a joke, brother, brother,
look, brother, I am an innocent
child,
close your eyes, close your eyes, oh
God, all the deeds that I have done Please
forgive me [laughs] From today onwards, all my karmas will be stopped
[music] Guys, it's done, I
enjoyed it brother, how did you like it?
Hey, it was great, it was
great, now let's go to the boatman's place, come in this
So we have come to the boatman's place, now I am going to get
very scared, look at this Piyush, catch hold hold hold hold
tight. go go go go I'm going go go.
Oye, Abe, Abe, you've fallen.
Oye fell down.
Uncle stop it, Uncle stop it. Those behind,
hey hey brother, hey brother, hey hey brother, hey hey brother,
sit down, hey hey, what is this, what is this
brother, players of danger, hey hey hey brother, what was this, hey,
what was this
Finally it has slowed down, it has slowed down,
oh brother, I feel relieved. Let's swing this too. Let's go
now. How was it?
Brother, I am torn in this. Isn't it
? I was
very scared.
This was scary. Take the photo, take it. Let's
go into it now. In the round ones. Come on guys, we have come to the
goal.
See how it will rotate. Very fast. It's going, it's going, it's going, it's going.
Hey brother, this is very fast. Oh,
this is very fast.
Look at this, look at Piyush. Look at this. Look at this.
Bro, this is so cool, man. It is very cool. I
stopped, wait, wait. Everyone
stop, stop.
Oh
brother, I am feeling dizzy. Very fast,
slowly brother,
ok
why? You are very good at that, friend. You are
looking good too.
Hey, thank you. Thank you.
Yes, take it.
Brother, this was it. Isn't it fun? As yet.
Yes. Let's go
now guys. Look at this, this
is also a very scary swing. It's
not your fault you are going, it's not just me who is going.
Why? Oh no brother, come on. Oh, I don't have to go. Will have to go.
Took the ticket. I have taken the ticket.
So what's the ticket?
No no, come on
brother, it is safe, isn't it?
Brother, everything is safe.
Brother should be safe. Don't
open it brother. It is opening. Hey, this wo
n't happen to you after today. It's done, it's done
brother.
Brother, I felt dizzy in this too.
Now guys, we are going to go into the most
dangerous swing here, which is this hammer swing.
Guys Piyush is refusing. He is saying I am
not going.
Come on friend, nothing will happen. Piyush, look, it happened once upon a time. The
swing comes once a year. Sit down, friend. Nothing will happen, friend. Come on, come on.
No one will give.
Guy is scared. Piyush is very scared. Come on, come on. This is
very wrong, these guys of yours, they bring it by saying, not brother, not
brother, don't come, don't come, we will come, we are coming,
they are saying, don't come [music] guys,
this is the most dangerous and last swing of today,
we have taken all the swings, this is the only thing left,
brother, lock this too, it is open, lock this
too, oh, if you
forgot then lock it brother, here it is
locked, it is locked, look, the leg is throbbing, thud, you know,
last time the locks were torn, I did
not know, it gets stuck like this at the top also
friend, suppose you turn upside down like this for 10 seconds,
what,
brother, God save me.
What to hold in the gas?
What should I catch?
Hey save me. I am dead, I am dead.
Completely hey hey hey I have
stopped it hey it is turning
backwards
brother please stop it friend this is not this is not
brother this is not this is not oh what was this hey
what happened
brother the situation has worsened brother open it open it open water water
brother this one should be banned sir I am dizzy
Now guys let's play this one come on Piyush
you take out the fruity take out the fruity let's
see guys it is not coming come on come on come on take out the
mobile the green one and the last one
guys last one come on it will come it will come it will come hey
nothing has come
now it's my turn come on
tell me what should I take out from here from downstairs that
coffee toffee that is
very far friend
so take out this f then let's
take out the green one f f take out
hey friend it
came in one only let's
go
back tell me the next one
next fruity a
little bit is left. A little bit is left. A little bit is
left. Let's go last. This is the last one.
Well, it was fun. Guys got it look. Brother with a great
game, it is a
childhood memory, friend.
Each item costs ₹
5.
How many shops have all of them for five. Let's
see guys what's there in five. Let us go.
Hey, this is all girls' stuff. Of
five.
What happened to take it for someone?
O dear.
No, dear. I will take it, friend. Should I take the ₹5 one
? What are you talking about? Hey friend, it matters.
Take this piece, take this, give it to me, give
that chatting girl, give it to me chatting girl,
what
pen, look where is this long pen, what is this, pen, what is this, pencil, pencil, I have
taken it,
oh this is good, take it, let's take it, this is also a pen, there is also a
pen,
look below, guys, look how long the pen is, there is a pen
and pencil also, let's take this, this is
also for five, brother spinner, oh this is good
friend, take this on
your head, those are gambling, these are
not gambling, friend, let's take this, tape guys, I have taken the
stuff, come on guys, I always
take this from here. Take these pills, these toffees,
drink them. What is this?
Rat poop.
What is this? Of the
rat.
Rat poop. Hey, is
this tamarind? It is tamarind.
This is the one. Which thing should I give?
We took it. Look at these three. These three.
Big House [Music]
Guys, let's play now, we have to
knock down the glasses by hitting the ball, one shot, one
shot is coming,
one shot, guys, look, we have to knock down all the glasses
in one shot, come Piyush, hey, hey, hey,
what are you doing [laughs] will you break the shop, hey, try it, try it
again, try it again, no
problem,
two fell, let me try it now, hit it from
above, hit it, one is left, one is left,
hit it, it won't happen, no problem
[Music] It was a
lot of fun and Dhruv Bhai
helped us a lot. Thank you brother. Come on, let's go home now. Come on, come on. So let's
leave the trade fair. Piyush,
which nugget did you like the best? Best. I
thought the one with gravity was great.
It is going to rotate round and round. The
Spiderman one. Guys, look at my throat, it has completely become sore.
Brother, this happens every
time after shouting. My throat gets
completely sore after coming here. But whatever it is brother,
we enjoyed it to the fullest. Let's go now. Let's go and
eat something?
Yes.
What to eat?
Magdy walks away.
Oh yes guys, you know Magdi has opened in Haldani. It just
opened a few days ago.
So let's go to Magdi today. Come back after eating Magdi.
So I've got Magdi Burger. We
took the dry-through because it was very crowded
there. Just look at the coffee as well. This is it, let's
eat it cool. Guys look at Piyush.
Brother, this is a great thing. Look what he is
playing. Guys, you know this was our dream when
we were young. One this one
guys and one that Barbie the
pink colored one brother these two
f we used to go a lot earlier it is difficult to put all these in it
these rings are
very difficult we have
reached home
let's go I had
fun brother I had
fun my
head is still spinning so
now we will go next year straight
next year Kunal I have stuff for
you I have brought a lot of things
why have I brought this stick it is
not a stick that is a pencil
yes and this is a pen
this is a pen look such a big pen oh oh
brother so big and
guys Kunal will eat all this you have eaten almonds you have
not eaten this
tea ji you also eat
tamarind eat tamarind Kunal is peeling the
pencil guys and this one is peeling so good that's it done done done see oh
wow look this guys
pencil
how will I keep this in the box oh
yes this one will not come in oh yes do
one thing free
two pencils it will be made write it
once write it write write write write k
u na a l l i
wow
Manali Manali
so now we are back at home let's do the
blog at home Tell me here today how you liked it. If
you liked the video then don't
forget to like, comment and subscribe so see
you on in the next video till then take
care bye bye love you all bye bye guys bye do it
listen if someone has to pee in the swing then do it,
then what will happen it will
come all over everyone and will spread well
in the boat one, it will spread in the nave one, it will spread.
Everyone will go down from where you are standing. You will enjoy it.
Well, you know someone must be able to swing. I definitely have
stool.
Yes, I do vomit. You might also be able to poop.
Those who are scared lose their sleep.
People,
we are leaving.
Yes, they must have come out. But it will remain in the pants. She won't
come out. crazy. Who
knows, maybe he got stomach upset?
So it will come out
with the feet. [laughter] If it gets
thin, it will slip out of your feet, brother.
Oh friend, what are we talking about? You are eating a
burger, you know. He is talking like this while eating.
Look
what happened? Look, look, it's the same, it's the same, it's
not
yellow, it's the same, it's the same,
hey, I ate it, hey, I ate it
You G [music]
if you want to make [music]
right so de
