Oh brother, everything is turning upside down. Oh brother, everything is turning upside down. Oh brother, everything is turning upside down. Hey, hey, don't stop.  Don't stop.  Don't stop. So hey YouTube family, welcome back to the So hey YouTube family, welcome back to the So hey YouTube family, welcome back to the new video.  So guys, today's video is going to be new video.  So guys, today's video is going to be new video.  So guys, today's video is going to be very interesting because very interesting because very interesting because today we are going to the trade fair.  Yes guys today we are going to the trade fair.  Yes guys today we are going to the trade fair.  Yes guys , you must have seen it in the thumbnail. , you must have seen it in the thumbnail. , you must have seen it in the thumbnail. So yes guys, like every year, a trade fair has been organised in our city So yes guys, like every year, a trade fair has been organised in our city So yes guys, like every year, a trade fair has been organised in our city and you must be knowing and you must be knowing and you must be knowing that we go there every year. that we go there every year. that we go there every year. Everyone swings and enjoys a lot. Everyone swings and enjoys a lot. Everyone swings and enjoys a lot. So today the guys are going to do the same thing again. So today the guys are going to do the same thing again. So today the guys are going to do the same thing again. Piyush and Piyush and Piyush and I are going the same way as last year.  So yes, I am ready.  Right I are going the same way as last year.  So yes, I am ready.  Right I are going the same way as last year.  So yes, I am ready.  Right now Piyush is just getting ready. now Piyush is just getting ready. now Piyush is just getting ready. Okay, I will meet you now when Piyush gets Okay, I will meet you now when Piyush gets Okay, I will meet you now when Piyush gets ready and leaves. ready and leaves. ready and leaves. A Few Moments Later. A Few Moments Later. A Few Moments Later. So the guys have left and Piyush has also come. So the guys have left and Piyush has also come. So the guys have left and Piyush has also come. Piyush was very excited, Piyush was very excited, Piyush was very excited, brother, he comes at least once a year. brother, he comes at least once a year. brother, he comes at least once a year. Today we will do one thing, we will swing on all the swings, no matter how many there are Today we will do one thing, we will swing on all the swings, no matter how many there are Today we will do one thing, we will swing on all the swings, no matter how many there are today, today, today, yes, all of them will swing, the yes, all of them will swing, the yes, all of them will swing, the main one is the boat one brother, it is so much fun, yes, we will main one is the boat one brother, it is so much fun, yes, we will sit at the end, it will be a sit at the end, it will be a lot of fun in the boat one brother, lot of fun in the boat one brother, lot of fun in the boat one brother, yes, so come on guys, let's meet you, now we will go straight to the yes, so come on guys, let's meet you, now we will go straight to the yes, so come on guys, let's meet you, now we will go straight to the trade fair, let's go, we have reached there, trade fair, let's go, we have reached there, trade fair, let's go, we have reached there, look, there is a swing in front, the look, there is a swing in front, the look, there is a swing in front, the Let's Go Let's Go Let's Go round one and the boat one too.  The round one and the boat one too.  The round one and the boat one too.  The car has been parked.  Come on, car has been parked.  Come on, car has been parked.  Come on, brothers, people are screaming in the swing.  The sound is coming brothers, people are screaming in the swing.  The sound is coming brothers, people are screaming in the swing.  The sound is coming outside. outside. outside. After some time we will also be in the same.  We are also going to After some time we will also be in the same.  We are also going to After some time we will also be in the same.  We are also going to scream like this. Guys have entered the trade fair. Guys have entered the trade fair. Guys have entered the trade fair. Oh brother, look there is a lot of crowd. Which one first?   The Which one first?   The Which one first?   The round one.   The round one.   The round one.   The round one.   It round one.   It round one.   It is the most important. is the most important. is the most important. Ok.  Come on guys, let's wash that one first.   The Ok.  Come on guys, let's wash that one first.   The Ok.  Come on guys, let's wash that one first.   The round one has bought the ticket for this swing.  Let's round one has bought the ticket for this swing.  Let's round one has bought the ticket for this swing.  Let's go [music] into it.  Hey, what happened? go [music] into it.  Hey, what happened? go [music] into it.  Hey, what happened? Hey, has the swing got damaged, see if something Hey, has the swing got damaged, see if something Hey, has the swing got damaged, see if something happened brother?  Look there, oh oh oh happened brother?  Look there, oh oh oh happened brother?  Look there, oh oh oh uncle uncle uncle, hey what is happening uncle uncle uncle, hey what is happening uncle uncle uncle, hey what is happening ?  Hey, the swing is broken.   Come on now ?  Hey, the swing is broken.   Come on now ?  Hey, the swing is broken.   Come on now brother, it is not safe. brother, it is not safe. brother, it is not safe. Guys, I don't know what happened.  The swing is not moving. Guys, I don't know what happened.  The swing is not moving. Guys, I don't know what happened.  The swing is not moving. Look, there is such a long line Look, there is such a long line Look, there is such a long line here.  The hammer is gone, brother.  They will also swing, friend.   I here.  The hammer is gone, brother.  They will also swing, friend.   I here.  The hammer is gone, brother.  They will also swing, friend.   I will swing my views my friend.  Don't be afraid, friend.   It's done, look there, look, will swing my views my friend.  Don't be afraid, friend.   It's done, look there, look, that one too, we will swing that one too, we will swing that one too, we will swing brother, it's gone, it's gone brother, it's gone, it's gone brother, it's gone, it's gone Straight out head, Straight out head, Straight out head, hey come, come, come, come, sit, sit, sit, oh, look at the hey come, come, come, come, sit, sit, sit, oh, look at the boatman, look at the boatman, brother, boatman, look at the boatman, brother, boatman, look at the boatman, brother, look at his face, look at his face, I am look at his face, look at his face, I am look at his face, look at his face, I am very scared, this is already very scared, this is already very scared, this is already my first Rakhi, my first Rakhi, my first Rakhi, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's shaking, it's shaking, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's shaking, it's shaking, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, it's shaking, it's shaking, why is it shaking, hey, it's why is it shaking, hey, it's why is it shaking, hey, it's shaking, shaking, shaking, why are you scaring me [laughter] I why are you scaring me [laughter] I why are you scaring me [laughter] I stopped him, hey, stopped him, hey, stopped him, hey, where have you gone, I stopped him at the top, oh, uncle, where have you gone, I stopped him at the top, oh, uncle, where have you gone, I stopped him at the top, oh, uncle, drive, don't stop, look behind, where are we, drive, don't stop, look behind, where are we, drive, don't stop, look behind, where are we, why have we brought this, you know, I should why have we brought this, you know, I should why have we brought this, you know, I should n't have come, you know, n't have come, you know, n't have come, you know, brother, brother, I am scared, brother guys, I am very scared, I am brother, brother, I am scared, brother guys, I am very scared, I am brother, brother, I am scared, brother guys, I am very scared, I am very scared, really, we very scared, really, we very scared, really, we are right at the top, look, right at the top, are right at the top, look, right at the top, are right at the top, look, right at the top, look, look, look, oh, oh, oh, when does it get so fast, oh, it got fast, it got when does it get so fast, oh, it got fast, it got when does it get so fast, oh, it got fast, it got very fast very fast very fast brother, breath, brother, brother, breath, brother, brother, breath, brother, oh, oh, oh, joke, brother, brother, brother, joke, brother, brother, brother, joke, brother, brother, brother, something is happening inside, brother, brother, make a joke, brother, brother, something is happening inside, brother, brother, make a joke, brother, brother, something is happening inside, brother, brother, make a joke, brother, brother, look, brother, I am an innocent look, brother, I am an innocent look, brother, I am an innocent child, close your eyes, close your eyes, oh close your eyes, close your eyes, oh close your eyes, close your eyes, oh God, all the deeds that I have done  Please God, all the deeds that I have done  Please God, all the deeds that I have done  Please forgive me [laughs] From today onwards, all my karmas will be stopped forgive me [laughs] From today onwards, all my karmas will be stopped [music] Guys, it's done, I enjoyed it brother, how did you like it? enjoyed it brother, how did you like it? enjoyed it brother, how did you like it? Hey, it was great, it was Hey, it was great, it was Hey, it was great, it was great, now let's go to the boatman's place, come in this great, now let's go to the boatman's place, come in this great, now let's go to the boatman's place, come in this So we have come to the boatman's place, now I am going to get So we have come to the boatman's place, now I am going to get So we have come to the boatman's place, now I am going to get very scared, look at this Piyush, catch hold hold hold hold very scared, look at this Piyush, catch hold hold hold hold very scared, look at this Piyush, catch hold hold hold hold tight.  go go go go I'm going go go. tight.  go go go go I'm going go go. Oye, Abe, Abe, you've fallen. Oye fell down. Oye fell down. Oye fell down. Uncle stop it, Uncle stop it.  Those behind, hey hey brother, hey brother, hey hey brother, hey hey brother, hey hey brother, hey brother, hey hey brother, hey hey brother, hey hey brother, hey brother, hey hey brother, hey hey brother, sit down, hey hey, what is this, what is this sit down, hey hey, what is this, what is this sit down, hey hey, what is this, what is this brother, players of danger, hey hey hey brother, what was this, hey, brother, players of danger, hey hey hey brother, what was this, hey, what was this Finally it has slowed down, it has slowed down, Finally it has slowed down, it has slowed down, Finally it has slowed down, it has slowed down, oh brother, I feel relieved.  Let's swing this too.  Let's go oh brother, I feel relieved.  Let's swing this too.  Let's go oh brother, I feel relieved.  Let's swing this too.  Let's go now.  How was it? now.  How was it? now.  How was it? Brother, I am torn in this.   Isn't it Brother, I am torn in this.   Isn't it Brother, I am torn in this.   Isn't it ?   I was ?   I was ?   I was very scared. very scared. very scared. This was scary.  Take the photo, take it.  Let's This was scary.  Take the photo, take it.  Let's This was scary.  Take the photo, take it.  Let's go into it now.  In the round ones.  Come on guys, we have come to the go into it now.  In the round ones.  Come on guys, we have come to the go into it now.  In the round ones.  Come on guys, we have come to the goal. goal. goal. See how it will rotate.  Very fast.  It's going, it's going, it's going, it's going. See how it will rotate.  Very fast.  It's going, it's going, it's going, it's going. Hey brother, this is very fast.  Oh, Hey brother, this is very fast.  Oh, Hey brother, this is very fast.  Oh, this is very fast. this is very fast. this is very fast. Look at this, look at Piyush.  Look at this.  Look at this. Look at this, look at Piyush.  Look at this.  Look at this. Look at this, look at Piyush.  Look at this.  Look at this. Bro, this is so cool, man.  It is very cool.   I Bro, this is so cool, man.  It is very cool.   I Bro, this is so cool, man.  It is very cool.   I stopped, wait, wait.  Everyone stopped, wait, wait.  Everyone stopped, wait, wait.  Everyone stop, stop. stop, stop. stop, stop. Oh Oh Oh brother, I am feeling dizzy.  Very fast, brother, I am feeling dizzy.  Very fast, brother, I am feeling dizzy.  Very fast, slowly brother, slowly brother, slowly brother, ok ok ok why?  You are very good at that, friend.  You are why?  You are very good at that, friend.  You are why?  You are very good at that, friend.  You are looking good too. looking good too. looking good too. Hey, thank you.  Thank you. Hey, thank you.  Thank you. Hey, thank you.  Thank you. Yes, take it. Yes, take it. Yes, take it. Brother, this was it.  Isn't it fun?  As yet. Brother, this was it.  Isn't it fun?  As yet. Brother, this was it.  Isn't it fun?  As yet. Yes.   Let's go Yes.   Let's go Yes.   Let's go now guys.  Look at this, this now guys.  Look at this, this now guys.  Look at this, this is also a very scary swing.   It's is also a very scary swing.   It's is also a very scary swing.   It's not your fault you are going, it's not just me who is going. not your fault you are going, it's not just me who is going. Why?  Oh no brother, come on.   Oh, I don't have to go.  Will have to go. Why?  Oh no brother, come on.   Oh, I don't have to go.  Will have to go. Took the ticket.  I have taken the ticket. Took the ticket.  I have taken the ticket. Took the ticket.  I have taken the ticket. So what's the ticket? So what's the ticket? So what's the ticket? No no, come on brother, it is safe, isn't it? brother, it is safe, isn't it? brother, it is safe, isn't it? Brother, everything is safe. Brother, everything is safe. Brother, everything is safe. Brother should be safe.   Don't open it brother.  It is opening.  Hey, this wo n't happen to you after today.   It's done, it's done n't happen to you after today.   It's done, it's done n't happen to you after today.   It's done, it's done brother. brother. brother. Brother, I felt dizzy in this too. Brother, I felt dizzy in this too. Brother, I felt dizzy in this too. Now guys, we are going to go into the most Now guys, we are going to go into the most Now guys, we are going to go into the most dangerous swing here, which is this hammer swing. dangerous swing here, which is this hammer swing. dangerous swing here, which is this hammer swing. Guys Piyush is refusing.  He is saying I am Guys Piyush is refusing.  He is saying I am Guys Piyush is refusing.  He is saying I am not going. not going. not going. Come on friend, nothing will happen.  Piyush, look, it happened once upon a time.  The Come on friend, nothing will happen.  Piyush, look, it happened once upon a time.  The swing comes once a year.  Sit down, friend.  Nothing will happen, friend.  Come on, come on. swing comes once a year.  Sit down, friend.  Nothing will happen, friend.  Come on, come on. No one will give. No one will give. No one will give. Guy is scared.  Piyush is very scared.  Come on, come on.   This is Guy is scared.  Piyush is very scared.  Come on, come on.   This is very wrong, these guys of yours, they bring it by saying, not brother, not very wrong, these guys of yours, they bring it by saying, not brother, not very wrong, these guys of yours, they bring it by saying, not brother, not brother, brother, brother, brother, don't come, don't come, we will come, we are coming, brother, don't come, don't come, we will come, we are coming, brother, don't come, don't come, we will come, we are coming, they are saying, don't come [music] guys, this is the most dangerous and last swing of today, this is the most dangerous and last swing of today, this is the most dangerous and last swing of today, we have taken all the swings, this is the only thing left, we have taken all the swings, this is the only thing left, we have taken all the swings, this is the only thing left, brother, lock this too, it is open, lock this brother, lock this too, it is open, lock this brother, lock this too, it is open, lock this too, oh, if you too, oh, if you too, oh, if you forgot then lock it brother, here it is forgot then lock it brother, here it is locked, it is locked, look, the leg is throbbing, thud, you know, locked, it is locked, look, the leg is throbbing, thud, you know, last time the locks were torn, I did last time the locks were torn, I did last time the locks were torn, I did not know, it gets stuck like this at the top also not know, it gets stuck like this at the top also not know, it gets stuck like this at the top also friend, suppose you turn upside down like this for 10 seconds, friend, suppose you turn upside down like this for 10 seconds, friend, suppose you turn upside down like this for 10 seconds, what, what, what, brother, God save me. brother, God save me. brother, God save me. What to hold in the gas? What should I catch? What should I catch? What should I catch? Hey save me.  I am dead, I am dead. Completely hey hey hey I have stopped it hey it is turning stopped it hey it is turning stopped it hey it is turning backwards backwards backwards brother please stop it friend this is not this is not brother please stop it friend this is not this is not brother please stop it friend this is not this is not brother this is not this is not oh what was this hey brother this is not this is not oh what was this hey brother this is not this is not oh what was this hey what happened what happened what happened brother the situation has worsened brother open it open it open water water brother the situation has worsened brother open it open it open water water brother this one should be banned sir I am dizzy brother this one should be banned sir I am dizzy sir I am dizzy Now guys let's play this one come on Piyush Now guys let's play this one come on Piyush Now guys let's play this one come on Piyush you take out the fruity take out the fruity let's you take out the fruity take out the fruity let's you take out the fruity take out the fruity let's see guys it is not coming come on come on come on take out the see guys it is not coming come on come on come on take out the see guys it is not coming come on come on come on take out the mobile the green one and the last one mobile the green one and the last one mobile the green one and the last one guys last one come on it will come it will come it will come hey guys last one come on it will come it will come it will come hey guys last one come on it will come it will come it will come hey nothing has come nothing has come nothing has come now it's my turn come on now it's my turn come on tell me what should I take out from here from downstairs that tell me what should I take out from here from downstairs that tell me what should I take out from here from downstairs that coffee toffee that is coffee toffee that is coffee toffee that is very far friend very far friend very far friend so take out this f then let's so take out this f then let's so take out this f then let's take out the green one f f take out take out the green one f f take out hey friend it hey friend it hey friend it came in one only let's came in one only let's came in one only let's go go go back tell me the next one back tell me the next one back tell me the next one next fruity a next fruity a next fruity a little bit is left.  A little bit is left.  A little bit is little bit is left.  A little bit is left.  A little bit is little bit is left.  A little bit is left.  A little bit is left.  Let's go last.  This is the last one. Well, it was fun.  Guys got it look.  Brother with a great Well, it was fun.  Guys got it look.  Brother with a great Well, it was fun.  Guys got it look.  Brother with a great game, it is a game, it is a game, it is a childhood memory, friend. childhood memory, friend. childhood memory, friend. Each item costs ₹ Each item costs ₹ Each item costs ₹ 5. 5. 5. How many shops have all of them for five.   Let's How many shops have all of them for five.   Let's How many shops have all of them for five.   Let's see guys what's there in five.   Let us go. see guys what's there in five.   Let us go. see guys what's there in five.   Let us go. Hey, this is all girls' stuff.  Of Hey, this is all girls' stuff.  Of Hey, this is all girls' stuff.  Of five. five. five. What happened to take it for someone? What happened to take it for someone? What happened to take it for someone? O dear. O dear. O dear. No, dear.  I will take it, friend.  Should I take the ₹5 one No, dear.  I will take it, friend.  Should I take the ₹5 one No, dear.  I will take it, friend.  Should I take the ₹5 one ?  What are you talking about?  Hey friend, it matters. ?  What are you talking about?  Hey friend, it matters. ?  What are you talking about?  Hey friend, it matters. Take this piece, take this, give it to me, give Take this piece, take this, give it to me, give Take this piece, take this, give it to me, give that chatting girl, give it to me chatting girl, that chatting girl, give it to me chatting girl, what what what pen, look where is this long pen, what is this, pen, what is this, pencil, pencil, I have pen, look where is this long pen, what is this, pen, what is this, pencil, pencil, I have taken it, taken it, taken it, oh this is good, take it, let's take it, this is also a pen, there is also a oh this is good, take it, let's take it, this is also a pen, there is also a pen, pen, pen, look below, guys, look how long the pen is, there is a pen look below, guys, look how long the pen is, there is a pen look below, guys, look how long the pen is, there is a pen and pencil also, let's take this, this is and pencil also, let's take this, this is and pencil also, let's take this, this is also for five, brother spinner, oh this is good also for five, brother spinner, oh this is good also for five, brother spinner, oh this is good friend, take this on friend, take this on friend, take this on your head, those are gambling, these are your head, those are gambling, these are your head, those are gambling, these are not gambling, friend, let's take this, tape guys, I have taken the not gambling, friend, let's take this, tape guys, I have taken the not gambling, friend, let's take this, tape guys, I have taken the stuff, come on guys, I always stuff, come on guys, I always stuff, come on guys, I always take this from here.  Take these pills, these toffees, take this from here.  Take these pills, these toffees, take this from here.  Take these pills, these toffees, drink them.  What is this? drink them.  What is this? drink them.  What is this? Rat poop. Rat poop. Rat poop. What is this?   Of the What is this?   Of the What is this?   Of the rat. rat. rat. Rat poop.  Hey, is Rat poop.  Hey, is Rat poop.  Hey, is this tamarind?  It is tamarind. This is the one.  Which thing should I give? This is the one.  Which thing should I give? This is the one.  Which thing should I give? We took it.  Look at these three.  These three. Big House [Music] Big House [Music] Big House [Music] Guys, let's play now, we have to Guys, let's play now, we have to Guys, let's play now, we have to knock down the glasses by hitting the ball, one shot, one knock down the glasses by hitting the ball, one shot, one knock down the glasses by hitting the ball, one shot, one shot is coming, shot is coming, shot is coming, one shot, guys, look, we have to knock down all the glasses one shot, guys, look, we have to knock down all the glasses one shot, guys, look, we have to knock down all the glasses in one shot, come Piyush, hey, hey, hey, in one shot, come Piyush, hey, hey, hey, in one shot, come Piyush, hey, hey, hey, what are you doing [laughs] will you break the shop, hey, try it, try it what are you doing [laughs] will you break the shop, hey, try it, try it again, try it again, no again, try it again, no again, try it again, no problem, problem, problem, two fell, let me try it now, hit it from two fell, let me try it now, hit it from two fell, let me try it now, hit it from above, hit it, one is left, one is left, above, hit it, one is left, one is left, one is left, one is left, one is left, hit it, it won't happen, no problem hit it, it won't happen, no problem hit it, it won't happen, no problem [Music] It was a lot of fun and Dhruv Bhai lot of fun and Dhruv Bhai lot of fun and Dhruv Bhai helped us a lot.  Thank you brother.  Come on, let's go home now.  Come on, come on.   So let's helped us a lot.  Thank you brother.  Come on, let's go home now.  Come on, come on.   So let's leave the trade fair.  Piyush, leave the trade fair.  Piyush, leave the trade fair.  Piyush, which nugget did you like the best?  Best.   I which nugget did you like the best?  Best.   I which nugget did you like the best?  Best.   I thought the one with gravity was great. thought the one with gravity was great. thought the one with gravity was great. It is going to rotate round and round.   The It is going to rotate round and round.   The It is going to rotate round and round.   The Spiderman one.  Guys, look at my throat, it has completely become sore. Spiderman one.  Guys, look at my throat, it has completely become sore. Spiderman one.  Guys, look at my throat, it has completely become sore. Brother, this happens every Brother, this happens every Brother, this happens every time after shouting.  My throat gets time after shouting.  My throat gets time after shouting.  My throat gets completely sore after coming here.  But whatever it is brother, completely sore after coming here.  But whatever it is brother, completely sore after coming here.  But whatever it is brother, we enjoyed it to the fullest.  Let's go now.  Let's go and we enjoyed it to the fullest.  Let's go now.  Let's go and we enjoyed it to the fullest.  Let's go now.  Let's go and eat something? eat something? eat something? Yes. Yes. Yes. What to eat? What to eat? What to eat? Magdy walks away. Magdy walks away. Magdy walks away. Oh yes guys, you know Magdi has opened in Haldani.  It just Oh yes guys, you know Magdi has opened in Haldani.  It just Oh yes guys, you know Magdi has opened in Haldani.  It just opened a few days ago. opened a few days ago. opened a few days ago. So let's go to Magdi today.  Come back after eating Magdi. So let's go to Magdi today.  Come back after eating Magdi. So let's go to Magdi today.  Come back after eating Magdi. So I've got Magdi Burger.  We So I've got Magdi Burger.  We So I've got Magdi Burger.  We took the dry-through because it was very crowded took the dry-through because it was very crowded took the dry-through because it was very crowded there.  Just look at the coffee as well.  This is it, let's there.  Just look at the coffee as well.  This is it, let's there.  Just look at the coffee as well.  This is it, let's eat it cool.  Guys look at Piyush. eat it cool.  Guys look at Piyush. eat it cool.  Guys look at Piyush. Brother, this is a great thing.  Look what he is Brother, this is a great thing.  Look what he is Brother, this is a great thing.  Look what he is playing.  Guys, you know this was our dream when playing.  Guys, you know this was our dream when playing.  Guys, you know this was our dream when we were young.  One this one we were young.  One this one we were young.  One this one guys and one that Barbie the guys and one that Barbie the guys and one that Barbie the pink colored one brother these two pink colored one brother these two pink colored one brother these two f we used to go a lot earlier it is difficult to put all these in it f we used to go a lot earlier it is difficult to put all these in it f we used to go a lot earlier it is difficult to put all these in it these rings are these rings are these rings are very difficult we have very difficult we have very difficult we have reached home reached home reached home let's go I had let's go I had let's go I had fun brother I had fun brother I had fun brother I had fun my fun my fun my head is still spinning so head is still spinning so head is still spinning so now we will go next year straight now we will go next year straight next year Kunal I have stuff for next year Kunal I have stuff for next year Kunal I have stuff for you I have brought a lot of things you I have brought a lot of things you I have brought a lot of things why have I brought this stick it is why have I brought this stick it is why have I brought this stick it is not a stick that is a pencil not a stick that is a pencil not a stick that is a pencil yes and this is a pen yes and this is a pen yes and this is a pen this is a pen look such a big pen oh oh this is a pen look such a big pen oh oh this is a pen look such a big pen oh oh brother so big and brother so big and brother so big and guys Kunal will eat all this you have eaten almonds you have guys Kunal will eat all this you have eaten almonds you have guys Kunal will eat all this you have eaten almonds you have not eaten this not eaten this not eaten this tea ji you also eat tea ji you also eat tea ji you also eat tamarind eat tamarind Kunal is peeling the tamarind eat tamarind Kunal is peeling the tamarind eat tamarind Kunal is peeling the pencil guys and this one is peeling so good that's it done done done see oh pencil guys and this one is peeling so good that's it done done done see oh wow look this guys wow look this guys wow look this guys pencil pencil how will I keep this in the box oh how will I keep this in the box oh how will I keep this in the box oh yes this one will not come in oh yes do yes this one will not come in oh yes do yes this one will not come in oh yes do one thing free one thing free one thing free two pencils it will be made write it two pencils it will be made write it two pencils it will be made write it once write it write write write write k once write it write write write write k once write it write write write write k u na a l l i u na a l l i i i i wow wow wow Manali Manali Manali Manali Manali Manali so now we are back at home let's do the so now we are back at home let's do the so now we are back at home let's do the blog at home  Tell me here today how you liked it. If blog at home  Tell me here today how you liked it. If blog at home  Tell me here today how you liked it. If you liked the video then don't you liked the video then don't you liked the video then don't forget to like, comment and subscribe so see forget to like, comment and subscribe so see forget to like, comment and subscribe so see you on in the next video till then take you on in the next video till then take you on in the next video till then take care bye bye love you all bye bye guys bye do it care bye bye love you all bye bye guys bye do it care bye bye love you all bye bye guys bye do it listen if someone has to pee in the swing then do it, listen if someone has to pee in the swing then do it, listen if someone has to pee in the swing then do it, then what will happen it will then what will happen it will then what will happen it will come all over everyone and will spread well come all over everyone and will spread well come all over everyone and will spread well in the boat one, it will spread in the nave one, it will spread. in the boat one, it will spread in the nave one, it will spread. in the boat one, it will spread in the nave one, it will spread. Everyone will go down from where you are standing.  You will enjoy it. Everyone will go down from where you are standing.  You will enjoy it. Well, you know someone must be able to swing.  I definitely have Well, you know someone must be able to swing.  I definitely have Well, you know someone must be able to swing.  I definitely have stool. stool. stool. Yes, I do vomit.  You might also be able to poop. Yes, I do vomit.  You might also be able to poop. Yes, I do vomit.  You might also be able to poop. Those who are scared lose their sleep. Those who are scared lose their sleep. People, People, People, we are leaving. we are leaving. we are leaving. Yes, they must have come out.  But it will remain in the pants.  She won't Yes, they must have come out.  But it will remain in the pants.  She won't Yes, they must have come out.  But it will remain in the pants.  She won't come out.  crazy.   Who come out.  crazy.   Who come out.  crazy.   Who knows, maybe he got stomach upset? knows, maybe he got stomach upset? knows, maybe he got stomach upset? So it will come out So it will come out So it will come out with the feet.  [laughter] If it gets with the feet.  [laughter] If it gets with the feet.  [laughter] If it gets thin, it will slip out of your feet, brother. thin, it will slip out of your feet, brother. thin, it will slip out of your feet, brother. Oh friend, what are we talking about?  You are eating a Oh friend, what are we talking about?  You are eating a Oh friend, what are we talking about?  You are eating a burger, you know.  He is talking like this while eating. burger, you know.  He is talking like this while eating. burger, you know.  He is talking like this while eating. Look Look Look what happened?  Look, look, it's the same, it's the same, it's what happened?  Look, look, it's the same, it's the same, it's not not not yellow, it's the same, it's the same, yellow, it's the same, it's the same, yellow, it's the same, it's the same, hey, I ate it, hey, I ate it hey, I ate it, hey, I ate it hey, I ate it, hey, I ate it You G [music] if you want to make [music] if you want to make [music] if you want to make [music] right so de