Go to sleep when it's my birthday. Go to sleep when it's my birthday. Go to sleep when it's my birthday. You should like 8:02 PM.  There You should like 8:02 PM.  There You should like 8:02 PM.  There are Mondays that you simply have to are Mondays that you simply have to are Mondays that you simply have to celebrate as Fridays, because Friday celebrate as Fridays, because Friday celebrate as Fridays, because Friday is still too far away and the week so far has been far too is still too far away and the week so far has been far too is still too far away and the week so far has been far too bad.  And go to bad.  And go to bad.  And go to sleep at 8:02 PM.  I was so sleep at 8:02 PM.  I was so sleep at 8:02 PM.  I was so grateful it was only 2 minutes later than usual for grateful it was only 2 minutes later than usual for grateful it was only 2 minutes later than usual for my day.  I basically had my day.  I basically had my day.  I basically had appointments all day.  Somehow, appointments all day.  Somehow, appointments all day.  Somehow, none of the appointments worked out the way I wanted. none of the appointments worked out the way I wanted. none of the appointments worked out the way I wanted. Among other things, I had to wait an hour Among other things, I had to wait an hour Among other things, I had to wait an hour at the doctor's office.  I was absolutely exhausted, at the doctor's office.  I was absolutely exhausted, at the doctor's office.  I was absolutely exhausted, and I'm usually in and I'm usually in and I'm usually in the shower at 4 pm for my the shower at 4 pm for my the shower at 4 pm for my evening routine. evening routine. evening routine. I really only I really only I really only did the bare minimum in the shower.  I really didn't feel like watching another did the bare minimum in the shower.  I really didn't feel like watching another did the bare minimum in the shower.  I really didn't feel like watching another Everything Everything Everything show.  We show.  We show.  We actually wanted to do everything the same way this Monday evening as on actually wanted to do everything the same way this Monday evening as on actually wanted to do everything the same way this Monday evening as on Friday evening, but no, I did Friday evening, but no, I did Friday evening, but no, I did n't feel like an everything shower today. n't feel like an everything shower today. n't feel like an everything shower today. Among other things, I also had Among other things, I also had Among other things, I also had my ankle tattoo lasered off that day; my ankle tattoo lasered off that day; my ankle tattoo lasered off that day; it was excruciatingly painful.  Afterwards, it was excruciatingly painful.  Afterwards, it was excruciatingly painful.  Afterwards, I always get a bit of a I always get a bit of a I always get a bit of a headache.  They were definitely gone after headache.  They were definitely gone after headache.  They were definitely gone after the shower the shower the shower .  I think it was simply .  I think it was simply .  I think it was simply the stress.  I the stress.  I the stress.  I bought a squishy toy today to bought a squishy toy today to bought a squishy toy today to relieve stress.  Okay, relieve stress.  Okay, relieve stress.  Okay, because I simply wanted to celebrate Monday as Friday because I simply wanted to celebrate Monday as Friday because I simply wanted to celebrate Monday as Friday , I had a really , I had a really , I had a really big pizza.  I'm not in the mood for all that big pizza.  I'm not in the mood for all that big pizza.  I'm not in the mood for all that healthy nonsense today.  I want healthy nonsense today.  I want healthy nonsense today.  I want something awesome.  My boy kept saying, something awesome.  My boy kept saying, something awesome.  My boy kept saying, "Yeah, don't put too many "Yeah, don't put too many "Yeah, don't put too many pieces in the pasta sauce."  I have to pieces in the pasta sauce."  I have to pieces in the pasta sauce."  I have to explain five times that I'm explain five times that I'm explain five times that I'm not making pasta today.  He didn't get it, not making pasta today.  He didn't get it, not making pasta today.  He didn't get it, actually I wanted to make pasta, actually I wanted to make pasta, actually I wanted to make pasta, but I but I but I changed my mind shortly before because it was Pizza Friday, even though it was changed my mind shortly before because it was Pizza Friday, even though it was changed my mind shortly before because it was Pizza Friday, even though it was Monday, Monday, Monday, but we still had something to celebrate, but we still had something to celebrate, but we still had something to celebrate, so like on Fridays we had a glass of so like on Fridays we had a glass of so like on Fridays we had a glass of wine, it was lovely.  Later wine, it was lovely.  Later wine, it was lovely.  Later I brushed my teeth and I brushed my teeth and I brushed my teeth and then went to bed because I definitely then went to bed because I definitely then went to bed because I definitely wanted to wanted to wanted to watch another episode of Desperate Housewives.  A watch another episode of Desperate Housewives.  A watch another episode of Desperate Housewives.  A day without an episode of Desperate Housewives day without an episode of Desperate Housewives day without an episode of Desperate Housewives is not a day for me.  So, with is not a day for me.  So, with is not a day for me.  So, with my evening routine, I definitely my evening routine, I definitely my evening routine, I definitely made the most of the day.  Bye.