Hey guys, welcome back to my channel. So today
I am wearing this beautiful dress.
Actually my mother is saying that you have
so many clothes and you don't wear anything.
What will you do with them? So from now on we are going to
wear new clothes every day. Like,
this is really not new. This is an old dress. I had it with me for just
this long. But I am
wearing it today. But you look at its design, friend.
Like how beautiful it is. Corset
detailing has been given here. And you
know there is a back cord at the back also. So
this looks very beautiful. So let's live beautiful from today.
Ok? Now I have
left my beggar era in which I used to look as if there was
really a
homeless person living in the house, so from now on
we will wear good clothes.
Ok? So let's go downstairs now that
my hair is done. And let me
show you my lip shade as well. Look how
beautiful it looks. It looks like I have
n't applied lipstick. But let me show you
which one it is. I have applied this Mars
lipstick. Its shade is 12
Universal S. I will post its
link. So you can buy it from there.
But it is really beautiful, man. Like it does
n't look like I'm wearing lipstick. It has a slightly
natural color. Looks cool brother. I am
thinking I will apply it one more day. I will go and
show it to my mother as a complete Gulabo. You will be surprised. Mom will say,
yes, from where did the sun rise today?
How is she coming like this today? So come on come on let's go guys let's go turn
off the lights come on
see Ogi Ogi how excited he has become
hi mummy
what Ogi no I don't want to spoil my dress
this brother will spoil my dress kachi
oh brother my mummy's veil doesn't stay put I
brought the camera and first stop wait let
me remove the veil properly go
inside wait wait I said okay I have
made curry and rice and eat it.
Curry rice. Ok. Ok. How do
I look? Tell me how I am looking?
Good. I am
looking good, right? Now I told you
that I have a lot of clothes. I don't wear
anything. So from now on I
will wear new clothes every day. Now I will show you
all the clothes. Ok? Does
n't wear it.
Now I find him so comfortable at home. I like them.
Feels good, doesn't it? Looks awesome. Aunty,
how does this dress look?
Looks different and beautiful. [laughs]
Aunty,
yes friend, this happens a lot during the rainy season,
Aunty has just finished mopping the floor. See, it is definitely going to
rain after 1 hour.
Look how clean it is.
Yes. Looked again.
Look how the platform has shone.
Look how beautiful it has become.
I have prepared everything including curry, rice, roti and vegetables.
tonight ok. Ok. Okay, let me go and see.
I will put it on Ogi Ogi's ears every day.
Look, the
sleeper
looks dirty.
Oggy has been vaccinated. I have administered
this vaccine also.
Wait, let me apply it on my hair every day. Yes, dear
aunty, why did you throw the mop,
mummy, he took my rose, mummy, hold it, sit tight, wait, leave it, leave it, leave it, leave it, leave it, he wo
n't give it to me now,
mummy, I will bring the biscuits, wait, I will bring the
biscuits, he will give it to me,
guys, look, there are so many jamuns on our jamun tree, brother, yes, during the rains, insects come in them, so we rarely eat them, during the rainy season, only those get infested with insects, we eat the good ones, friend, but the jamuns of our tree are very sweet, that's what they are
saying, after cutting them, I came to know how these
turn out,
yes and I will show you guys, I will show you one more
thing, pomegranate,
look,
who wants to eat,
come home quickly, whoever wants to eat,
this pomegranate, this is not ripe yet, this one is ripe, it is about to
ripen,
show me,
where is this one about to ripen,
oh wow, look at this, guys, this pomegranate is about to ripen, it has become
very big, friend,
everyone keeps looking at it, opening the jamun Yes,
uncle ji will also have jamuns, he has
pomegranates, brother, they are raw, brother,
we from
outside pluck all the jamuns that are there, I
mean the driver uncles etc., the
children who go to school
eat them, the ones inside, Ogi and I,
mom, all eat them, then they
give it to us from inside, so how many will we
eat.
Yes, there are many but they are
not very good during the rainy season. There are insects in
these. There are
insects.
So during the rainy season we eat very little anyway. There will be
softness.
This saree is all that is left. The father is somewhere.
Hey friend,
wear it because of the heat.
Now look, I am stopping wearing old clothes.
You also stop it.
I should also stop.
Okay, right?
Someone will give it to me.
Do the same thing. Now you too will have to change your mummy.
Give it to me aunty, please give it to me.
Yes. I had sent one for later, two, three, four more are left,
give them more,
yes, just take these out too, now it is not like that you have taken out
two or three sarees and wear them
all the time, wear them after changing them
brother, I cannot take out more than six or seven sarees at
a time, oh
friend, it does
not fit after changing it repeatedly, oh then
you put it back in the same but change it,
friend, mom is
fine,
look at this goat, it is eating grass,
what happened here brother, it has stomach upset, do
you know that when dogs eat grass,
such stomach upset occurs. But I can
eat it without it getting spoiled. This is a goat. The cow
is the cow of our house.
Look at this guys. So mom has made
curry today. I have made so much Pakadi Kadhi rice.
So let's eat now, guys. It has
n't happened to us yet, friend. The kitchen
utensils have not been cleaned. It is happening. The
work is in progress. Our aunt
comes a little late. That's why
I made it thin.
Yes. Mom, I like
her like this, thin. Mom, I will take only this much.
Please make it stand in this. Sorry, I will
take only this much. The
mouse has come.
Look, she
is imprisoned.
You know, she was troubling me a lot for the last
two-three days.
One was roaming all over Chuuya's house.
Yes. And it was not being caught. She has
come with great difficulty today. Give it to me, I will
throw it
here, Ogi was
troubling Ogi a lot, you see,
now Ogi will play like this, Ogi,
no,
now see, he has played with this
Ogi very well, come inside, look, he is
barking as if he will do something,
Ogi, come inside, don't bother him, guys,
today Kadhi rice is made, so we are not going to
eat roti, we will eat Kadhi rice.
We have kept a lot of utensils for aunty. Let's eat outside too.
How are we made?
Very tasty. It's very good.
Is good.
Yes.
I made it thin today.
We are feeling very tasty. But it is very good. It is
really very yummy. If you
add pakadi with rice then thin pakadi
tastes good. Thick seems useless.
You too can eat it.
I will eat. Guys, look,
we planted these tomatoes a little while ago. Aunty
planted them, I mean flowers have started blooming but I will plant chillies on them now.
We have planted chillies in this, I will
plant two chillies. Go and plant chilli trees.
No plants, no
one should have to go to the vegetable market, there are
so many big ones in the fields. Does
that mean there is no need to go to the vegetable market,
everything is grown at home itself, do everything here, whatever you have to do
brother, cook good home-cooked food.
Guys, see the weather is becoming like this, it is rainy,
sometimes it clears up, sometimes it rains again, then it
clears up again. Let me show you guys something.
You look at my nails.
How handsome are you looking guys?
Yes
Rahul Bhai, the roof is very fast.
Look guys, let us show you Rahul Bhaiya's house.
Look Oggy. Show Oggy first, brother.
Show Oggy first. What's going on.
Look at this guys. So Rahul Bhaiya's house is
yet to be built here. And the
house behind this is Daddu's house.
Yes Ogi, where are you going? He is
not afraid of this. How bad it would look on his nails.
I am even scared about this. I don't
come without slippers.
This is a very big mall.
Both are watching. Isn't it
?
Yes.
This is a very big mall.
This one is huge.
Look at this Bhayu. Come on down. There
is a lot. There are two people.
Yes. Yes, those are the two. There
are two children. What is the plan?
All of us live in the village. Let's go.
Mom, let me show you a dress. Mom, let
me show you the dress after wearing it. The
gates are not open.
where's Dad?
Papa has gone away. Some people ended up going there.
Okay,
G-MAT has opened. Just a dam.
Mummy mummy let me show you my outfit. They have
come from my Mtra. It
is a very beautiful outfit. You can tell me
how you look after looking at it. Ok. Ok, I will wear it and
show you. Let us go.
Ok. I am coming after closing it downstairs. You
sit in the room upstairs. I'll come. Okay guys.
So now I will show my outfits to mom.
I have ordered many beautiful
outfits. So let's show it now.
So guys, I will
not show you completely ready right now but you can see
how beautiful it looks. So let me go and
show it to mom.
How are you feeling?
Look wait, I'll show you the whole thing.
Here, you hold it like this. It
looks good. It looks dull.
Excellent. Let me show you another one, guys.
So here mom and Rocky are waiting for me.
Now we are going to change into another dress.
I will come right away. Lets go. So
guys this is my second outfit which looks beautiful.
Like, mirror work is being done all over it.
You should see its quality once.
Mirror work is being done on the entire dress. The
back is also in peach, meaning it has a
very cute design on the back.
And this is completely shrug type. There are
three set pieces on top of it which look very beautiful.
If you want to buy
any of these dresses, I will
send you the link. You can go there and say bye.
Ok. Come on, let's go and show it to mom.
Yes, madam, please tell me. Tell me
how does this feel? Tell me this one.
This is good. The color looks good, doesn't
it? The work is very heavy. So you
can wear it in weddings etc. Is there
no wedding coming up in our house
? Please tell. She will come, she will come. Will
come. The wedding will come. Okay, so let's go,
this dress is looking
great, isn't it? Are you liking it? Ogi, how are you looking? Sit down, see your seat,
Ogi, if you do
n't want me to click a good photo with you, otherwise I would have clicked a photo with this one,
so nice, come here, see you, seat, shake
and another see, shake and good boy, okay, you,
good boy, that's it for today's vlog, guys, I hope
you all liked it, see you all
in the next vlog, and
I am really sorry that I post
vlogs after so long. Like, I will tell you the truth,
brother, why do I
post so much from time to time. My friend, I don't know
why sometimes I feel so lonely.
Like sometimes I feel very lonely.
I will try. I try very hard to
do something new every day. I want to
keep mom and dad happy. I should
do something that keeps him distracted.
But friend, I don't know, while becoming so strong
or while showing off, I
sometimes feel like this, friend,
if Bhaiya was there, then I wouldn't have needed to become so strong. Whenever
I do any work, then I feel like,
friend, if
Bhaiya was there, then it would have been
very easy, very very easy,
if he was with me, then everything would have been done very well. I
just keep feeling that thing again and again, and
because of that, I feel so lonely
sometimes, that no matter how much a person alone can do,
what can he do? Sometimes I feel like this,
but then I convince myself, like I
think to myself, I convince myself that
no, you have done it till now, you have
become so strong till now, what is the need now,
why are you thinking like this, then I
convince myself, then
my mind keeps fighting with itself,
sometimes I feel that why do I have to be
alone, ask Bhaiya, friend,
why did you go, I mean, then my mind itself
tells me, it's okay, they have
trusted you. And whatever you are able to do till now,
you are able to do it because of him,
if he was not with you then
you would not have been able to do all this,
I just keep fighting with my mind constantly
and in the meantime I do
not realize that it has been five or six days since my vlogs, but but but
but friend, there is no need for me to feel lonely.
Why do I need to
feel lonely? My mom and dad are
with me. Ogi is with me. My brother is
with me. I have so much love from you all.
Like you guys love me so much,
I read the comments and I
feel so motivated that no friend, so
many people love you and
you are feeling lonely. Are you sitting and going
crazy?
I will put it since you put Vogs. Look friends,
if I do something in between that I am not posting vlogs, then
you guys should comment on me, Anshu Anshu, have you started
feeling lonely again, come on, post
vlogs quickly, I am
really sorry guys and I really love you
all friends, I mean you guys love me so much,
really I just can't express it, I am
saying this after controlling my inner
emotions, but I really really love it, I love
you so much, thank you so much for everything.
