Hey guys, welcome back to my channel.  So today Hey guys, welcome back to my channel.  So today Hey guys, welcome back to my channel.  So today I am wearing this beautiful dress. I am wearing this beautiful dress. I am wearing this beautiful dress. Actually my mother is saying that you have Actually my mother is saying that you have Actually my mother is saying that you have so many clothes and you don't wear anything. so many clothes and you don't wear anything. so many clothes and you don't wear anything. What will you do with them?  So from now on we are going to What will you do with them?  So from now on we are going to What will you do with them?  So from now on we are going to wear new clothes every day.  Like, wear new clothes every day.  Like, wear new clothes every day.  Like, this is really not new.  This is an old dress.  I had it with me for just this is really not new.  This is an old dress.  I had it with me for just this is really not new.  This is an old dress.  I had it with me for just this long.  But I am this long.  But I am this long.  But I am wearing it today.  But you look at its design, friend. wearing it today.  But you look at its design, friend. wearing it today.  But you look at its design, friend. Like how beautiful it is.  Corset Like how beautiful it is.  Corset Like how beautiful it is.  Corset detailing has been given here.  And you detailing has been given here.  And you detailing has been given here.  And you know there is a back cord at the back also.  So know there is a back cord at the back also.  So know there is a back cord at the back also.  So this looks very beautiful.  So let's live beautiful from today. this looks very beautiful.  So let's live beautiful from today. this looks very beautiful.  So let's live beautiful from today. Ok?  Now I have Ok?  Now I have Ok?  Now I have left my beggar era in which I used to look as if there was left my beggar era in which I used to look as if there was left my beggar era in which I used to look as if there was really a really a really a homeless person living in the house, so from now on homeless person living in the house, so from now on homeless person living in the house, so from now on we will wear good clothes. we will wear good clothes. we will wear good clothes. Ok?  So let's go downstairs now that Ok?  So let's go downstairs now that Ok?  So let's go downstairs now that my hair is done.  And let me my hair is done.  And let me my hair is done.  And let me show you my lip shade as well.  Look how show you my lip shade as well.  Look how show you my lip shade as well.  Look how beautiful it looks.  It looks like I have beautiful it looks.  It looks like I have beautiful it looks.  It looks like I have n't applied lipstick.  But let me show you n't applied lipstick.  But let me show you n't applied lipstick.  But let me show you which one it is.  I have applied this Mars which one it is.  I have applied this Mars which one it is.  I have applied this Mars lipstick.  Its shade is 12 lipstick.  Its shade is 12 lipstick.  Its shade is 12 Universal S.  I will post its Universal S.  I will post its Universal S.  I will post its link.  So you can buy it from there. link.  So you can buy it from there. link.  So you can buy it from there. But it is really beautiful, man.  Like it does But it is really beautiful, man.  Like it does But it is really beautiful, man.  Like it does n't look like I'm wearing lipstick.  It has a slightly n't look like I'm wearing lipstick.  It has a slightly n't look like I'm wearing lipstick.  It has a slightly natural color.  Looks cool brother.   I am natural color.  Looks cool brother.   I am natural color.  Looks cool brother.   I am thinking I will apply it one more day.   I will go and thinking I will apply it one more day.   I will go and show it to my mother as a complete Gulabo.  You will be surprised.  Mom will say, show it to my mother as a complete Gulabo.  You will be surprised.  Mom will say, show it to my mother as a complete Gulabo.  You will be surprised.  Mom will say, yes, from where did the sun rise today? yes, from where did the sun rise today? yes, from where did the sun rise today? How is she coming like this today?  So come on come on let's go guys let's go turn How is she coming like this today?  So come on come on let's go guys let's go turn How is she coming like this today?  So come on come on let's go guys let's go turn off the lights come on off the lights come on off the lights come on see Ogi Ogi how excited he has become see Ogi Ogi how excited he has become see Ogi Ogi how excited he has become hi mummy hi mummy hi mummy what Ogi no I don't want to spoil my dress what Ogi no I don't want to spoil my dress what Ogi no I don't want to spoil my dress this brother will spoil my dress kachi this brother will spoil my dress kachi this brother will spoil my dress kachi oh brother my mummy's veil doesn't stay put I oh brother my mummy's veil doesn't stay put I oh brother my mummy's veil doesn't stay put I brought the camera and first stop wait let brought the camera and first stop wait let brought the camera and first stop wait let me remove the veil properly go me remove the veil properly go me remove the veil properly go inside wait wait I said okay I have inside wait wait I said okay I have inside wait wait I said okay I have made curry and rice and eat it. made curry and rice and eat it. made curry and rice and eat it. Curry rice.  Ok.  Ok.  How do Curry rice.  Ok.  Ok.  How do Curry rice.  Ok.  Ok.  How do I look?  Tell me how I am looking? I look?  Tell me how I am looking? I look?  Tell me how I am looking? Good.   I am Good.   I am Good.   I am looking good, right?  Now I told you looking good, right?  Now I told you looking good, right?  Now I told you that I have a lot of clothes.  I don't wear that I have a lot of clothes.  I don't wear that I have a lot of clothes.  I don't wear anything.  So from now on I anything.  So from now on I anything.  So from now on I will wear new clothes every day.  Now I will show you will wear new clothes every day.  Now I will show you will wear new clothes every day.  Now I will show you all the clothes.  Ok?   Does all the clothes.  Ok?   Does all the clothes.  Ok?   Does n't wear it. n't wear it. n't wear it. Now I find him so comfortable at home.   I like them. Now I find him so comfortable at home.   I like them. Feels good, doesn't it?  Looks awesome.  Aunty, Feels good, doesn't it?  Looks awesome.  Aunty, Feels good, doesn't it?  Looks awesome.  Aunty, how does this dress look? how does this dress look? how does this dress look? Looks different and beautiful.  [laughs] Looks different and beautiful.  [laughs] Looks different and beautiful.  [laughs] Aunty, Aunty, Aunty, yes friend, this happens a lot during the rainy season, yes friend, this happens a lot during the rainy season, yes friend, this happens a lot during the rainy season, Aunty has just finished mopping the floor.  See, it is definitely going to Aunty has just finished mopping the floor.  See, it is definitely going to Aunty has just finished mopping the floor.  See, it is definitely going to rain after 1 hour. rain after 1 hour. rain after 1 hour. Look how clean it is. Look how clean it is. Look how clean it is. Yes.   Looked again. Yes.   Looked again. Yes.   Looked again. Look how the platform has shone. Look how the platform has shone. Look how the platform has shone. Look how beautiful it has become. Look how beautiful it has become. Look how beautiful it has become. I have prepared everything including curry, rice, roti and vegetables. I have prepared everything including curry, rice, roti and vegetables. I have prepared everything including curry, rice, roti and vegetables. tonight ok.  Ok.  Okay, let me go and see. tonight ok.  Ok.  Okay, let me go and see. tonight ok.  Ok.  Okay, let me go and see. I will put it on Ogi Ogi's ears every day. I will put it on Ogi Ogi's ears every day. I will put it on Ogi Ogi's ears every day. Look, the Look, the Look, the sleeper sleeper sleeper looks dirty. looks dirty. looks dirty. Oggy has been vaccinated.  I have administered Oggy has been vaccinated.  I have administered Oggy has been vaccinated.  I have administered this vaccine also. this vaccine also. this vaccine also. Wait, let me apply it on my hair every day.  Yes, dear Wait, let me apply it on my hair every day.  Yes, dear Wait, let me apply it on my hair every day.  Yes, dear aunty, why did you throw the mop, aunty, why did you throw the mop, aunty, why did you throw the mop, mummy, he took my rose, mummy, hold it, sit tight, wait, leave it, leave it, leave it, leave it, leave it, he wo mummy, he took my rose, mummy, hold it, sit tight, wait, leave it, leave it, leave it, leave it, leave it, he wo n't give it to me now, n't give it to me now, n't give it to me now, mummy, I will bring the biscuits, wait, I will bring the mummy, I will bring the biscuits, wait, I will bring the biscuits, he will give it to me, biscuits, he will give it to me, guys, look, there are so many jamuns on our jamun tree, brother, yes, during the rains, insects come in them, so we rarely eat them, during the rainy season, only those get infested with insects, we eat the good ones, friend, but the jamuns of our tree are very sweet, that's what they are guys, look, there are so many jamuns on our jamun tree, brother, yes, during the rains, insects come in them, so we rarely eat them, during the rainy season, only those get infested with insects, we eat the good ones, friend, but the jamuns of our tree are very sweet, that's what they are guys, look, there are so many jamuns on our jamun tree, brother, yes, during the rains, insects come in them, so we rarely eat them, during the rainy season, only those get infested with insects, we eat the good ones, friend, but the jamuns of our tree are very sweet, that's what they are saying, after cutting them, I came to know how these saying, after cutting them, I came to know how these saying, after cutting them, I came to know how these turn out, turn out, turn out, yes and I will show you guys, I will show you one more yes and I will show you guys, I will show you one more yes and I will show you guys, I will show you one more thing, pomegranate, thing, pomegranate, thing, pomegranate, look, look, look, who wants to eat, who wants to eat, who wants to eat, come home quickly, whoever wants to eat, come home quickly, whoever wants to eat, come home quickly, whoever wants to eat, this pomegranate, this is not ripe yet, this one is ripe, it is about to this pomegranate, this is not ripe yet, this one is ripe, it is about to this pomegranate, this is not ripe yet, this one is ripe, it is about to ripen, ripen, ripen, show me, show me, where is this one about to ripen, where is this one about to ripen, where is this one about to ripen, oh wow, look at this, guys, this pomegranate is about to ripen, it has become oh wow, look at this, guys, this pomegranate is about to ripen, it has become oh wow, look at this, guys, this pomegranate is about to ripen, it has become very big, friend, very big, friend, very big, friend, everyone keeps looking at it, opening the jamun  Yes, everyone keeps looking at it, opening the jamun  Yes, everyone keeps looking at it, opening the jamun  Yes, uncle ji will also have jamuns, he has uncle ji will also have jamuns, he has uncle ji will also have jamuns, he has pomegranates, brother, they are raw, brother, pomegranates, brother, they are raw, brother, pomegranates, brother, they are raw, brother, we from we from we from outside pluck all the jamuns that are there, I outside pluck all the jamuns that are there, I outside pluck all the jamuns that are there, I mean the driver uncles etc., the mean the driver uncles etc., the mean the driver uncles etc., the children who go to school children who go to school children who go to school eat them, the ones inside, Ogi and I, eat them, the ones inside, Ogi and I, eat them, the ones inside, Ogi and I, mom, all eat them, then they mom, all eat them, then they mom, all eat them, then they give it to us from inside, so how many will we give it to us from inside, so how many will we give it to us from inside, so how many will we eat. eat. eat. Yes, there are many but they are Yes, there are many but they are Yes, there are many but they are not very good during the rainy season.  There are insects in not very good during the rainy season.  There are insects in not very good during the rainy season.  There are insects in these.   There are these.   There are these.   There are insects. insects. insects. So during the rainy season we eat very little anyway.   There will be So during the rainy season we eat very little anyway.   There will be So during the rainy season we eat very little anyway.   There will be softness. softness. softness. This saree is all that is left.  The father is somewhere. This saree is all that is left.  The father is somewhere. This saree is all that is left.  The father is somewhere. Hey friend, Hey friend, Hey friend, wear it because of the heat. wear it because of the heat. wear it because of the heat. Now look, I am stopping wearing old clothes. Now look, I am stopping wearing old clothes. Now look, I am stopping wearing old clothes. You also stop it. You also stop it. You also stop it. I should also stop. I should also stop. I should also stop. Okay, right? Okay, right? Okay, right? Someone will give it to me. Someone will give it to me. Someone will give it to me. Do the same thing.  Now you too will have to change your mummy. Do the same thing.  Now you too will have to change your mummy. Do the same thing.  Now you too will have to change your mummy. Give it to me aunty, please give it to me. Give it to me aunty, please give it to me. Give it to me aunty, please give it to me. Yes.  I had sent one for later, two, three, four more are left, Yes.  I had sent one for later, two, three, four more are left, Yes.  I had sent one for later, two, three, four more are left, give them more, give them more, give them more, yes, just take these out too, now it is not like that you have taken out yes, just take these out too, now it is not like that you have taken out yes, just take these out too, now it is not like that you have taken out two or three sarees and wear them two or three sarees and wear them two or three sarees and wear them all the time, wear them after changing them all the time, wear them after changing them all the time, wear them after changing them brother, I cannot take out more than six or seven sarees at brother, I cannot take out more than six or seven sarees at brother, I cannot take out more than six or seven sarees at a time, oh a time, oh a time, oh friend, it does friend, it does friend, it does not fit after changing it repeatedly, oh then not fit after changing it repeatedly, oh then not fit after changing it repeatedly, oh then you put it back in the same but change it, you put it back in the same but change it, you put it back in the same but change it, friend, mom is friend, mom is friend, mom is fine, fine, fine, look at this goat, it is eating grass, look at this goat, it is eating grass, look at this goat, it is eating grass, what happened here brother, it has stomach upset, do what happened here brother, it has stomach upset, do what happened here brother, it has stomach upset, do you know that when dogs eat grass, you know that when dogs eat grass, you know that when dogs eat grass, such stomach upset occurs.  But I can such stomach upset occurs.  But I can such stomach upset occurs.  But I can eat it without it getting spoiled.  This is a goat.  The cow eat it without it getting spoiled.  This is a goat.  The cow eat it without it getting spoiled.  This is a goat.  The cow is the cow of our house. is the cow of our house. is the cow of our house. Look at this guys.  So mom has made Look at this guys.  So mom has made Look at this guys.  So mom has made curry today.  I have made so much Pakadi Kadhi rice. curry today.  I have made so much Pakadi Kadhi rice. curry today.  I have made so much Pakadi Kadhi rice. So let's eat now, guys.   It has So let's eat now, guys.   It has So let's eat now, guys.   It has n't happened to us yet, friend.  The kitchen n't happened to us yet, friend.  The kitchen n't happened to us yet, friend.  The kitchen utensils have not been cleaned.  It is happening.  The utensils have not been cleaned.  It is happening.  The utensils have not been cleaned.  It is happening.  The work is in progress.  Our aunt work is in progress.  Our aunt work is in progress.  Our aunt comes a little late.  That's why comes a little late.  That's why comes a little late.  That's why I made it thin. I made it thin. I made it thin. Yes.  Mom, I like Yes.  Mom, I like Yes.  Mom, I like her like this, thin.  Mom, I will take only this much. her like this, thin.  Mom, I will take only this much. her like this, thin.  Mom, I will take only this much. Please make it stand in this.  Sorry, I will Please make it stand in this.  Sorry, I will Please make it stand in this.  Sorry, I will take only this much.   The take only this much.   The take only this much.   The mouse has come. mouse has come. mouse has come. Look, she Look, she Look, she is imprisoned. is imprisoned. is imprisoned. You know, she was troubling me a lot for the last You know, she was troubling me a lot for the last You know, she was troubling me a lot for the last two-three days. two-three days. two-three days. One was roaming all over Chuuya's house. One was roaming all over Chuuya's house. One was roaming all over Chuuya's house. Yes.  And it was not being caught.   She has Yes.  And it was not being caught.   She has Yes.  And it was not being caught.   She has come with great difficulty today.   Give it to me, I will throw it throw it throw it here, Ogi was here, Ogi was here, Ogi was troubling Ogi a lot, you see, troubling Ogi a lot, you see, now Ogi will play like this, Ogi, now Ogi will play like this, Ogi, now Ogi will play like this, Ogi, no, no, no, now see, he has played with this now see, he has played with this now see, he has played with this Ogi very well, come inside, look, he is Ogi very well, come inside, look, he is Ogi very well, come inside, look, he is barking as if he will do something, barking as if he will do something, barking as if he will do something, Ogi, come inside, don't bother him, guys, Ogi, come inside, don't bother him, guys, Ogi, come inside, don't bother him, guys, today Kadhi rice is made, so we are not going to today Kadhi rice is made, so we are not going to today Kadhi rice is made, so we are not going to eat roti, we will eat Kadhi rice. eat roti, we will eat Kadhi rice. We have kept a lot of utensils for aunty.  Let's eat outside too. We have kept a lot of utensils for aunty.  Let's eat outside too. How are we made? How are we made? How are we made? Very tasty.  It's very good. Very tasty.  It's very good. Very tasty.  It's very good. Is good. Is good. Is good. Yes. Yes. Yes. I made it thin today. I made it thin today. I made it thin today. We are feeling very tasty.  But it is very good.   It is We are feeling very tasty.  But it is very good.   It is We are feeling very tasty.  But it is very good.   It is really very yummy.   If you really very yummy.   If you really very yummy.   If you add pakadi with rice then thin pakadi add pakadi with rice then thin pakadi add pakadi with rice then thin pakadi tastes good.  Thick seems useless. tastes good.  Thick seems useless. tastes good.  Thick seems useless. You too can eat it. You too can eat it. You too can eat it. I will eat.  Guys, look, I will eat.  Guys, look, I will eat.  Guys, look, we planted these tomatoes a little while ago.  Aunty we planted these tomatoes a little while ago.  Aunty we planted these tomatoes a little while ago.  Aunty planted them, I mean flowers have started blooming but I will plant chillies on them now. planted them, I mean flowers have started blooming but I will plant chillies on them now. We have planted chillies in this, I will We have planted chillies in this, I will We have planted chillies in this, I will plant two chillies. Go and plant chilli trees. plant two chillies. Go and plant chilli trees. plant two chillies. Go and plant chilli trees. No plants, no No plants, no No plants, no one should have to go to the vegetable market, there are one should have to go to the vegetable market, there are one should have to go to the vegetable market, there are so many big ones in the fields. Does so many big ones in the fields. Does so many big ones in the fields. Does that mean there is no need to go to the vegetable market, that mean there is no need to go to the vegetable market, that mean there is no need to go to the vegetable market, everything is grown at home itself, do everything here, whatever you have to do everything is grown at home itself, do everything here, whatever you have to do everything is grown at home itself, do everything here, whatever you have to do brother, cook good home-cooked food. brother, cook good home-cooked food. brother, cook good home-cooked food. Guys, see the weather is becoming like this, it is rainy, Guys, see the weather is becoming like this, it is rainy, Guys, see the weather is becoming like this, it is rainy, sometimes it clears up, sometimes it rains again, then it sometimes it clears up, sometimes it rains again, then it sometimes it clears up, sometimes it rains again, then it clears up again.  Let me show you guys something. clears up again.  Let me show you guys something. clears up again.  Let me show you guys something. You look at my nails. You look at my nails. You look at my nails. How handsome are you looking guys? How handsome are you looking guys? How handsome are you looking guys? Yes Yes Yes Rahul Bhai, the roof is very fast. Rahul Bhai, the roof is very fast. Rahul Bhai, the roof is very fast. Look guys, let us show you Rahul Bhaiya's house. Look guys, let us show you Rahul Bhaiya's house. Look guys, let us show you Rahul Bhaiya's house. Look Oggy.  Show Oggy first, brother. Look Oggy.  Show Oggy first, brother. Look Oggy.  Show Oggy first, brother. Show Oggy first.  What's going on. Show Oggy first.  What's going on. Show Oggy first.  What's going on. Look at this guys.  So Rahul Bhaiya's house is Look at this guys.  So Rahul Bhaiya's house is Look at this guys.  So Rahul Bhaiya's house is yet to be built here.  And the yet to be built here.  And the yet to be built here.  And the house behind this is Daddu's house. house behind this is Daddu's house. house behind this is Daddu's house. Yes Ogi, where are you going?  He is Yes Ogi, where are you going?  He is Yes Ogi, where are you going?  He is not afraid of this.  How bad it would look on his nails. not afraid of this.  How bad it would look on his nails. not afraid of this.  How bad it would look on his nails. I am even scared about this.  I don't I am even scared about this.  I don't I am even scared about this.  I don't come without slippers. come without slippers. come without slippers. This is a very big mall. This is a very big mall. This is a very big mall. Both are watching.   Isn't it Both are watching.   Isn't it Both are watching.   Isn't it ? ? ? Yes. Yes. Yes. This is a very big mall. This is a very big mall. This is a very big mall. This one is huge. This one is huge. This one is huge. Look at this Bhayu.  Come on down.   There Look at this Bhayu.  Come on down.   There Look at this Bhayu.  Come on down.   There is a lot.  There are two people. is a lot.  There are two people. is a lot.  There are two people. Yes.  Yes, those are the two.   There Yes.  Yes, those are the two.   There Yes.  Yes, those are the two.   There are two children.  What is the plan? are two children.  What is the plan? are two children.  What is the plan? All of us live in the village.   Let's go. All of us live in the village.   Let's go. Mom, let me show you a dress.  Mom, let Mom, let me show you a dress.  Mom, let Mom, let me show you a dress.  Mom, let me show you the dress after wearing it.   The me show you the dress after wearing it.   The me show you the dress after wearing it.   The gates are not open. gates are not open. gates are not open. where's Dad? where's Dad? where's Dad? Papa has gone away.  Some people ended up going there. Papa has gone away.  Some people ended up going there. Papa has gone away.  Some people ended up going there. Okay, Okay, Okay, G-MAT has opened.  Just a dam. G-MAT has opened.  Just a dam. G-MAT has opened.  Just a dam. Mummy mummy let me show you my outfit.  They have Mummy mummy let me show you my outfit.  They have Mummy mummy let me show you my outfit.  They have come from my Mtra.  It come from my Mtra.  It come from my Mtra.  It is a very beautiful outfit.  You can tell me is a very beautiful outfit.  You can tell me is a very beautiful outfit.  You can tell me how you look after looking at it.  Ok.  Ok, I will wear it and how you look after looking at it.  Ok.  Ok, I will wear it and how you look after looking at it.  Ok.  Ok, I will wear it and show you.  Let us go. show you.  Let us go. show you.  Let us go. Ok.  I am coming after closing it downstairs.  You Ok.  I am coming after closing it downstairs.  You Ok.  I am coming after closing it downstairs.  You sit in the room upstairs.  I'll come.  Okay guys. sit in the room upstairs.  I'll come.  Okay guys. sit in the room upstairs.  I'll come.  Okay guys. So now I will show my outfits to mom. So now I will show my outfits to mom. So now I will show my outfits to mom. I have ordered many beautiful I have ordered many beautiful I have ordered many beautiful outfits.  So let's show it now. outfits.  So let's show it now. outfits.  So let's show it now. So guys, I will So guys, I will So guys, I will not show you completely ready right now but you can see not show you completely ready right now but you can see not show you completely ready right now but you can see how beautiful it looks.  So let me go and how beautiful it looks.  So let me go and how beautiful it looks.  So let me go and show it to mom. show it to mom. show it to mom. How are you feeling? How are you feeling? How are you feeling? Look wait, I'll show you the whole thing. Look wait, I'll show you the whole thing. Look wait, I'll show you the whole thing. Here, you hold it like this.   It Here, you hold it like this.   It Here, you hold it like this.   It looks good.  It looks dull. looks good.  It looks dull. looks good.  It looks dull. Excellent.  Let me show you another one, guys. Excellent.  Let me show you another one, guys. Excellent.  Let me show you another one, guys. So here mom and Rocky are waiting for me. So here mom and Rocky are waiting for me. So here mom and Rocky are waiting for me. Now we are going to change into another dress. Now we are going to change into another dress. Now we are going to change into another dress. I will come right away.  Lets go.  So I will come right away.  Lets go.  So I will come right away.  Lets go.  So guys this is my second outfit which looks beautiful. guys this is my second outfit which looks beautiful. guys this is my second outfit which looks beautiful. Like, mirror work is being done all over it. Like, mirror work is being done all over it. Like, mirror work is being done all over it. You should see its quality once. You should see its quality once. You should see its quality once. Mirror work is being done on the entire dress.  The Mirror work is being done on the entire dress.  The Mirror work is being done on the entire dress.  The back is also in peach, meaning it has a back is also in peach, meaning it has a back is also in peach, meaning it has a very cute design on the back. very cute design on the back. very cute design on the back. And this is completely shrug type.  There are And this is completely shrug type.  There are And this is completely shrug type.  There are three set pieces on top of it which look very beautiful. three set pieces on top of it which look very beautiful. three set pieces on top of it which look very beautiful. If you want to buy If you want to buy If you want to buy any of these dresses, I will any of these dresses, I will any of these dresses, I will send you the link.  You can go there and say bye. send you the link.  You can go there and say bye. send you the link.  You can go there and say bye. Ok.  Come on, let's go and show it to mom. Ok.  Come on, let's go and show it to mom. Ok.  Come on, let's go and show it to mom. Yes, madam, please tell me.  Tell me Yes, madam, please tell me.  Tell me Yes, madam, please tell me.  Tell me how does this feel?  Tell me this one. This is good.  The color looks good, doesn't This is good.  The color looks good, doesn't This is good.  The color looks good, doesn't it?  The work is very heavy.  So you it?  The work is very heavy.  So you it?  The work is very heavy.  So you can wear it in weddings etc.   Is there can wear it in weddings etc.   Is there can wear it in weddings etc.   Is there no wedding coming up in our house no wedding coming up in our house no wedding coming up in our house ?  Please tell.  She will come, she will come.   Will ?  Please tell.  She will come, she will come.   Will ?  Please tell.  She will come, she will come.   Will come.   Will come.   Will come.   Will come.  The wedding will come.  Okay, so let's go, come.  The wedding will come.  Okay, so let's go, come.  The wedding will come.  Okay, so let's go, this dress is looking this dress is looking this dress is looking great, isn't it? Are you liking it? Ogi, how are you looking? Sit down, see your seat, great, isn't it? Are you liking it? Ogi, how are you looking? Sit down, see your seat, great, isn't it? Are you liking it? Ogi, how are you looking? Sit down, see your seat, Ogi, if you do Ogi, if you do Ogi, if you do n't want me to click a good photo with you, otherwise I would have clicked a photo with this one, n't want me to click a good photo with you, otherwise I would have clicked a photo with this one, n't want me to click a good photo with you, otherwise I would have clicked a photo with this one, so nice, come here, see you, seat, shake so nice, come here, see you, seat, shake so nice, come here, see you, seat, shake and another see, shake and good boy, okay, you, and another see, shake and good boy, okay, you, and another see, shake and good boy, okay, you, good boy, that's it for today's vlog, guys, I hope good boy, that's it for today's vlog, guys, I hope good boy, that's it for today's vlog, guys, I hope you all liked it, see you all you all liked it, see you all you all liked it, see you all in the next vlog, and in the next vlog, and in the next vlog, and I am really sorry that I post I am really sorry that I post I am really sorry that I post vlogs after so long.  Like, I will tell you the truth, vlogs after so long.  Like, I will tell you the truth, vlogs after so long.  Like, I will tell you the truth, brother, why do I brother, why do I brother, why do I post so much from time to time.  My friend, I don't know post so much from time to time.  My friend, I don't know post so much from time to time.  My friend, I don't know why sometimes I feel so lonely. why sometimes I feel so lonely. why sometimes I feel so lonely. Like sometimes I feel very lonely. Like sometimes I feel very lonely. I will try.  I try very hard to I will try.  I try very hard to I will try.  I try very hard to do something new every day.   I want to do something new every day.   I want to do something new every day.   I want to keep mom and dad happy.  I should keep mom and dad happy.  I should keep mom and dad happy.  I should do something that keeps him distracted. do something that keeps him distracted. do something that keeps him distracted. But friend, I don't know, while becoming so strong But friend, I don't know, while becoming so strong But friend, I don't know, while becoming so strong or while showing off, I or while showing off, I or while showing off, I sometimes feel like this, friend, sometimes feel like this, friend, sometimes feel like this, friend, if Bhaiya was there, then I wouldn't have needed to become so strong. Whenever if Bhaiya was there, then I wouldn't have needed to become so strong. Whenever if Bhaiya was there, then I wouldn't have needed to become so strong. Whenever I do any work, then I feel like, I do any work, then I feel like, I do any work, then I feel like, friend, if friend, if friend, if Bhaiya was there, then it would have been Bhaiya was there, then it would have been Bhaiya was there, then it would have been very easy, very very easy, very easy, very very easy, very easy, very very easy, if he was with me, then everything would have been done very well. I if he was with me, then everything would have been done very well. I if he was with me, then everything would have been done very well. I just keep feeling that thing again and again, and just keep feeling that thing again and again, and just keep feeling that thing again and again, and because of that, I feel so lonely because of that, I feel so lonely because of that, I feel so lonely sometimes, that no matter how much a person alone can do, sometimes, that no matter how much a person alone can do, sometimes, that no matter how much a person alone can do, what can he do? Sometimes I feel like this, what can he do? Sometimes I feel like this, but then I convince myself, like I but then I convince myself, like I but then I convince myself, like I think to myself, I convince myself that think to myself, I convince myself that think to myself, I convince myself that no, you have done it till now, you have no, you have done it till now, you have no, you have done it till now, you have become so strong till now, what is the need now, become so strong till now, what is the need now, become so strong till now, what is the need now, why are you thinking like this, then I why are you thinking like this, then I why are you thinking like this, then I convince myself, then convince myself, then convince myself, then my mind keeps fighting with itself, my mind keeps fighting with itself, my mind keeps fighting with itself, sometimes I feel that why do I have to be sometimes I feel that why do I have to be sometimes I feel that why do I have to be alone, ask Bhaiya, friend, alone, ask Bhaiya, friend, alone, ask Bhaiya, friend, why did you go, I mean, then my mind itself why did you go, I mean, then my mind itself why did you go, I mean, then my mind itself tells me, it's okay, they have tells me, it's okay, they have tells me, it's okay, they have trusted you.  And whatever you are able to do till now, trusted you.  And whatever you are able to do till now, trusted you.  And whatever you are able to do till now, you are able to do it because of him, you are able to do it because of him, you are able to do it because of him, if he was not with you then if he was not with you then if he was not with you then you would not have been able to do all this, you would not have been able to do all this, you would not have been able to do all this, I just keep fighting with my mind constantly I just keep fighting with my mind constantly I just keep fighting with my mind constantly and in the meantime I do and in the meantime I do and in the meantime I do not realize that it has been five or six days since my vlogs, but but but not realize that it has been five or six days since my vlogs, but but but but friend, there is no need for me to feel lonely. but friend, there is no need for me to feel lonely. but friend, there is no need for me to feel lonely. Why do I need to Why do I need to Why do I need to feel lonely?  My mom and dad are feel lonely?  My mom and dad are feel lonely?  My mom and dad are with me.  Ogi is with me.  My brother is with me.  Ogi is with me.  My brother is with me.  Ogi is with me.  My brother is with me.  I have so much love from you all. with me.  I have so much love from you all. with me.  I have so much love from you all. Like you guys love me so much, Like you guys love me so much, Like you guys love me so much, I read the comments and I I read the comments and I I read the comments and I feel so motivated that no friend, so feel so motivated that no friend, so feel so motivated that no friend, so many people love you and many people love you and many people love you and you are feeling lonely.  Are you sitting and going you are feeling lonely.  Are you sitting and going you are feeling lonely.  Are you sitting and going crazy? crazy? crazy? I will put it since you put Vogs.  Look friends, I will put it since you put Vogs.  Look friends, I will put it since you put Vogs.  Look friends, if I do something in between that I am not posting vlogs, then if I do something in between that I am not posting vlogs, then if I do something in between that I am not posting vlogs, then you guys should comment on me, Anshu Anshu, have you started you guys should comment on me, Anshu Anshu, have you started you guys should comment on me, Anshu Anshu, have you started feeling lonely again, come on, post feeling lonely again, come on, post feeling lonely again, come on, post vlogs quickly, I am vlogs quickly, I am vlogs quickly, I am really sorry guys and I really love you really sorry guys and I really love you really sorry guys and I really love you all friends, I mean you guys love me so much, all friends, I mean you guys love me so much, all friends, I mean you guys love me so much, really I just can't express it, I am really I just can't express it, I am really I just can't express it, I am saying this after controlling my inner saying this after controlling my inner saying this after controlling my inner emotions, but I really really love it, I love emotions, but I really really love it, I love emotions, but I really really love it, I love you so much, thank you so much for everything.