Imagine being able to become an expert
pickpocket
without actually having to learn how to
become a pickpocket. Well, today we're
going to be taking a look at the Gone
Wallet by Brandon Williams.
Hello, my friends, and welcome back to
another magic product review where my
job is to make you the best possible
entertainers that you can be. Now, I was
so fortunate to be able to see this in
action performed by the master and
creator himself, pickpocket and
mentalist Brandon Williams. He did an
amazing job at performing this. I
watched it so [snorts] many different
times, and every time he did, he
absolutely blew the minds of the
audience members that he performed for,
both layman and other magicians. And he
did so using all of the props that are
included here. So, when you buy the
product, it pretty much comes with
everything that you need to be able to
perform this, including the cash. So,
you don't even have to have any cash.
You can be completely broke, and you're
able to perform this. So, what is the
Gone Wallet? What does it do? Who is it
for? Let's get into it.
Hey, everyone. Michael O'Brien here with
some practical advice for you so that
you guys are protected and you don't get
your hard-earned cash or identity
stolen, whether you're walking around
through that dodgy neighborhood late at
night or you're taking the train to
work. Stay tuned cuz I have some advice
for all of you. Now, let's just imagine
you have your wallet here. It's a fully
packed wal- Oh, sorry. It's not. It's
missing my ID. Let's go ahead and add my
ID.
Okay, I'm not going to use my actual
driver's license. I'm not trying to get
doxxed here on YouTube, but we'll
pretend for the sake of argument that
that is indeed my driver's license. So,
what is going to happen now is the
pickpocket is going to want to go
through my wallet. They're going to want
to take out everything like like debit
cards and credit cards. Here's my ID.
They want to do some kind of identity
theft. They have the ID in there and all
of this stuff.
Oh, and obviously I have some spending
money as well. Not a whole lot of money,
just some 20s just things like this. So,
what's going to happen now is they're
going to try to take the wallet from
right underneath my nose.
Done.
I know what you're thinking. You still
see the wallet. But remember, a good
pickpocket will take the entire thing.
An amazing pickpocket, a true
professional,
will leave the wallet behind and only
steal
everything that is inside.
Now, of course, they have
Sorry, I'm going to set this down over
here for a second. Of course, they have
all of the things
that you lost like your spending money.
There's those 20s that I was telling you
about. Here's
one debit card here in my pocket and
right
about there I have another one under my
hat even.
I had time to get one
here inside of my sock. And that should
be everything, right? I don't think I
have
Oh, your ID. That's You're so right.
You're so right. I'm so sorry. That bit
is right here
inside of my pocket. And that, my
friends,
is going to protect you
from getting your identity stolen.
All right, my friends. I hope you
enjoyed that silly sort of little
performance. But I just wanted to kind
of show you what all is included in this
set, what kinds of material you learn,
what all you can do with this, and
ultimately who is this for. So, this is
a really freaking cool thing, right? I
have it set up now.
This is everything that you get inside.
You're going to get a couple of debit
cards, credit cards.
You're going to get the wallet itself,
and then the identification card will
actually be the spectator's borrowed ID.
So, this is actually a ID to pocket type
trick. So, the ID goes into the wallet,
it vanishes, and then it reappears
inside of your pocket along with all of
the other things. And so, you're going
to get the gimmick, which is built into
the wallet, and whoop, as I throw
everything on the floor.
And you're going to get duplicates of
all of the cards,
and even the cash. Like I said, you
could be completely broke and have zero
money in the bank, but you're still
going to be able to perform this trick.
So, you're going to get a wad of $20
bills, and this looks
pretty realistic in my opinion. They
feel real, [snorts] they look real, and
the reason for that is because these are
actual motion picture film prop bills.
So, this is the high-quality stuff. Same
with the cards. Uh, these are very
high-quality motion picture quality
um, cards. So, you have like a First
Union Bank card. Uh, you have like an
Atlas Financial, supposed to be like a
MasterCard.
And then you have, um, like a debit
card, an American Express card here.
Right? So, really realistic looking,
they feel great, they look great. You
get all of that and the wallet. So, the
wallet itself
is really designed to do all kinds of
cool stuff. So, again, imagine here,
imagine that this is like the
spectator's
uh, driver's license. Um, you got like
credit cards, right? You have, uh, if I
can get this out here just like this.
You have some cash in here. Um, you put
everything inside the wallet, you hand
this to the spectator to hold on to.
It's got their ID inside of it.
And then just like that,
everything vanishes
from inside of the wallet. So, it's a
really clean vanish and happens in the
spectator's hands. And then from there,
you put the wallet away and you start to
produce everything
that you picked off of the spectator
including
their ID, which will come out of your
pocket. So,
that's everything that you receive in
the set. Is there any kind of arts and
crafts or set up? Yes, there is. There
is an initial set up where you're going
to set up the wallet. Uh it'll take
about 10 to 15 minutes to do this
initial set up. It's nothing crazy. Once
you've set up the wallet, it is set up
forever. This is just like an EDC thing
that you can just have set up on you.
You have everything in there that you
need. And then when you're ready to
perform the trick, all you do is just
put all of the bits all around your body
wherever you want to reveal them. You
can put pocket somebody and you can be
like, "Hey, you got my card." if you
want. And you can have the card flying
to their purse or their pocket or
whatever. You just got to set up where
you produce the cards from and then
you're ready to go. And it comes with
everything inside. The wallet's set and
ready to go so that you can just start
performing the trick right away. It
really is easy to do, too. It's
practically self-working.
It does all of the work for you once
you've practiced and you've gotten
familiar with using the gimmick and all
of that stuff. So, it's a really really
cool
sort of pseudo pickpocketing style
routine where you can make it look as
though you were sneaky enough to sneak
everything out of the wallet without the
spectator seeing it while they're
holding the wallet. So, it's a pretty
cool premise.
Let's just say you're not a pickpocket
and you don't want to look like a
pickpocket. There's different ways that
you could present this. You could
present this as a magic trick where you
put everything in the wallet and you put
it in their hand and you say like
and there goes your ID.
And you do all of these things
and then you produce all of the things
and then the wallet's open and all the
things have vanished from the wallet.
So, you could do it like a magic trick
if you wanted to. You can do it as a
sort of story-based [snorts]
trick, where you're like, "Hey, I was
riding on the subway the other day, and
someone nicked my wallet, but jokes on
them, cuz when they got home, and they
opened it, everything was gone, and back
on me, where it needed to be." And then
you can say like like I was able to keep
all of my stuff. The pickpocket, the
thief, was not able to steal anything
from me because I'm a magician, and blah
blah blah. Whatever story you want to
tell,
you can use this prop to be able to
accomplish that.
You can also use the wallet as a
card-to-wallet gimmick,
or a card vanishing device. So, you
could take like a card, have it signed,
lose it into the deck, and then have
that card appear inside of the wallet.
Or, you can go the other direction with
it. You can have a card signed, lost
into the wallet, and put away into your
pocket,
but the wallet is designed in such a way
that allows you to steal
that card out of the wallet. You can use
it as a billet peek if you want to. You
can stick a billet in there, put it
away, and then steal the billet out from
the wallet. There's all sorts of
different things that you can do with
the wallet gimmick itself that don't
have anything to do directly with this
pickpocket routine. So, we already
talked about what you receive inside. We
talked about the different things you
can do with it. Uh what are you going to
learn? Like, what content is covered in
this? First of all, you're going to get
two different versions of the
performance. You're going to get a
performance in a close-up setting, where
it's sort of a one-on-one style street
magic performance-based
style routine. And you're going to get a
stage presentation that's meant to be
like a more corporate performance,
performed for a large audience. So,
you're going to get those different
performances, a bunch of other different
footage of the wallet in action, and
you're going to learn how to set this
up. You're going to learn different
handlings, different ways to use
everything. You're going to learn how to
gimmick everything. He's even going to
teach you how to do this with your own
bank card. So, if you don't want to use
the props cuz you maybe you want to do
something a little bit more realistic,
you can do this with your own bank
cards.
He doesn't recommend it and I personally
don't recommend it either because you
don't want to be actually handing out
your real bank cards to your audience
members for them to look at and like
steal your bank information.
You don't want to do that, but you could
if you really wanted to. Let's just say
you're not a American performer. Maybe
you live in the United Kingdom or in
Europe or in Japan or wherever, anywhere
in the world, you don't have to use the
currency that he gives you. He gives you
like I said, this motion picture money.
Right? Let me uh
show you here what it looks like. I
think it looks really cool. It's pretty
realistic.
All right. So, that looks
looks like a $20 bill, doesn't it?
But, it says um motion picture purposes
on it.
Right?
So, prop money.
You can use real
dollar but you can use real 20s if you
want to. You don't have to use 20s. You
can use like a bunch of different cash
like fives, 10s. You can use hundreds if
you really want to.
Um you can use foreign currency if you
want to. So, this doesn't have to be
dollar bills. You can use
British pounds or euro or whatever
different types of denomination work
best in your country. You can use any
different styles of money or cards that
you really want to. Personally, I
recommend using the props that he
includes so that you're not worried
about getting stolen any of your bank
cards or cash or any of that. But, if
you want a more realistic approach and
you want to be able to hand things out
for examination at the end, in theory,
you can do that. So, it's completely up
to you. The teaching is amazing. He goes
step-by-step through how to do
everything. Like I said, you have that
initial setup in the beginning. It takes
about 10 to 15 minutes depending on how
quick you are.
Um but it's fully customizable, so he
tells you how to set it up in a way that
makes the most sense for you. He shows
you how he does it, but he gives you
advice on different ways that you can
use it. All sorts of different things.
There's bonus ideas, bonus routines, and
all of the things taught in there. So,
you really do get a load of valuable
content with this product.
So, my friends, that is the Gone Wallet.
I'm curious to know, what are you going
to do with it? If you guys already own
this, what have you done? If you're
considering picking it up, I'm curious
to know what you would like to do with
it. Let me know if you guys have any
questions at all. I'm happy to answer
those in the comment section below.
Thank you so much for joining. If you
haven't already done so, please click
the subscribe button. Don't forget to
ring the bell. That way you know every
time I upload a new video. And if you
would like to become a member and
support the channel, go ahead and do
what these guys did here. Click the join
button and become a member of the mob.
You'll get early access to videos.
You'll be able to watch tutorials. You
get full access to the Imagination
Project audiobook series. You'll even
get one-on-one access with me where you
can pick my brain about anything you
like. We really just want to make you
guys the best possible entertainers that
you can be.
Bye, everyone. Huge thanks to all of my
members. It is because of you that I'm
able to keep this channel going. So,
thank you so much for joining, and I'll
see you guys in the next magic product
review.
Hey, everyone. Michael O'Brien here. I
just wanted to thank you so much for
watching this video. If you enjoyed it,
want to see more videos just like it,
please go ahead, click the subscribe
button, click the like button, the share
button, the button, button, and
any other buttons of that nature. Don't
forget to check out my website
obrienmagic.com for some really cool
magic [music] products. I'll see you in
the next video.
Take care.
