Imagine being able to become an expert Imagine being able to become an expert Imagine being able to become an expert pickpocket pickpocket pickpocket without actually having to learn how to without actually having to learn how to without actually having to learn how to become a pickpocket. Well, today we're become a pickpocket. Well, today we're become a pickpocket. Well, today we're going to be taking a look at the Gone going to be taking a look at the Gone going to be taking a look at the Gone Wallet by Brandon Williams. Hello, my friends, and welcome back to Hello, my friends, and welcome back to Hello, my friends, and welcome back to another magic product review where my another magic product review where my another magic product review where my job is to make you the best possible job is to make you the best possible job is to make you the best possible entertainers that you can be. Now, I was entertainers that you can be. Now, I was entertainers that you can be. Now, I was so fortunate to be able to see this in so fortunate to be able to see this in so fortunate to be able to see this in action performed by the master and action performed by the master and action performed by the master and creator himself, pickpocket and creator himself, pickpocket and creator himself, pickpocket and mentalist Brandon Williams. He did an mentalist Brandon Williams. He did an mentalist Brandon Williams. He did an amazing job at performing this. I amazing job at performing this. I amazing job at performing this. I watched it so [snorts] many different watched it so [snorts] many different watched it so [snorts] many different times, and every time he did, he times, and every time he did, he times, and every time he did, he absolutely blew the minds of the absolutely blew the minds of the absolutely blew the minds of the audience members that he performed for, audience members that he performed for, audience members that he performed for, both layman and other magicians. And he both layman and other magicians. And he both layman and other magicians. And he did so using all of the props that are did so using all of the props that are did so using all of the props that are included here. So, when you buy the included here. So, when you buy the included here. So, when you buy the product, it pretty much comes with product, it pretty much comes with product, it pretty much comes with everything that you need to be able to everything that you need to be able to everything that you need to be able to perform this, including the cash. So, perform this, including the cash. So, perform this, including the cash. So, you don't even have to have any cash. you don't even have to have any cash. you don't even have to have any cash. You can be completely broke, and you're You can be completely broke, and you're You can be completely broke, and you're able to perform this. So, what is the able to perform this. So, what is the able to perform this. So, what is the Gone Wallet? What does it do? Who is it Gone Wallet? What does it do? Who is it Gone Wallet? What does it do? Who is it for? Let's get into it. for? Let's get into it. for? Let's get into it. Hey, everyone. Michael O'Brien here with Hey, everyone. Michael O'Brien here with Hey, everyone. Michael O'Brien here with some practical advice for you so that some practical advice for you so that some practical advice for you so that you guys are protected and you don't get you guys are protected and you don't get you guys are protected and you don't get your hard-earned cash or identity your hard-earned cash or identity your hard-earned cash or identity stolen, whether you're walking around stolen, whether you're walking around stolen, whether you're walking around through that dodgy neighborhood late at through that dodgy neighborhood late at through that dodgy neighborhood late at night or you're taking the train to night or you're taking the train to night or you're taking the train to work. Stay tuned cuz I have some advice work. Stay tuned cuz I have some advice work. Stay tuned cuz I have some advice for all of you. Now, let's just imagine for all of you. Now, let's just imagine for all of you. Now, let's just imagine you have your wallet here. It's a fully you have your wallet here. It's a fully you have your wallet here. It's a fully packed wal- Oh, sorry. It's not. It's packed wal- Oh, sorry. It's not. It's packed wal- Oh, sorry. It's not. It's missing my ID. Let's go ahead and add my missing my ID. Let's go ahead and add my missing my ID. Let's go ahead and add my ID. ID. ID. Okay, I'm not going to use my actual Okay, I'm not going to use my actual Okay, I'm not going to use my actual driver's license. I'm not trying to get driver's license. I'm not trying to get driver's license. I'm not trying to get doxxed here on YouTube, but we'll doxxed here on YouTube, but we'll doxxed here on YouTube, but we'll pretend for the sake of argument that pretend for the sake of argument that pretend for the sake of argument that that is indeed my driver's license. So, that is indeed my driver's license. So, that is indeed my driver's license. So, what is going to happen now is the what is going to happen now is the what is going to happen now is the pickpocket is going to want to go pickpocket is going to want to go pickpocket is going to want to go through my wallet. They're going to want through my wallet. They're going to want through my wallet. They're going to want to take out everything like like debit to take out everything like like debit to take out everything like like debit cards and credit cards. Here's my ID. cards and credit cards. Here's my ID. cards and credit cards. Here's my ID. They want to do some kind of identity They want to do some kind of identity They want to do some kind of identity theft. They have the ID in there and all theft. They have the ID in there and all theft. They have the ID in there and all of this stuff. of this stuff. of this stuff. Oh, and obviously I have some spending Oh, and obviously I have some spending Oh, and obviously I have some spending money as well. Not a whole lot of money, money as well. Not a whole lot of money, money as well. Not a whole lot of money, just some 20s just things like this. So, just some 20s just things like this. So, just some 20s just things like this. So, what's going to happen now is they're what's going to happen now is they're what's going to happen now is they're going to try to take the wallet from going to try to take the wallet from going to try to take the wallet from right underneath my nose. Done. Done. Done. I know what you're thinking. You still I know what you're thinking. You still I know what you're thinking. You still see the wallet. But remember, a good see the wallet. But remember, a good see the wallet. But remember, a good pickpocket will take the entire thing. pickpocket will take the entire thing. pickpocket will take the entire thing. An amazing pickpocket, a true An amazing pickpocket, a true An amazing pickpocket, a true professional, professional, professional, will leave the wallet behind and only will leave the wallet behind and only will leave the wallet behind and only steal steal steal everything that is inside. everything that is inside. everything that is inside. Now, of course, they have Now, of course, they have Now, of course, they have Sorry, I'm going to set this down over Sorry, I'm going to set this down over Sorry, I'm going to set this down over here for a second. Of course, they have here for a second. Of course, they have here for a second. Of course, they have all of the things all of the things all of the things that you lost like your spending money. that you lost like your spending money. that you lost like your spending money. There's those 20s that I was telling you There's those 20s that I was telling you There's those 20s that I was telling you about. Here's about. Here's about. Here's one debit card here in my pocket and one debit card here in my pocket and one debit card here in my pocket and right right right about there I have another one under my about there I have another one under my about there I have another one under my hat even. hat even. hat even. >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> I had time to get one >> I had time to get one >> I had time to get one here inside of my sock. And that should here inside of my sock. And that should here inside of my sock. And that should be everything, right? I don't think I be everything, right? I don't think I be everything, right? I don't think I have have have Oh, your ID. That's You're so right. Oh, your ID. That's You're so right. Oh, your ID. That's You're so right. You're so right. I'm so sorry. That bit You're so right. I'm so sorry. That bit You're so right. I'm so sorry. That bit is right here is right here is right here inside of my pocket. And that, my inside of my pocket. And that, my inside of my pocket. And that, my friends, friends, friends, is going to protect you is going to protect you is going to protect you from getting your identity stolen. from getting your identity stolen. from getting your identity stolen. All right, my friends. I hope you All right, my friends. I hope you All right, my friends. I hope you enjoyed that silly sort of little enjoyed that silly sort of little enjoyed that silly sort of little performance. But I just wanted to kind performance. But I just wanted to kind performance. But I just wanted to kind of show you what all is included in this of show you what all is included in this of show you what all is included in this set, what kinds of material you learn, set, what kinds of material you learn, set, what kinds of material you learn, what all you can do with this, and what all you can do with this, and what all you can do with this, and ultimately who is this for. So, this is ultimately who is this for. So, this is ultimately who is this for. So, this is a really freaking cool thing, right? I a really freaking cool thing, right? I a really freaking cool thing, right? I have it set up now. have it set up now. have it set up now. This is everything that you get inside. This is everything that you get inside. This is everything that you get inside. You're going to get a couple of debit You're going to get a couple of debit You're going to get a couple of debit cards, credit cards. cards, credit cards. cards, credit cards. You're going to get the wallet itself, You're going to get the wallet itself, You're going to get the wallet itself, and then the identification card will and then the identification card will and then the identification card will actually be the spectator's borrowed ID. actually be the spectator's borrowed ID. actually be the spectator's borrowed ID. So, this is actually a ID to pocket type So, this is actually a ID to pocket type So, this is actually a ID to pocket type trick. So, the ID goes into the wallet, trick. So, the ID goes into the wallet, trick. So, the ID goes into the wallet, it vanishes, and then it reappears it vanishes, and then it reappears it vanishes, and then it reappears inside of your pocket along with all of inside of your pocket along with all of inside of your pocket along with all of the other things. And so, you're going the other things. And so, you're going the other things. And so, you're going to get the gimmick, which is built into to get the gimmick, which is built into to get the gimmick, which is built into the wallet, and whoop, as I throw the wallet, and whoop, as I throw the wallet, and whoop, as I throw everything on the floor. everything on the floor. everything on the floor. And you're going to get duplicates of And you're going to get duplicates of And you're going to get duplicates of all of the cards, all of the cards, all of the cards, and even the cash. Like I said, you and even the cash. Like I said, you and even the cash. Like I said, you could be completely broke and have zero could be completely broke and have zero could be completely broke and have zero money in the bank, but you're still money in the bank, but you're still money in the bank, but you're still going to be able to perform this trick. going to be able to perform this trick. going to be able to perform this trick. So, you're going to get a wad of $20 So, you're going to get a wad of $20 So, you're going to get a wad of $20 bills, and this looks bills, and this looks bills, and this looks pretty realistic in my opinion. They pretty realistic in my opinion. They pretty realistic in my opinion. They feel real, [snorts] they look real, and feel real, [snorts] they look real, and feel real, [snorts] they look real, and the reason for that is because these are the reason for that is because these are the reason for that is because these are actual motion picture film prop bills. actual motion picture film prop bills. actual motion picture film prop bills. So, this is the high-quality stuff. Same So, this is the high-quality stuff. Same So, this is the high-quality stuff. Same with the cards. Uh, these are very with the cards. Uh, these are very with the cards. Uh, these are very high-quality motion picture quality high-quality motion picture quality high-quality motion picture quality um, cards. So, you have like a First um, cards. So, you have like a First um, cards. So, you have like a First Union Bank card. Uh, you have like an Union Bank card. Uh, you have like an Union Bank card. Uh, you have like an Atlas Financial, supposed to be like a Atlas Financial, supposed to be like a Atlas Financial, supposed to be like a MasterCard. MasterCard. MasterCard. And then you have, um, like a debit And then you have, um, like a debit And then you have, um, like a debit card, an American Express card here. card, an American Express card here. card, an American Express card here. Right? So, really realistic looking, Right? So, really realistic looking, Right? So, really realistic looking, they feel great, they look great. You they feel great, they look great. You they feel great, they look great. You get all of that and the wallet. So, the get all of that and the wallet. So, the get all of that and the wallet. So, the wallet itself wallet itself wallet itself is really designed to do all kinds of is really designed to do all kinds of is really designed to do all kinds of cool stuff. So, again, imagine here, cool stuff. So, again, imagine here, cool stuff. So, again, imagine here, imagine that this is like the imagine that this is like the imagine that this is like the spectator's spectator's spectator's uh, driver's license. Um, you got like uh, driver's license. Um, you got like uh, driver's license. Um, you got like credit cards, right? You have, uh, if I credit cards, right? You have, uh, if I credit cards, right? You have, uh, if I can get this out here just like this. can get this out here just like this. can get this out here just like this. You have some cash in here. Um, you put You have some cash in here. Um, you put You have some cash in here. Um, you put everything inside the wallet, you hand everything inside the wallet, you hand everything inside the wallet, you hand this to the spectator to hold on to. this to the spectator to hold on to. this to the spectator to hold on to. It's got their ID inside of it. It's got their ID inside of it. It's got their ID inside of it. And then just like that, And then just like that, And then just like that, everything vanishes everything vanishes everything vanishes from inside of the wallet. So, it's a from inside of the wallet. So, it's a from inside of the wallet. So, it's a really clean vanish and happens in the really clean vanish and happens in the really clean vanish and happens in the spectator's hands. And then from there, spectator's hands. And then from there, spectator's hands. And then from there, you put the wallet away and you start to you put the wallet away and you start to you put the wallet away and you start to produce everything produce everything produce everything that you picked off of the spectator that you picked off of the spectator that you picked off of the spectator including including including their ID, which will come out of your their ID, which will come out of your their ID, which will come out of your pocket. So, pocket. So, pocket. So, that's everything that you receive in that's everything that you receive in that's everything that you receive in the set. Is there any kind of arts and the set. Is there any kind of arts and the set. Is there any kind of arts and crafts or set up? Yes, there is. There crafts or set up? Yes, there is. There crafts or set up? Yes, there is. There is an initial set up where you're going is an initial set up where you're going is an initial set up where you're going to set up the wallet. Uh it'll take to set up the wallet. Uh it'll take to set up the wallet. Uh it'll take about 10 to 15 minutes to do this about 10 to 15 minutes to do this about 10 to 15 minutes to do this initial set up. It's nothing crazy. Once initial set up. It's nothing crazy. Once initial set up. It's nothing crazy. Once you've set up the wallet, it is set up you've set up the wallet, it is set up you've set up the wallet, it is set up forever. This is just like an EDC thing forever. This is just like an EDC thing forever. This is just like an EDC thing that you can just have set up on you. that you can just have set up on you. that you can just have set up on you. You have everything in there that you You have everything in there that you You have everything in there that you need. And then when you're ready to need. And then when you're ready to need. And then when you're ready to perform the trick, all you do is just perform the trick, all you do is just perform the trick, all you do is just put all of the bits all around your body put all of the bits all around your body put all of the bits all around your body wherever you want to reveal them. You wherever you want to reveal them. You wherever you want to reveal them. You can put pocket somebody and you can be can put pocket somebody and you can be can put pocket somebody and you can be like, "Hey, you got my card." if you like, "Hey, you got my card." if you like, "Hey, you got my card." if you want. And you can have the card flying want. And you can have the card flying want. And you can have the card flying to their purse or their pocket or to their purse or their pocket or to their purse or their pocket or whatever. You just got to set up where whatever. You just got to set up where whatever. You just got to set up where you produce the cards from and then you produce the cards from and then you produce the cards from and then you're ready to go. And it comes with you're ready to go. And it comes with you're ready to go. And it comes with everything inside. The wallet's set and everything inside. The wallet's set and everything inside. The wallet's set and ready to go so that you can just start ready to go so that you can just start ready to go so that you can just start performing the trick right away. It performing the trick right away. It performing the trick right away. It really is easy to do, too. It's really is easy to do, too. It's really is easy to do, too. It's practically self-working. practically self-working. practically self-working. It does all of the work for you once It does all of the work for you once It does all of the work for you once you've practiced and you've gotten you've practiced and you've gotten you've practiced and you've gotten familiar with using the gimmick and all familiar with using the gimmick and all familiar with using the gimmick and all of that stuff. So, it's a really really of that stuff. So, it's a really really of that stuff. So, it's a really really cool cool cool sort of pseudo pickpocketing style sort of pseudo pickpocketing style sort of pseudo pickpocketing style routine where you can make it look as routine where you can make it look as routine where you can make it look as though you were sneaky enough to sneak though you were sneaky enough to sneak though you were sneaky enough to sneak everything out of the wallet without the everything out of the wallet without the everything out of the wallet without the spectator seeing it while they're spectator seeing it while they're spectator seeing it while they're holding the wallet. So, it's a pretty holding the wallet. So, it's a pretty holding the wallet. So, it's a pretty cool premise. cool premise. cool premise. Let's just say you're not a pickpocket Let's just say you're not a pickpocket Let's just say you're not a pickpocket and you don't want to look like a and you don't want to look like a and you don't want to look like a pickpocket. There's different ways that pickpocket. There's different ways that pickpocket. There's different ways that you could present this. You could you could present this. You could you could present this. You could present this as a magic trick where you present this as a magic trick where you present this as a magic trick where you put everything in the wallet and you put put everything in the wallet and you put put everything in the wallet and you put it in their hand and you say like and there goes your ID. And you do all of these things And you do all of these things And you do all of these things and then you produce all of the things and then you produce all of the things and then you produce all of the things and then the wallet's open and all the and then the wallet's open and all the and then the wallet's open and all the things have vanished from the wallet. things have vanished from the wallet. things have vanished from the wallet. So, you could do it like a magic trick So, you could do it like a magic trick So, you could do it like a magic trick if you wanted to. You can do it as a if you wanted to. You can do it as a if you wanted to. You can do it as a sort of story-based [snorts] sort of story-based [snorts] sort of story-based [snorts] trick, where you're like, "Hey, I was trick, where you're like, "Hey, I was trick, where you're like, "Hey, I was riding on the subway the other day, and riding on the subway the other day, and riding on the subway the other day, and someone nicked my wallet, but jokes on someone nicked my wallet, but jokes on someone nicked my wallet, but jokes on them, cuz when they got home, and they them, cuz when they got home, and they them, cuz when they got home, and they opened it, everything was gone, and back opened it, everything was gone, and back opened it, everything was gone, and back on me, where it needed to be." And then on me, where it needed to be." And then on me, where it needed to be." And then you can say like like I was able to keep you can say like like I was able to keep you can say like like I was able to keep all of my stuff. The pickpocket, the all of my stuff. The pickpocket, the all of my stuff. The pickpocket, the thief, was not able to steal anything thief, was not able to steal anything thief, was not able to steal anything from me because I'm a magician, and blah from me because I'm a magician, and blah from me because I'm a magician, and blah blah blah. Whatever story you want to blah blah. Whatever story you want to blah blah. Whatever story you want to tell, tell, tell, you can use this prop to be able to you can use this prop to be able to you can use this prop to be able to accomplish that. accomplish that. accomplish that. You can also use the wallet as a You can also use the wallet as a You can also use the wallet as a card-to-wallet gimmick, card-to-wallet gimmick, card-to-wallet gimmick, or a card vanishing device. So, you or a card vanishing device. So, you or a card vanishing device. So, you could take like a card, have it signed, could take like a card, have it signed, could take like a card, have it signed, lose it into the deck, and then have lose it into the deck, and then have lose it into the deck, and then have that card appear inside of the wallet. that card appear inside of the wallet. that card appear inside of the wallet. Or, you can go the other direction with Or, you can go the other direction with Or, you can go the other direction with it. You can have a card signed, lost it. You can have a card signed, lost it. You can have a card signed, lost into the wallet, and put away into your into the wallet, and put away into your into the wallet, and put away into your pocket, pocket, pocket, but the wallet is designed in such a way but the wallet is designed in such a way but the wallet is designed in such a way that allows you to steal that allows you to steal that allows you to steal that card out of the wallet. You can use that card out of the wallet. You can use that card out of the wallet. You can use it as a billet peek if you want to. You it as a billet peek if you want to. You it as a billet peek if you want to. You can stick a billet in there, put it can stick a billet in there, put it can stick a billet in there, put it away, and then steal the billet out from away, and then steal the billet out from away, and then steal the billet out from the wallet. There's all sorts of the wallet. There's all sorts of the wallet. There's all sorts of different things that you can do with different things that you can do with different things that you can do with the wallet gimmick itself that don't the wallet gimmick itself that don't the wallet gimmick itself that don't have anything to do directly with this have anything to do directly with this have anything to do directly with this pickpocket routine. So, we already pickpocket routine. So, we already pickpocket routine. So, we already talked about what you receive inside. We talked about what you receive inside. We talked about what you receive inside. We talked about the different things you talked about the different things you talked about the different things you can do with it. Uh what are you going to can do with it. Uh what are you going to can do with it. Uh what are you going to learn? Like, what content is covered in learn? Like, what content is covered in learn? Like, what content is covered in this? First of all, you're going to get this? First of all, you're going to get this? First of all, you're going to get two different versions of the two different versions of the two different versions of the performance. You're going to get a performance. You're going to get a performance. You're going to get a performance in a close-up setting, where performance in a close-up setting, where performance in a close-up setting, where it's sort of a one-on-one style street it's sort of a one-on-one style street it's sort of a one-on-one style street magic performance-based magic performance-based magic performance-based style routine. And you're going to get a style routine. And you're going to get a style routine. And you're going to get a stage presentation that's meant to be stage presentation that's meant to be stage presentation that's meant to be like a more corporate performance, like a more corporate performance, like a more corporate performance, performed for a large audience. So, performed for a large audience. So, performed for a large audience. So, you're going to get those different you're going to get those different you're going to get those different performances, a bunch of other different performances, a bunch of other different performances, a bunch of other different footage of the wallet in action, and footage of the wallet in action, and footage of the wallet in action, and you're going to learn how to set this you're going to learn how to set this you're going to learn how to set this up. You're going to learn different up. You're going to learn different up. You're going to learn different handlings, different ways to use handlings, different ways to use handlings, different ways to use everything. You're going to learn how to everything. You're going to learn how to everything. You're going to learn how to gimmick everything. He's even going to gimmick everything. He's even going to gimmick everything. He's even going to teach you how to do this with your own teach you how to do this with your own teach you how to do this with your own bank card. So, if you don't want to use bank card. So, if you don't want to use bank card. So, if you don't want to use the props cuz you maybe you want to do the props cuz you maybe you want to do the props cuz you maybe you want to do something a little bit more realistic, something a little bit more realistic, something a little bit more realistic, you can do this with your own bank you can do this with your own bank you can do this with your own bank cards. cards. cards. He doesn't recommend it and I personally He doesn't recommend it and I personally He doesn't recommend it and I personally don't recommend it either because you don't recommend it either because you don't recommend it either because you don't want to be actually handing out don't want to be actually handing out don't want to be actually handing out your real bank cards to your audience your real bank cards to your audience your real bank cards to your audience members for them to look at and like members for them to look at and like members for them to look at and like steal your bank information. steal your bank information. steal your bank information. You don't want to do that, but you could You don't want to do that, but you could You don't want to do that, but you could if you really wanted to. Let's just say if you really wanted to. Let's just say if you really wanted to. Let's just say you're not a American performer. Maybe you're not a American performer. Maybe you're not a American performer. Maybe you live in the United Kingdom or in you live in the United Kingdom or in you live in the United Kingdom or in Europe or in Japan or wherever, anywhere Europe or in Japan or wherever, anywhere Europe or in Japan or wherever, anywhere in the world, you don't have to use the in the world, you don't have to use the in the world, you don't have to use the currency that he gives you. He gives you currency that he gives you. He gives you currency that he gives you. He gives you like I said, this motion picture money. like I said, this motion picture money. like I said, this motion picture money. Right? Let me uh Right? Let me uh Right? Let me uh show you here what it looks like. I show you here what it looks like. I show you here what it looks like. I think it looks really cool. It's pretty think it looks really cool. It's pretty think it looks really cool. It's pretty realistic. realistic. realistic. All right. So, that looks All right. So, that looks All right. So, that looks looks like a $20 bill, doesn't it? looks like a $20 bill, doesn't it? looks like a $20 bill, doesn't it? But, it says um motion picture purposes But, it says um motion picture purposes But, it says um motion picture purposes on it. on it. on it. Right? Right? Right? So, prop money. So, prop money. So, prop money. You can use real You can use real You can use real dollar but you can use real 20s if you dollar but you can use real 20s if you dollar but you can use real 20s if you want to. You don't have to use 20s. You want to. You don't have to use 20s. You want to. You don't have to use 20s. You can use like a bunch of different cash can use like a bunch of different cash can use like a bunch of different cash like fives, 10s. You can use hundreds if like fives, 10s. You can use hundreds if like fives, 10s. You can use hundreds if you really want to. you really want to. you really want to. Um you can use foreign currency if you Um you can use foreign currency if you Um you can use foreign currency if you want to. So, this doesn't have to be want to. So, this doesn't have to be want to. So, this doesn't have to be dollar bills. You can use dollar bills. You can use dollar bills. You can use British pounds or euro or whatever British pounds or euro or whatever British pounds or euro or whatever different types of denomination work different types of denomination work different types of denomination work best in your country. You can use any best in your country. You can use any best in your country. You can use any different styles of money or cards that different styles of money or cards that different styles of money or cards that you really want to. Personally, I you really want to. Personally, I you really want to. Personally, I recommend using the props that he recommend using the props that he recommend using the props that he includes so that you're not worried includes so that you're not worried includes so that you're not worried about getting stolen any of your bank about getting stolen any of your bank about getting stolen any of your bank cards or cash or any of that. But, if cards or cash or any of that. But, if cards or cash or any of that. But, if you want a more realistic approach and you want a more realistic approach and you want a more realistic approach and you want to be able to hand things out you want to be able to hand things out you want to be able to hand things out for examination at the end, in theory, for examination at the end, in theory, for examination at the end, in theory, you can do that. So, it's completely up you can do that. So, it's completely up you can do that. So, it's completely up to you. The teaching is amazing. He goes to you. The teaching is amazing. He goes to you. The teaching is amazing. He goes step-by-step through how to do step-by-step through how to do step-by-step through how to do everything. Like I said, you have that everything. Like I said, you have that everything. Like I said, you have that initial setup in the beginning. It takes initial setup in the beginning. It takes initial setup in the beginning. It takes about 10 to 15 minutes depending on how about 10 to 15 minutes depending on how about 10 to 15 minutes depending on how quick you are. quick you are. quick you are. Um but it's fully customizable, so he Um but it's fully customizable, so he Um but it's fully customizable, so he tells you how to set it up in a way that tells you how to set it up in a way that tells you how to set it up in a way that makes the most sense for you. He shows makes the most sense for you. He shows makes the most sense for you. He shows you how he does it, but he gives you you how he does it, but he gives you you how he does it, but he gives you advice on different ways that you can advice on different ways that you can advice on different ways that you can use it. All sorts of different things. use it. All sorts of different things. use it. All sorts of different things. There's bonus ideas, bonus routines, and There's bonus ideas, bonus routines, and There's bonus ideas, bonus routines, and all of the things taught in there. So, all of the things taught in there. So, all of the things taught in there. So, you really do get a load of valuable you really do get a load of valuable you really do get a load of valuable content with this product. content with this product. content with this product. So, my friends, that is the Gone Wallet. So, my friends, that is the Gone Wallet. So, my friends, that is the Gone Wallet. I'm curious to know, what are you going I'm curious to know, what are you going I'm curious to know, what are you going to do with it? If you guys already own to do with it? If you guys already own to do with it? If you guys already own this, what have you done? If you're this, what have you done? If you're this, what have you done? If you're considering picking it up, I'm curious considering picking it up, I'm curious considering picking it up, I'm curious to know what you would like to do with to know what you would like to do with to know what you would like to do with it. Let me know if you guys have any it. Let me know if you guys have any it. Let me know if you guys have any questions at all. I'm happy to answer questions at all. I'm happy to answer questions at all. I'm happy to answer those in the comment section below. those in the comment section below. those in the comment section below. Thank you so much for joining. If you Thank you so much for joining. If you Thank you so much for joining. If you haven't already done so, please click haven't already done so, please click haven't already done so, please click the subscribe button. Don't forget to the subscribe button. Don't forget to the subscribe button. Don't forget to ring the bell. That way you know every ring the bell. That way you know every ring the bell. That way you know every time I upload a new video. And if you time I upload a new video. And if you time I upload a new video. And if you would like to become a member and would like to become a member and would like to become a member and support the channel, go ahead and do support the channel, go ahead and do support the channel, go ahead and do what these guys did here. Click the join what these guys did here. Click the join what these guys did here. Click the join button and become a member of the mob. button and become a member of the mob. button and become a member of the mob. You'll get early access to videos. You'll get early access to videos. You'll get early access to videos. You'll be able to watch tutorials. You You'll be able to watch tutorials. You You'll be able to watch tutorials. You get full access to the Imagination get full access to the Imagination get full access to the Imagination Project audiobook series. You'll even Project audiobook series. You'll even Project audiobook series. You'll even get one-on-one access with me where you get one-on-one access with me where you get one-on-one access with me where you can pick my brain about anything you can pick my brain about anything you can pick my brain about anything you like. We really just want to make you like. We really just want to make you like. We really just want to make you guys the best possible entertainers that guys the best possible entertainers that guys the best possible entertainers that you can be. you can be. you can be. Bye, everyone. Huge thanks to all of my Bye, everyone. Huge thanks to all of my Bye, everyone. Huge thanks to all of my members. It is because of you that I'm members. It is because of you that I'm members. It is because of you that I'm able to keep this channel going. So, able to keep this channel going. So, able to keep this channel going. So, thank you so much for joining, and I'll thank you so much for joining, and I'll thank you so much for joining, and I'll see you guys in the next magic product see you guys in the next magic product see you guys in the next magic product review. review. review. Hey, everyone. Michael O'Brien here. I Hey, everyone. Michael O'Brien here. I Hey, everyone. Michael O'Brien here. I just wanted to thank you so much for just wanted to thank you so much for just wanted to thank you so much for watching this video. If you enjoyed it, watching this video. If you enjoyed it, watching this video. If you enjoyed it, want to see more videos just like it, want to see more videos just like it, want to see more videos just like it, please go ahead, click the subscribe please go ahead, click the subscribe please go ahead, click the subscribe button, click the like button, the share button, click the like button, the share button, click the like button, the share button, the button, button, and button, the button, button, and button, the button, button, and any other buttons of that nature. Don't any other buttons of that nature. Don't any other buttons of that nature. Don't forget to check out my website forget to check out my website forget to check out my website obrienmagic.com for some really cool obrienmagic.com for some really cool obrienmagic.com for some really cool magic [music] products. I'll see you in magic [music] products. I'll see you in magic [music] products. I'll see you in the next video. the next video. the next video. Take care.