My purse brother my purse My purse brother my purse My purse brother my purse baby my purse baby my purse baby my purse I am here brother I am here brother I am here brother I know baby you told me only I know baby you told me only I know baby you told me only but tell these two also so that they but tell these two also so that they but tell these two also so that they both get convinced [laughs] baby [laughs] baby [laughs] baby baby you told me Papa quickly leave the house and run away. Papa quickly leave the house and run away. Papa quickly leave the house and run away. But what happened? But what happened? But what happened? Sister is coming to tie Rakhi. Sister is coming to tie Rakhi. Sister is coming to tie Rakhi. Hey, sister is coming to tie Rakhi, so Hey, sister is coming to tie Rakhi, so Hey, sister is coming to tie Rakhi, so what is there to run away from?  Give me ₹1 or what is there to run away from?  Give me ₹1 or what is there to run away from?  Give me ₹1 or ₹200.   Is ₹200.   Is ₹200.   Is aunt also coming? aunt also coming? aunt also coming? Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Hi.  Lock the house and run away. Hi.  Lock the house and run away. Hi.  Lock the house and run away. Robbers are coming to the house.  [laughter] Look, my friend has bought a new car. Look, my friend has bought a new car. Look, my friend has bought a new car. Ok.  After sitting in it, do Ok.  After sitting in it, do Ok.  After sitting in it, do not do anything as if it is our daughter.  Ok. not do anything as if it is our daughter.  Ok. not do anything as if it is our daughter.  Ok. okay brother.   Do okay brother.   Do okay brother.   Do n't sit brother, I am coming. n't sit brother, I am coming. n't sit brother, I am coming. Hey, sit with me brother.   Whether Hey, sit with me brother.   Whether Hey, sit with me brother.   Whether I sit or not, I sit or not, I sit or not, friend, you sit.  Come on [laughs] what's this button for? Hey lower it down how much is it brother? how much is it brother? how much is it brother? But wait a second Hey brother, yes tell me where am I in Hey brother, yes tell me where am I in Hey brother, yes tell me where am I in front of me, hey I don't mean where are you?   In front of me, hey I don't mean where are you?   In front of me, hey I don't mean where are you?   In front of you. front of you. front of you. Hey brother, how should I tell you now?  I mean, Hey brother, how should I tell you now?  I mean, Hey brother, how should I tell you now?  I mean, where are we both?  face to face. where are we both?  face to face. where are we both?  face to face. Tell me where does this road lead?  This Tell me where does this road lead?  This Tell me where does this road lead?  This road leads nowhere.  You have to go yourself. road leads nowhere.  You have to go yourself. road leads nowhere.  You have to go yourself. Hey brother, I mean, I want to go to Kathmandu, Hey brother, I mean, I want to go to Kathmandu, Hey brother, I mean, I want to go to Kathmandu, Nepal. Nepal. Nepal. Hey brother, please go then.  If you keep telling everyone like this, Hey brother, please go then.  If you keep telling everyone like this, Hey brother, please go then.  If you keep telling everyone like this, when will you reach? when will you reach? when will you reach? Brother, go, Brother, go, Brother, go, go quickly, Kathmandu is very bad from here go quickly, Kathmandu is very bad from here go quickly, Kathmandu is very bad from here and listen, don't ask anyone from here, and listen, don't ask anyone from here, and listen, don't ask anyone from here, go quickly, bye, here you go brother, brother, brother, hey madam, I don't want it, hey madam, I don't want it, hey madam, I don't want it, why don't I want it, aren't you a beggar? Yes why don't I want it, aren't you a beggar? Yes why don't I want it, aren't you a beggar? Yes madam, I am a beggar, madam, I am a beggar, madam, I am a beggar, why am I not taking money, why am I not taking money, why am I not taking money, look madam, it's lunch time, come after an hour look madam, it's lunch time, come after an hour look madam, it's lunch time, come after an hour You beggars also have lunch time, You beggars also have lunch time, You beggars also have lunch time, yes madam, everyone has lunch time, what do you think, it's yes madam, everyone has lunch time, what do you think, it's yes madam, everyone has lunch time, what do you think, it's my job only my job only my job only yes, tell me what happened? yes, tell me what happened? yes, tell me what happened? Nothing sir, you were looking for a maid brother, so Nothing sir, you were looking for a maid brother, so Nothing sir, you were looking for a maid brother, so I came for that. I came for that. I came for that. Yes, I told you, what all do you do? Yes, I told you, what all do you do? Yes, I told you, what all do you do? Hey sir, I will sweep, mop Hey sir, I will sweep, mop Hey sir, I will sweep, mop and even dust your house. and even dust your house. and even dust your house. Correct.  How much will you take? Correct.  How much will you take? Correct.  How much will you take? ₹2,000. ₹2,000. ₹2,000. ₹2,000?  It's too much. ₹2,000?  It's too much. ₹2,000?  It's too much. Why is it too much, sir?  All the Why is it too much, sir?  All the Why is it too much, sir?  All the maids are charging ₹2,000. maids are charging ₹2,000. maids are charging ₹2,000. What happened sir?  How much is she saying?   She is What happened sir?  How much is she saying?   She is What happened sir?  How much is she saying?   She is saying ₹2000. saying ₹2000. saying ₹2000. What sir?  Where is ₹2000?  Remove it.  I will do it What sir?  Where is ₹2000?  Remove it.  I will do it What sir?  Where is ₹2000?  Remove it.  I will do it for ₹1000. for ₹1000. for ₹1000. Yes, okay, okay.  Come on. Yes, okay, okay.  Come on. Yes, okay, okay.  Come on. Hey hey sir, I was just joking.  Neither Hey hey sir, I was just joking.  Neither Hey hey sir, I was just joking.  Neither will I take 2000 nor will I take 1500 nor will I will I take 2000 nor will I take 1500 nor will I will I take 2000 nor will I take 1500 nor will I take 1000.  She will do the work directly for ₹500.   Please take 1000.  She will do the work directly for ₹500.   Please take 1000.  She will do the work directly for ₹500.   Please go, sister.  Why are you kicking me in the stomach go, sister.  Why are you kicking me in the stomach go, sister.  Why are you kicking me in the stomach ?   That's a ?   That's a ?   That's a great thing.  Come on. great thing.  Come on. great thing.  Come on. Come on sir. Come on sir. Come on sir. So he must be a very mean man. So he must be a very mean man. So he must be a very mean man. Sir, please raise your legs. Sir, please raise your legs. Sir, please raise your legs. And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come. And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come. And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come. Brother, I am going shopping.  You Brother, I am going shopping.  You Brother, I am going shopping.  You deposit the money in the account.  Bhaiya deposit the money in the account.  Bhaiya deposit the money in the account.  Bhaiya Bhaiya Bhaiya Bhaiya sa ji, who is this?  This is my sister. sa ji, who is this?  This is my sister. sa ji, who is this?  This is my sister. Sister Papa will come after drinking some water. Papa will come after drinking some water. Papa will come after drinking some water. Drink water, brother [laughs] No one should know that we are one should know that we are one should know that we are coming to the restaurant for the first time. coming to the restaurant for the first time. coming to the restaurant for the first time. You have come for the first time.  We did not come.  Ok. You have come for the first time.  We did not come.  Ok. You have come for the first time.  We did not come.  Ok. We keep coming. We keep coming. We keep coming. Why is it not opening what are Why is it not opening what are Why is it not opening what are you doing don't go there [laughs] hey move back I will open it okay the door hey move back I will open it okay the door hey move back I will open it okay the door opens like this [laughs] opens like this [laughs] opens like this [laughs] hey move aside then let me sit let me sit hey move aside then let me sit let me sit hey move aside then let me sit let me sit wow friend the sofa is so nice wow [laughs] wow friend the sofa is so nice wow [laughs] wow friend the sofa is so nice wow [laughs] so nice look at that spoon no problem I will take it so nice look at that spoon no problem I will take it so nice look at that spoon no problem I will take it home sir I have not come to study.  We have come to eat food. sir I have not come to study.  We have come to eat food. Hey ma'am, this is the food ordering menu. Hey ma'am, this is the food ordering menu. Hey ma'am, this is the food ordering menu. Please order after seeing this. Please order after seeing this. Please order after seeing this. Okay, fine sir, I understand. Sir, what is this ₹10? Sir, what is this ₹10? Sir, what is this ₹10? Okay, this is a water bottle ma'am. Okay, this is a water bottle ma'am. Okay, this is a water bottle ma'am. So, is it spicy or sweet to eat So, is it spicy or sweet to eat So, is it spicy or sweet to eat ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] ?  [laughter] Oh brother, leave it.  Bring the mineral sticks for a minute.   I have Oh brother, leave it.  Bring the mineral sticks for a minute.   I have given you a very thin roti, friend given you a very thin roti, friend given you a very thin roti, friend no, I have no, I have no, I have given you a very thin roti, friend [laughs] brother, when mobile is not allowed at the petrol pump, then why the brother, when mobile is not allowed at the petrol pump, then why the brother, when mobile is not allowed at the petrol pump, then why the online facility, when you online facility, when you online facility, when you knew that she will cheat you, then why did you love her knew that she will cheat you, then why did you love her knew that she will cheat you, then why did you love her ?  [laughter] Oh, madam, leave it.  Where will you go? Oh, madam, leave it.  Where will you go? Oh, madam, leave it.  Where will you go? Malvi Nagar to Mansarovar Mansarovar to Malvi Malvi Nagar to Mansarovar Mansarovar to Malvi Malvi Nagar to Mansarovar Mansarovar to Malvi Nagar.  And this bus will just go away.  So he Nagar.  And this bus will just go away.  So he Nagar.  And this bus will just go away.  So he said you will go. said you will go. said you will go. Hey, I will take it with me. Hey, I will take it with me. Hey, I will take it with me. Hey, who are you to take the bread? Hey, who are you to take the bread? Hey, who are you to take the bread? Hey friend, I am a conductor.  But the bus is Hey friend, I am a conductor.  But the bus is Hey friend, I am a conductor.  But the bus is driven by the driver, isn't it? driven by the driver, isn't it? driven by the driver, isn't it? Oh [laughs] yes didi, only the driver will take it.  He Oh [laughs] yes didi, only the driver will take it.  He Oh [laughs] yes didi, only the driver will take it.  He is my brother.  He is my brother.  You sit down, friend. is my brother.  He is my brother.  You sit down, friend. is my brother.  He is my brother.  You sit down, friend. You sit.  Hey, why did you lie?   I made a You sit.  Hey, why did you lie?   I made a You sit.  Hey, why did you lie?   I made a mistake.  Please forgive me.  Now mistake.  Please forgive me.  Now mistake.  Please forgive me.  Now sit down.  Now sit down.  Come.  Do you also travel in this bus sit down.  Now sit down.  Come.  Do you also travel in this bus sit down.  Now sit down.  Come.  Do you also travel in this bus ? ? ? Hey, I am a conductor so I will come in this bus only.   I Hey, I am a conductor so I will come in this bus only.   I Hey, I am a conductor so I will come in this bus only.   I will go, right?  So who books your ticket? will go, right?  So who books your ticket? will go, right?  So who books your ticket? Hey, I'm the conductor.  Who Hey, I'm the conductor.  Who Hey, I'm the conductor.  Who will book my ticket? will book my ticket? will book my ticket? Why?  Don't you travel in this bus? Why?  Don't you travel in this bus? Why?  Don't you travel in this bus? Oh, yes sister.  I travel in this bus only. Oh, yes sister.  I travel in this bus only. Oh, yes sister.  I travel in this bus only. Good?  You show me the ticket. Good?  You show me the ticket. Good?  You show me the ticket. Mother Goddess, tell me where will you go?  I have to Mother Goddess, tell me where will you go?  I have to Mother Goddess, tell me where will you go?  I have to go to my home.  Come sit, come sit.  Hey, move away. go to my home.  Come sit, come sit.  Hey, move away. go to my home.  Come sit, come sit.  Hey, move away. I have brought my scooter. I have brought my scooter. I have brought my scooter. [laughs] It's a wonderful weather, Bhabhi.  Do one thing, wonderful weather, Bhabhi.  Do one thing, wonderful weather, Bhabhi.  Do one thing, make some tea for me.  Stop the sugar and make some tea for me.  Stop the sugar and make some tea for me.  Stop the sugar and hit the leaf.  Get up. hit the leaf.  Get up. hit the leaf.  Get up. I am your servant sitting here.  Sister-in-law, I am your servant sitting here.  Sister-in-law, I am your servant sitting here.  Sister-in-law, make tea.  The weather is getting nicer.  You make tea.  The weather is getting nicer.  You make tea.  The weather is getting nicer.  You cannot explain anything to him.  I will do all the work. cannot explain anything to him.  I will do all the work. cannot explain anything to him.  I will do all the work. Hey, how long will you insult your brother?  He has grown so big. Hey, how long will you insult your brother?  He has grown so big. Hey, how long will you insult your brother?  He has grown so big. You can't do even a few things yourself.   Go and You can't do even a few things yourself.   Go and You can't do even a few things yourself.   Go and make tea yourself.  I have the papers of my share of make tea yourself.  I have the papers of my share of make tea yourself.  I have the papers of my share of land.  Sign it quickly.  Should I land.  Sign it quickly.  Should I land.  Sign it quickly.  Should I also add ginger and cardamom to the tea?   Should I also add ginger and cardamom to the tea?   Should I also add ginger and cardamom to the tea?   Should I also give you salty biscuits along with it? also give you salty biscuits along with it? also give you salty biscuits along with it? No, no, no.  I will only eat Meerut's mushrooms and No, no, no.  I will only eat Meerut's mushrooms and No, no, no.  I will only eat Meerut's mushrooms and Nankhatai biscuits. Nankhatai biscuits. Nankhatai biscuits. That is not the case. That is not the case. That is not the case. Wait, you make tea, I will bring it from Meerut. Wait, you make tea, I will bring it from Meerut. Wait, you make tea, I will bring it from Meerut. Run and reach there, so that we don't go. Run and reach there, so that we don't go. Run and reach there, so that we don't go. Sitting on the stick, I got my ass kicked Sitting on the stick, I got my ass kicked Sitting on the stick, I got my ass kicked [laughs] then he took me away, hey, let's [laughs] then he took me away, hey, let's sit back sit back sit back one second Arman Bhai, will we go to the market, tell me will we go or Arman Bhai, will we go to the market, tell me will we go or Arman Bhai, will we go to the market, tell me will we go or not? Hey, why are you not saying anything?  Hey Hey, why are you not saying anything?  Hey Hey, why are you not saying anything?  Hey Armaan, Armaan, Armaan, hey Armaan, give me the password of the hotspot.   I need to hey Armaan, give me the password of the hotspot.   I need to hey Armaan, give me the password of the hotspot.   I need to update my mobile. update my mobile. update my mobile. Why is brother not speaking? Why is brother not speaking? Why is brother not speaking? Hey brother, open it and take ₹10. Hey brother, open it and take ₹10. Hey brother, open it and take ₹10. Brother, it Brother, it Brother, it opened.  Passwords are from one to eight. opened.  Passwords are from one to eight. opened.  Passwords are from one to eight. Hey, tell me what happened? Hey, tell me what happened? Hey, tell me what happened? Hey, say something, friend.  We will know only if he tells us.  Should I Hey, say something, friend.  We will know only if he tells us.  Should I Hey, say something, friend.  We will know only if he tells us.  Should I call? call? We don't talk to dogs. [laughs] It will be fun, right? fun, right? fun, right? Where are you from brother?   From right Where are you from brother?   From right Where are you from brother?   From right here in the neighborhood behind? here in the neighborhood behind? here in the neighborhood behind? How much is this gutkha? How much is this gutkha? How much is this gutkha? Of ₹20. Of ₹20. Of ₹20. And how long have you been eating? And how long have you been eating? And how long have you been eating? It's been about 15-20 years. It's been about 15-20 years. It's been about 15-20 years. Hey brother, if you had saved this gutkha money Hey brother, if you had saved this gutkha money Hey brother, if you had saved this gutkha money for 15-20 years, you too would have had a for 15-20 years, you too would have had a for 15-20 years, you too would have had a similar car.  It is a fact. similar car.  It is a fact. similar car.  It is a fact. Hey brother, that car is mine. Hey brother, that car is mine. Hey brother, that car is mine. What is the matter, sir.  What is the matter, sir. What is the matter, sir.  What is the matter, sir. What is the matter, sir.  What is the matter, sir. Clean it properly. Clean it properly. Clean it properly. Father. Father. Father. Hey my son, you have come back from school. Hey my son, you have come back from school. Hey my son, you have come back from school. Yes, Papa has come.  Papa, tell me one thing, Yes, Papa has come.  Papa, tell me one thing, Yes, Papa has come.  Papa, tell me one thing, why is 15th August celebrated?  What happened on why is 15th August celebrated?  What happened on why is 15th August celebrated?  What happened on 15th August? 15th August? 15th August? Son, 15th August is celebrated because Son, 15th August is celebrated because Son, 15th August is celebrated because our country got independence on 15th August. our country got independence on 15th August. Hey dad, why are you lying?  You are still a Hey dad, why are you lying?  You are still a Hey dad, why are you lying?  You are still a slave to your mother. slave to your mother. slave to your mother. Brother, will you give me 500 rupees in cash? Brother, will you give me 500 rupees in cash? Brother, will you give me 500 rupees in cash? Come on madam, I will give it to you. Come on madam, I will give it to you. Come on madam, I will give it to you. Yellow.  [MUSIC] Here you go, Yellow.  [MUSIC] Here you go, Yellow.  [MUSIC] Here you go, madam. madam. madam. 1 2 3 4 5 By the way brother, tell me one thing. 1 2 3 4 5 By the way brother, tell me one thing. 1 2 3 4 5 By the way brother, tell me one thing. How much profit did you get from this money? How much profit did you get from this money? How much profit did you get from this money? Hey madam, what will I gain Hey madam, what will I gain Hey madam, what will I gain by exchanging money? by exchanging money? by exchanging money? No brother, don't lie.  The shopkeeper is a man.   A No brother, don't lie.  The shopkeeper is a man.   A No brother, don't lie.  The shopkeeper is a man.   A shopkeeper never works without profit shopkeeper never works without profit shopkeeper never works without profit ?  Hey madam, if you feel like this then ?  Hey madam, if you feel like this then ?  Hey madam, if you feel like this then take your 500 rupee note and take your 500 rupee note and take your 500 rupee note and give me my money back. give me my money back. give me my money back. Hey brother, why are you angry?   The Hey brother, why are you angry?   The Hey brother, why are you angry?   The shopkeeper is a man.  You have such a big shop. shopkeeper is a man.  You have such a big shop. shopkeeper is a man.  You have such a big shop. Its rent also has to be paid, electricity Its rent also has to be paid, electricity Its rent also has to be paid, electricity bill also has to be paid.  Earn brother, earn. bill also has to be paid.  Earn brother, earn. bill also has to be paid.  Earn brother, earn. Earn it comfortably [laughs]. Earn it comfortably [laughs]. Earn it comfortably [laughs]. I can't abuse.  Don't abuse, I can't abuse.  Don't abuse, I can't abuse.  Don't abuse, look at family. look at family. look at family. Run, we are old drivers.  Run it at 80.   The Run, we are old drivers.  Run it at 80.   The Run, we are old drivers.  Run it at 80.   The thread went on and the villagers were watching the ass being thread went on and the villagers were watching the ass being thread went on and the villagers were watching the ass being torn.  Sit down, oh my god, oh my god [laughs] friend, torn.  Sit down, oh my god, oh my god [laughs] friend, torn.  Sit down, oh my god, oh my god [laughs] friend, now sitting like this will not work brother, now sitting like this will not work brother, now sitting like this will not work brother, we will have to either find a good job or do some we will have to either find a good job or do some we will have to either find a good job or do some good business, good business, good business, how long will we work if we sit unemployed like this [music] how long will we work if we sit unemployed like this [music] how long will we work if we sit unemployed like this [music] oh bastard Gaurav Bhai is doing this, yes yes yes oh bastard Gaurav Bhai is doing this, yes yes yes Gaurav Bhai, how are you, Gaurav Bhai, how are you, Gaurav Bhai, how are you, oh brother, we are very good, oh brother, we are very good, oh brother, we are very good, tell me how are you, oh tell me how are you, oh tell me how are you, oh what about us brother, we are what about us brother, we are what about us brother, we are sitting unemployed like this, looking for something, sitting unemployed like this, looking for something, sitting unemployed like this, looking for something, looking for a job.  Okay, leave all this. looking for a job.  Okay, leave all this. looking for a job.  Okay, leave all this. Tell me what's going on these days? Tell me what's going on these days? Tell me what's going on these days? Hey, these days you have opened a hotel at a very Hey, these days you have opened a hotel at a very Hey, these days you have opened a hotel at a very good location. good location. good location. Hey brother, it's great, you must be printing money like that. Hey brother, it's great, you must be printing money like that. Oh yes brother, I get Rs 10-15 lakhs per month. Oh yes brother, I get Rs 10-15 lakhs per month. Oh yes brother, I get Rs 10-15 lakhs per month. Okay, it will be less by 10-15 lakhs brother. Okay, it will be less by 10-15 lakhs brother. Okay, it will be less by 10-15 lakhs brother. Come, come sometime.  You guys also come here to visit. Come, come sometime.  You guys also come here to visit. Come, come sometime.  You guys also come here to visit. Hey brother, listen for sure brother.  We make Hey brother, listen for sure brother.  We make Hey brother, listen for sure brother.  We make plans.  I will plan and inform you in advance plans.  I will plan and inform you in advance plans.  I will plan and inform you in advance that yes, I am coming on this day.  Ok. that yes, I am coming on this day.  Ok. that yes, I am coming on this day.  Ok. okay brother. okay brother. okay brother. Hey, you have made a great restaurant.  He is looking completely natural, completely Hey, you have made a great restaurant.  He is looking completely natural, completely Hey, you have made a great restaurant.  He is looking completely natural, completely dressed up, wait wait, I will dressed up, wait wait, I will dressed up, wait wait, I will call him, he will surprise me here and I will be call him, he will surprise me here and I will be call him, he will surprise me here and I will be completely hooked there completely hooked there completely hooked there Hello Hello Hello Bhaiya, I smiled completely, don't do this my love, give me Bhaiya, I smiled completely, don't do this my love, give me Bhaiya, I smiled completely, don't do this my love, give me one Fevicol, yes the one Fevicol, yes the one Fevicol, yes the machine box is behind it, I forgot this, it will be fun now, fun now, fun now, you will have to play the game.   Here you go you will have to play the game.   Here you go brother, is this empty carton of any use to you brother, is this empty carton of any use to you brother, is this empty carton of any use to you ?  Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. ?  Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. ?  Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. Man, I needed this.  Please give it to me. Man, I needed this.  Please give it to me. Man, I needed this.  Please give it to me. How much is it?   It is How much is it?   It is How much is it?   It is worth ₹300.   The worth ₹300.   The worth ₹300.   The machine itself will cost Rs 2-3000.  I will give you ₹300. machine itself will cost Rs 2-3000.  I will give you ₹300. machine itself will cost Rs 2-3000.  I will give you ₹300. Okay bring it.   I will make it Rs Okay bring it.   I will make it Rs Okay bring it.   I will make it Rs 300 for you.   Done. 300 for you.   Done. Okay brother.  Hey brother, yes let me check inside it.  Is there Okay brother.  Hey brother, yes let me check inside it.  Is there Okay brother.  Hey brother, yes let me check inside it.  Is there any stuff? any stuff? any stuff? Bring it here.  Bring it here. Bring it here.  Bring it here. Bring it here.  Bring it here. Oh, my friend. Oh, my friend. Oh, my friend. What if we do [laughter]? What if we do [laughter]? What if we do [laughter]? What did he say? What did he say? What did he say? Look, my friend has brought the car ahead.   Do Look, my friend has brought the car ahead.   Do Look, my friend has brought the car ahead.   Do n't do anything while sitting in the car n't do anything while sitting in the car n't do anything while sitting in the car that will insult me. that will insult me. that will insult me. Hey, I will not do anything brother.  Ambulatory. Hey, I will not do anything brother.  Ambulatory. Hey, I will not do anything brother.  Ambulatory. And how is your brother?   Easy Going. And how is your brother?   Easy Going. And how is your brother?   Easy Going. How are you? How are you? How are you? We are also fine. We are also fine. We are also fine. Where should I go for a walk? Where should I go for a walk? Where should I go for a walk? Hey, look where you go.  Go to mobile. Hey, look where you go.  Go to mobile. Hey, look where you go.  Go to mobile. Oh brother, okay brother, let's go.  Ok. okay brother, let's go.  Ok. okay brother, let's go.  Ok. Okay Okay Okay brother, you sit in the back with my brother. brother, you sit in the back with my brother. brother, you sit in the back with my brother. Yes, the back will be fine too. Yes, the back will be fine too. Yes, the back will be fine too. [laughter] Hands off.  Are you sitting in the tempo? [laughter] Hands off.  Are you sitting in the tempo? [laughter] Hands off.  Are you sitting in the tempo? Hey, put your feet down brother.  He is sitting in the car. Hey, put your feet down brother.  He is sitting in the car. Hey, put your feet down brother.  He is sitting in the car. Brother, remove your hand.  Have to turn the glass up. Brother, remove your hand.  Have to turn the glass up. Brother, remove your hand.  Have to turn the glass up. Hey brother, stop here, stop your hand, stop brother.  Hand- Hey brother, stop here, stop your hand, stop brother.  Hand- Hey brother, stop here, stop your hand, stop brother.  Hand- clap, stop, stop.  What goes there, clap, stop, stop.  What goes there, clap, stop, stop.  What goes there, Betty?  [laughter] Hey, how much money are you giving me on loan? Hey, how much money are you giving me on loan? Hey, how much money are you giving me on loan? Full ₹500. Full ₹500. Full ₹500. Take it, it's 500 rupees. Hey, this is only 400. Okay, bring it and show me, now you are gone son. Okay, bring it and show me, now you are gone son. Okay, bring it and show me, now you are gone son. Hey, this is only 300. Hey, this is only 300. Hey, this is only 300. Hey, what's that, a note fell here. Hey, what's that, a note fell here. Hey, what's that, a note fell here. Hey, a note fell here.  Take the full 500. Hello Kajal. Hello Kajal. Hello Kajal. Why did you deposit ₹10,000 in my bank by mistake?  Are Why did you deposit ₹10,000 in my bank by mistake?  Are Why did you deposit ₹10,000 in my bank by mistake?  Are you burnt? you burnt? you burnt? Yes, then what is it? Yes, then what is it? Yes, then what is it? Yesterday I went to eat Golgappa without telling anyone. Yesterday I went to eat Golgappa without telling anyone. Yesterday I went to eat Golgappa without telling anyone. Your burn? Your burn? Your burn? Yes, then what will happen from here also? Yes, then what will happen from here also? Yes, then what will happen from here also? Tomorrow I am going to visit my Babu's gallery.   That's Tomorrow I am going to visit my Babu's gallery.   That's Tomorrow I am going to visit my Babu's gallery.   That's it, it burned. Looks like a star thief. Looks like a star thief. Looks like a star thief. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. No. No. No. Such a great personality in 2050, Such a great personality in 2050, Such a great personality in 2050, shirt worth 1200, jeans worth 3300, slippers worth 1400, we shirt worth 1200, jeans worth 3300, slippers worth 1400, we shirt worth 1200, jeans worth 3300, slippers worth 1400, we roam around with such a nice car, we are thieves [laughs] brother in law, don't you people feel ashamed, we are going to have an iPhone, have come to in-laws for the first time and you are giving us water in a steel glass, see brother, we are all going to Manali, law, don't you people feel ashamed, we are going to have an iPhone, have come to in-laws for the first time and you are giving us water in a steel glass, see brother, we are all going to Manali, law, don't you people feel ashamed, we are going to have an iPhone, have come to in-laws for the first time and you are giving us water in a steel glass, see brother, we are all going to Manali, spend ₹10 on each, send it to my account, why spend ₹10 on each, send it to my account, why spend ₹10 on each, send it to my account, why brother, why should we send you money, brother, why should we send you money, brother, why should we send you money, brother, brother, brother, I will bear the expenses of food and room, sell it, okay, I will I will bear the expenses of food and room, sell it, okay, I will I will bear the expenses of food and room, sell it, okay, I will send it, okay, send it, okay, send it, okay, brother, did you see, brother, did you see, brother, did you see, yes it has come, yes it has come, yes it has come, mine has also come, see, mine has also come, see, mine has also come, see, yes it has come, the message, message, message, brother, after deducting the EMI of the car, 28500, brother, after deducting the EMI of the car, 28500, brother, after deducting the EMI of the car, 28500, hey [laughs] wait, be patient wait, be patient wait, be patient brother, please give me a glass of sugarcane juice, brother, please give me a glass of sugarcane juice, brother, please give me a glass of sugarcane juice, madam, should I give you this one or should I make a new one, madam, should I give you this one or should I make a new one, madam, should I give you this one or should I make a new one, ah, give me this one, ah, give me this one, ah, give me this one, madam, should I give it in a glass glass or a paper madam, should I give it in a glass glass or a paper madam, should I give it in a glass glass or a paper glass? glass? glass? Give it in a paper glass.  Okay, should I give it with ice Give it in a paper glass.  Okay, should I give it with ice Give it in a paper glass.  Okay, should I give it with ice or without ice? or without ice? or without ice? Give it without ice. Give it without ice. Give it without ice. Okay, should I add lemon or give it without lemon? Okay, should I add lemon or give it without lemon? Okay, should I add lemon or give it without lemon? Give me the one without lemon.   I will give it right now. Give me the one without lemon.   I will give it right now. And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come. And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come. And wait for now.  The climax is yet to come. Yellow. Yellow. Yellow. Crazy Crazy Crazy Hey, it will be fun. Hey, it will be fun. Hey, it will be fun. But what is this guy doing here? But what is this guy doing here? But what is this guy doing here? How much is it? How much is it? How much is it? Your ₹20?   Should I give it Your ₹20?   Should I give it Your ₹20?   Should I give it now or tomorrow? now or tomorrow? now or tomorrow? Hey, give it to me today itself, madam.  Should I give you change or notes Hey, give it to me today itself, madam.  Should I give you change or notes Hey, give it to me today itself, madam.  Should I give you change or notes ?   Give me a ?   Give me a ?   Give me a note.   Should I note.   Should I note.   Should I pay online or in cash? pay online or in cash? pay online or in cash? Hey, give me the cash, madam.   Should I give you Hey, give me the cash, madam.   Should I give you Hey, give me the cash, madam.   Should I give you two for Rs 10 each or one for Rs 20? two for Rs 10 each or one for Rs 20? two for Rs 10 each or one for Rs 20? Hey, give me one for Rs 20.   Should I Hey, give me one for Rs 20.   Should I Hey, give me one for Rs 20.   Should I give you the green Rs 20 note or the red note? give you the green Rs 20 note or the red note? give you the green Rs 20 note or the red note? Hey, give me the green one.   The Hey, give me the green one.   The Hey, give me the green one.   The green one?  Should I give it like this or like that?  [laughter] Oh, give it anyway.  Bring two, friend. Oh, give it anyway.  Bring two, friend. Oh, give it anyway.  Bring two, friend. Take it and put it like this.  [laughter] Where are you coming from so late at night? Where are you coming from so late at night? Where are you coming from so late at night? Hey, I went to get medicine for Papa.   That Hey, I went to get medicine for Papa.   That Hey, I went to get medicine for Papa.   That means you went to get medicine for that old man at midnight. means you went to get medicine for that old man at midnight. means you went to get medicine for that old man at midnight. But I have been asking you for the last four days to bring me But I have been asking you for the last four days to bring me But I have been asking you for the last four days to bring me vegetables.  Sometimes I am vegetables.  Sometimes I am vegetables.  Sometimes I am making lentils.  Sometimes I am making Khichdi. making lentils.  Sometimes I am making Khichdi. making lentils.  Sometimes I am making Khichdi. You are not bringing the vegetables.  Go and You are not bringing the vegetables.  Go and You are not bringing the vegetables.  Go and become a slave of that old man. become a slave of that old man. become a slave of that old man. And wait for now.  [coughing sound] And wait for now.  [coughing sound] And wait for now.  [coughing sound] Take the medicine, father.  Hey, you have come now.  I had given Take the medicine, father.  Hey, you have come now.  I had given Take the medicine, father.  Hey, you have come now.  I had given you medicine 1 hour ago.  If his wife you medicine 1 hour ago.  If his wife you medicine 1 hour ago.  If his wife orders a movie at 12:00 in the night, he will orders a movie at 12:00 in the night, he will orders a movie at 12:00 in the night, he will run and bring it like a dog in 5 minutes.  And she is run and bring it like a dog in 5 minutes.  And she is run and bring it like a dog in 5 minutes.  And she is bringing father's medicine in an hour.  The bastard is his bringing father's medicine in an hour.  The bastard is his bringing father's medicine in an hour.  The bastard is his wife's slave. wife's slave. wife's slave. Look at it brother.  This is what happens to us boys.   By becoming like the Look at it brother.  This is what happens to us boys.   By becoming like the pallu of the wife.   Am.   Wait a minute. pallu of the wife.   Am.   Wait a minute. pallu of the wife.   Am.   Wait a minute. Friend, be patient. Friend, be patient. Friend, be patient. Babu, I cannot live without you. Babu, I cannot live without you. Babu, I cannot live without you. Babu Babu, don't leave me Babu.  Babu, hit me. Hey, revive me.  Revive de marne bhai revive Hey, revive me.  Revive de marne bhai revive Hey, revive me.  Revive de marne bhai revive de revive de [laughter] Bhaiya Bhaiya Bhaiya bhaiya please stop it come on come on bhaiya please stop it come on come on oh brother [laughter] that's it [laughter] that's it uncle what happened uncle what happened uncle what happened cheat give it to me cheat give it to me cheat give it to me take this [music] take this [music] take this [music] take this hey bastard from where did you steal this take this hey bastard from where did you steal this take this hey bastard from where did you steal this money?   Yes money?   Yes money?   Yes ?   Is ?   Is ?   Is n't it a girl?  They are mine.   Tell the n't it a girl?  They are mine.   Tell the n't it a girl?  They are mine.   Tell the truth. truth. truth. Yes, they are mine. Yes, they are mine. Yes, they are mine. Yours? Yours? Yours? Yes. Yes. Yes. Go, it's equal.  Come on, get out. Go, it's equal.  Come on, get out. Go, it's equal.  Come on, get out. evened out? evened out? evened out? Yes.  [MUSIC] Where did the money go?  Who did you give it to?  Yes.  Come on, where did you get it from Where did the money go?  Who did you give it to?  Yes.  Come on, where did you get it from Where did the money go?  Who did you give it to?  Yes.  Come on, where did you get it from ? ? ? Come on, tell me.  Tell me where did you get it from?   Did you get it Come on, tell me.  Tell me where did you get it from?   Did you get it Come on, tell me.  Tell me where did you get it from?   Did you get it from here? from here? from here? Hey madam, I knew you brought this money Hey madam, I knew you brought this money Hey madam, I knew you brought this money by stealing.  That's why I kept the money. by stealing.  That's why I kept the money. by stealing.  That's why I kept the money. Well, Well, Well, how much money was there? how much money was there? how much money was there? Go, it's equal.  Chal Go, it's equal.  Chal Go, it's equal.  Chal Never mind Dhanush. Never mind Dhanush. Never mind Dhanush. What is the boy's name? What is the boy's name? What is the boy's name? Everyone was shocked. Everyone was shocked. Everyone was shocked. Hey, tell me the boy's name.  You will have to chant his name.  Only then will Hey, tell me the boy's name.  You will have to chant his name.  Only then will Hey, tell me the boy's name.  You will have to chant his name.  Only then will his soul find peace. his soul find peace. his soul find peace. Om Hari Om Mangalam Lord Vishnu to the soul of Dhanush, Om Hari Om Mangalam Lord Vishnu to the soul of Dhanush, yes what did you say hey dog ​​how dare you yes what did you say hey dog ​​how dare you yes what did you say hey dog ​​how dare you oh my god you oh my god you oh my god you took my name brother how many times my brother how many times my brother how many times my brother you have 1250 [laughs] brother you have 1250 [laughs] brother you have 1250 [laughs] oh brother brother brother got it done you have only 50. oh brother brother brother got it done you have only 50. oh brother brother brother got it done you have only 50. Explain it to your wife.  If she said one to him, she would Explain it to your wife.  If she said one to him, she would Explain it to your wife.  If she said one to him, she would say two to me. say two to me. say two to me. Okay, try saying it in front of me.  Hey, are you listening Okay, try saying it in front of me.  Hey, are you listening Okay, try saying it in front of me.  Hey, are you listening ?  Come here. ?  Come here. ?  Come here. Brother. Brother. Brother. Mom has come, tell me now.   Let's look at Mom has come, tell me now.   Let's look at Mom has come, tell me now.   Let's look at one or one or one or two.  [laughter] two.  [laughter] two.  [laughter] Oh, I felt so dizzy. Oh, I felt so dizzy. Oh, I felt so dizzy. Hey Babu, I am not talking about anyone Hey Babu, I am not talking about anyone Hey Babu, I am not talking about anyone except you.  Yes, they should do it.  Okay, fine. except you.  Yes, they should do it.  Okay, fine. except you.  Yes, they should do it.  Okay, fine. He doesn't agree.  Hey brother, it's a phone worth Rs 1 lakh.   The He doesn't agree.  Hey brother, it's a phone worth Rs 1 lakh.   The He doesn't agree.  Hey brother, it's a phone worth Rs 1 lakh.   The second one hit here. second one hit here. second one hit here. [laughs] The [laughs] The [laughs] The mehndi looks really nice on your hands. mehndi looks really nice on your hands. mehndi looks really nice on your hands. I have been calling you for so long. I have been calling you for so long. I have been calling you for so long. Why are you not picking my calls?  I Why are you not picking my calls?  I Why are you not picking my calls?  I also visited you at your home. also visited you at your home. also visited you at your home. What are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here? Who is this boy? Who is this boy? Who is this boy? I don't know who this is? I don't know who this is? I don't know who this is? Well, you don't know.  Why are you lying to me Well, you don't know.  Why are you lying to me Well, you don't know.  Why are you lying to me ?  Who is this boy? ?  Who is this boy? ?  Who is this boy? Hey, I really don't know who this is? Hey, I really don't know who this is? Hey, I really don't know who this is? Hey who is this?  He is hitting you with his rapta. Hey who is this?  He is hitting you with his rapta. Hey who is this?  He is hitting you with his rapta. Hey brother, this is my boyfriend.  You Hey brother, this is my boyfriend.  You Hey brother, this is my boyfriend.  You tell me who you are? tell me who you are? tell me who you are? I am a delivery boy.  I have brought your I am a delivery boy.  I have brought your I am a delivery boy.  I have brought your parcel. parcel. parcel. You haven't been answering calls for so long. You haven't been answering calls for so long. You haven't been answering calls for so long. Yellow. Yellow. Yellow. Hey brother, it has made my cheek red because of you.  I Hey brother, it has made my cheek red because of you.  I Hey brother, it has made my cheek red because of you.  I saw that he had brought the parcel. saw that he had brought the parcel. saw that he had brought the parcel. Sorry baby sorry.  What did you chase away?   Wait a minute. Sorry baby sorry.  What did you chase away?   Wait a minute. Sorry baby sorry.  What did you chase away?   Wait a minute. Took water. Took water. Took water. What's the matter?  Today I am doing a great service. What's the matter?  Today I am doing a great service. What's the matter?  Today I am doing a great service. Hey, I don't need any service.  I am thinking that you must be feeling Hey, I don't need any service.  I am thinking that you must be feeling Hey, I don't need any service.  I am thinking that you must be feeling thirsty.   You are thirsty.   You are thirsty.   You are not hiding anything.  Tell me quickly what not hiding anything.  Tell me quickly what not hiding anything.  Tell me quickly what is the matter? is the matter? is the matter? Hey Mone, I fall in love with a girl and Hey Mone, I fall in love with a girl and Hey Mone, I fall in love with a girl and want to marry her. want to marry her. want to marry her. Said? Said? Said? Oh my god. Oh my god. Why didn't I kill him by poisoning him before you said all this? Why didn't I kill him by poisoning him before you said all this? Why didn't I kill him by poisoning him before you said all this? Hey, what if you put it in the glass? Who is it?  Installment one. Who is it?  Installment one. Who is it?  Installment one. Wait sir, I am coming in 5 minutes. Wait sir, I am coming in 5 minutes. Wait sir, I am coming in 5 minutes. How long it will take?   I am coming How long it will take?   I am coming How long it will take?   I am coming sir.  I am coming.  [MUSIC] sir.  I am coming.  [MUSIC] sir.  I am coming.  [MUSIC] How much longer will it take?   I am coming sir. How much longer will it take?   I am coming sir. How much longer will it take?   I am coming sir. Hey, how much more time will you Hey, how much more time will you Hey, how much more time will you take? take? take? Wait sir, I am coming in two minutes. Wait sir, I am coming in two minutes. Wait sir, I am coming in two minutes. Oh, we cook biscuits, don't lose Oh, we cook biscuits, don't lose Oh, we cook biscuits, don't lose biscuits brother.  [laughs] Hey brother, will you promote the shop? Hey brother, will you promote the shop? Hey brother, will you promote the shop? So you're an influencer?  Yes, I So you're an influencer?  Yes, I So you're an influencer?  Yes, I am an influencer. am an influencer. am an influencer. Okay, do it, do the collaboration then.   Yes yes I will do it. Okay, do it, do the collaboration then.   Yes yes I will do it. Okay, do it, do the collaboration then.   Yes yes I will do it. By the way, how many followers do By the way, how many followers do By the way, how many followers do you have?   Is you have?   Is you have?   Is this about 9 lakhs? this about 9 lakhs? this about 9 lakhs? How many? How many? How many? ₹9 lakh. ₹9 lakh. ₹9 lakh. So guys these are our brothers.  They make very good So guys these are our brothers.  They make very good So guys these are our brothers.  They make very good videos.  Please like, follow, videos.  Please like, follow, videos.  Please like, follow, share and comment on these.   Go share and comment on these.   Go share and comment on these.   Go back and follow back brother, follow back brother. back and follow back brother, follow back brother. back and follow back brother, follow back brother. Sir, we have come to survey unmarried boys. Sir, we have come to survey unmarried boys. Sir, we have come to survey unmarried boys. Yes, then do it. Yes, then do it. Yes, then do it. Sir, will you marry a black girl or a white Sir, will you marry a black girl or a white Sir, will you marry a black girl or a white girl? girl? girl? Good? Good? Good? I will do it with a black girl. I will do it with a black girl. I will do it with a black girl. Sir, why so? Sir, why so? Sir, why so? Because we know our place. Because we know our place. Because we know our place. Look brother, this great product has been launched in the market just yesterday. Look brother, this great product has been launched in the market just yesterday. One second One second One second mobile is one number. mobile is one number. mobile is one number. Well, Well, Well, what is its rate? what is its rate? what is its rate? ₹35,000. ₹35,000. ₹35,000. Good.  Hey Saurav Bhai, you? Good.  Hey Saurav Bhai, you? Good.  Hey Saurav Bhai, you? Yes friend, what are you doing here?   He had Yes friend, what are you doing here?   He had Yes friend, what are you doing here?   He had come to buy the mobile. come to buy the mobile. come to buy the mobile. Well, the mobile is great.  By the way, you are my Well, the mobile is great.  By the way, you are my Well, the mobile is great.  By the way, you are my friend.  You will have to charge a good rate. friend.  You will have to charge a good rate. friend.  You will have to charge a good rate. You will get 400 rupees [music]. You will get 400 rupees [music]. You will get 400 rupees [music]. I think I think I think this is my fault too. this is my fault too. this is my fault too. I am a brother, brother.   So I am a brother, brother.   So I am a brother, brother.   So guys, today's video guys, today's video guys, today's video ends here.  Tell us in the comments which ends here.  Tell us in the comments which ends here.  Tell us in the comments which clip or video you found the clip or video you found the clip or video you found the funniest.  Rest I searched for a lot of funny clips in this video funniest.  Rest I searched for a lot of funny clips in this video funniest.  Rest I searched for a lot of funny clips in this video which which which takes a lot of hard work.  So friend, if you liked it then takes a lot of hard work.  So friend, if you liked it then takes a lot of hard work.  So friend, if you liked it then like the video, subscribe to the channel like the video, subscribe to the channel like the video, subscribe to the channel and and and you will keep getting to see similar videos on our channel. you will keep getting to see similar videos on our channel. you will keep getting to see similar videos on our channel. So let's meet again new