What happened, Papa?   The What happened, Papa?   The What happened, Papa?   The doctor is doing the checkup right now.  I will tell you now doctor is doing the checkup right now.  I will tell you now doctor is doing the checkup right now.  I will tell you now what to do. what to do. what to do. Okay, Okay, Okay, sit for a while.  Have some patience. sit for a while.  Have some patience. sit for a while.  Have some patience. Ok.   Things are Ok.   Things are Ok.   Things are going as if it is about to be seized. going as if it is about to be seized. going as if it is about to be seized. Yes, Yes, Yes, we we we are fine.  Let's see what the doctor says. are fine.  Let's see what the doctor says. are fine.  Let's see what the doctor says. Ok.   Is that a Ok.   Is that a Ok.   Is that a feeding gown for lats. feeding gown for lats. feeding gown for lats. What? What? What? Where to get it from? Where to get it from? Where to get it from? Me.   Bring it.  Then go. Me.   Bring it.  Then go. Bhabhi is neither going to have a baby nor does she Bhabhi is neither going to have a baby nor does she Bhabhi is neither going to have a baby nor does she need a feeding gown. need a feeding gown. need a feeding gown. So let's take it. So let's take it. So let's take it. Chained ones in front. Chained ones in front. Chained ones in front. What is there to ask?  Go and bring it in.   Let us go. What is there to ask?  Go and bring it in.   Let us go. What is there to ask?  Go and bring it in.   Let us go. Come on child, you go, you go Come on child, you go, you go Come on child, you go, you go with them, you go, no no, with them, you go, no no, with them, you go, no no, why is it my work, why is it my work, why is it my work, what is this, mummy, what is this, mummy, what is this, mummy, this is the child's dupatta, let's this is the child's dupatta, let's this is the child's dupatta, let's say it, say it, say it, yes, by the way, don't keep it like this on the child, yes, by the way, don't keep it like this on the child, yes, by the way, don't keep it like this on the child, which color is cute, this one, which color is cute, this one, which color is cute, this one, this one looks more fresh, this one, this one looks more fresh, this one, this one looks more fresh, this one, this one, guys, this one, guys, this one, guys, you can guess whether a baby boy will be born in our house you can guess whether a baby boy will be born in our house you can guess whether a baby boy will be born in our house or a baby girl, we are or a baby girl, we are or a baby girl, we are buying it accordingly, we chose blue because buying it accordingly, we chose blue because buying it accordingly, we chose blue because its color was looking very fresh, there are its color was looking very fresh, there are its color was looking very fresh, there are other colors here too, but this one is the other colors here too, but this one is the other colors here too, but this one is the cutest among these.   I do cutest among these.   I do cutest among these.   I do n't think this is its color.  What do you n't think this is its color.  What do you n't think this is its color.  What do you say?  Doraemon Color. say?  Doraemon Color. say?  Doraemon Color. Yes Doraemon Doraemon Yes Doraemon Doraemon Yes Doraemon Doraemon look at these feeding gowns, they are like this. look at these feeding gowns, they are like this. look at these feeding gowns, they are like this. Show him that there is no zip here. Show him that there is no zip here. Show him that there is no zip here. We are right.   I We are right.   I We are right.   I need cotton ones.   The need cotton ones.   The need cotton ones.   The cotton ones are cool.  Comfortable.  Look, cotton ones are cool.  Comfortable.  Look, cotton ones are cool.  Comfortable.  Look, we have bought these two gowns because these colours will we have bought these two gowns because these colours will we have bought these two gowns because these colours will suit Bhabhi and will also do the same and will suit Bhabhi and will also do the same and will suit Bhabhi and will also do the same and will not spoil anything.  If there is a stain, it will not be visible. not spoil anything.  If there is a stain, it will not be visible. not spoil anything.  If there is a stain, it will not be visible. And this cotton is also very comfortable.  This is And this cotton is also very comfortable.  This is And this cotton is also very comfortable.  This is mommy, isn't it? She is also buying a small cap mommy, isn't it? She is also buying a small cap mommy, isn't it? She is also buying a small cap for the baby. This cute cap has to be for the baby. This cute cap has to be for the baby. This cute cap has to be worn like this immediately after the baby is born. worn like this immediately after the baby is born. worn like this immediately after the baby is born. Look, hot Look, hot Look, hot samosas are being served here and he has come behind the samosas are being served here and he has come behind the samosas are being served here and he has come behind the samosas. He is very hungry but he is samosas. He is very hungry but he is samosas. He is very hungry but he is not going to eat samosas. not going to eat samosas. not going to eat samosas. Yes, I could not refuse him for that. Yes, I could not refuse him for that. Yes, I could not refuse him for that. Now we will do this more often, we will do Now we will do this more often, we will do Now we will do this more often, we will do this way, guys, this way, guys, this way, guys, look, we have come home and while coming we have look, we have come home and while coming we have look, we have come home and while coming we have brought pani puri for mommy. Here brought pani puri for mommy. Here brought pani puri for mommy. Here aunty, eat pani puri.   Thank aunty, eat pani puri.   Thank aunty, eat pani puri.   Thank you. you. you. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. And the rest is to bring the luggage in the car. And the rest is to bring the luggage in the car. And the rest is to bring the luggage in the car. Look at these hot samosas and slippers. Look at these hot samosas and slippers. Look at these hot samosas and slippers. Look, everyone is sitting and eating.  And aunty has Look, everyone is sitting and eating.  And aunty has Look, everyone is sitting and eating.  And aunty has just become a pani puri seller here.  Now just become a pani puri seller here.  Now just become a pani puri seller here.  Now aunty will feed everyone. aunty will feed everyone. aunty will feed everyone. Will you eat pani puri? Will you eat pani puri? Will you eat pani puri? No. No. No. Call your sister-in-law. Call your sister-in-law. Call your sister-in-law. We have already eaten. We have already eaten. We have already eaten. Yes.  You guys came back after eating from there. Yes.  You guys came back after eating from there. Yes.  You guys came back after eating from there. Yes, we are smarter.   I Yes, we are smarter.   I Yes, we are smarter.   I ate from there and came back.  This uncle doing self service. ate from there and came back.  This uncle doing self service. ate from there and came back.  This uncle doing self service. So guys, we have just taken out all the stuff. So guys, we have just taken out all the stuff. So guys, we have just taken out all the stuff. Everyone had their breakfast and water. Everyone had their breakfast and water. Everyone had their breakfast and water. Look, these two are left at the end for breakfast, Look, these two are left at the end for breakfast, Look, these two are left at the end for breakfast, so have breakfast, so have breakfast, everyone here, ma'am, yes, we have to keep them separately, yes, we have to keep them separately, yes, we have to keep them separately, ma'am's stuff is different, ma'am's stuff is different, ma'am's stuff is different, everyone is sitting in a group, everyone is sitting in a group, what is there to take out the stuff here, what is there to take out the stuff here, what is there to take out the stuff here, how much did I bring it, how much did I bring it, how much did I bring it, yes, I don't have a pudding to make che, yes, I don't have a pudding to make che, yes, I don't have a pudding to make che, no, remember for ginger, I have to grind no, remember for ginger, I have to grind no, remember for ginger, I have to grind garlic, I have to grind ginger, I don't have to grind it in the mixer, so do it in that, nice, wow, it's good, isn't it cool, it's cool, is it ... garlic, I have to grind ginger, I don't have to grind it in the mixer, so do it in that, nice, wow, it's good, isn't it cool, it's cool, is it ... And today I did a full body workout And today I did a full body workout And today I did a full body workout and my condition became very bad, so I came and went and my condition became very bad, so I came and went and my condition became very bad, so I came and went straight to sleep and now when I woke up in the evening, this straight to sleep and now when I woke up in the evening, this straight to sleep and now when I woke up in the evening, this grandmother is tying a black thread for me, grandmother is tying a black thread for me, grandmother is tying a black thread for me, Papa, do you want to tie a black thread? Papa, do you want to tie a black thread? Papa, do you want to tie a black thread? Yes.   Come. Yes.   Come. Yes.   Come. No, I am not tying it.  I No, I am not tying it.  I No, I am not tying it.  I already have this colorful one. already have this colorful one. already have this colorful one. I had that too but tie it up.  You will I had that too but tie it up.  You will I had that too but tie it up.  You will also be affected by evil eye.  Are you going to the gym now? also be affected by evil eye.  Are you going to the gym now? also be affected by evil eye.  Are you going to the gym now? No, this is fine for me. No, this is fine for me. No, this is fine for me. Hey, tie it up, friend. Hey, tie it up, friend. Hey, tie it up, friend. Papa, do you ever tie me up so much? Papa, do you ever tie me up so much? Papa, do you ever tie me up so much? Yes, said grandmother.   Does Yes, said grandmother.   Does Yes, said grandmother.   Does n't fly. n't fly. n't fly. What is happening here?   When What is happening here?   When What is happening here?   When Aadi comes from Palm, he does not perform Aarti of small children.  They Aadi comes from Palm, he does not perform Aarti of small children.  They Aadi comes from Palm, he does not perform Aarti of small children.  They come to him.  If you speak in Marathi, come to him.  If you speak in Marathi, come to him.  If you speak in Marathi, he comes. he comes. he comes. Why do you do that?  And today he also makes me wear a black thread. Why do you do that?  And today he also makes me wear a black thread. Why do you do that?  And today he also makes me wear a black thread. So I have worn it too.  Look at this. So I have worn it too.  Look at this. So I have worn it too.  Look at this. Why did you install so many lamps?  But Why did you install so many lamps?  But Why did you install so many lamps?  But today all the lamps in the house are today all the lamps in the house are today all the lamps in the house are especially worshipped. especially worshipped. especially worshipped. Does Kirti live with you Does Kirti live with you Does Kirti live with you in the village? in the village? in the village? No.   Does No.   Does No.   Does n't it happen?  Why don't you do good work n't it happen?  Why don't you do good work n't it happen?  Why don't you do good work in the village?  [laughter] in the village?  [laughter] in the village?  [laughter] That doesn't happen. That doesn't happen. That doesn't happen. This does not happen. This does not happen. This does not happen. Well, that doesn't happen.   There is Well, that doesn't happen.   There is Well, that doesn't happen.   There is no worship. no worship. no worship. Deep puja is performed only once a year. Deep puja is performed only once a year. Deep puja is performed only once a year. On Diwali. On Diwali. On Diwali. Come on, tell me and do it quickly. Come on, tell me and do it quickly. Come on, tell me and do it quickly. Look, today aunty's first puja is this, she is Look, today aunty's first puja is this, she is Look, today aunty's first puja is this, she is doing it in our house and is doing it in our house and is doing it in our house and is teaching it how to do it, what should I tell the teaching it how to do it, what should I tell the teaching it how to do it, what should I tell the lamp to keep shining like this in our house lamp to keep shining like this in our house lamp to keep shining like this in our house and there should be happiness and peace, everything should keep and there should be happiness and peace, everything should keep and there should be happiness and peace, everything should keep shining like this, there should be happiness and peace in our house shining like this, there should be happiness and peace in our house shining like this, there should be happiness and peace in our house and everything should keep and everything should keep and everything should keep shining like a lamp, shining like a lamp, shining like a lamp, yes our badge has also come, our badge has also come, our badge has also come, everyone is sitting to see it, we will sit here, everyone is sitting to see it, we will sit here, yes, sitting here near God, yes, sitting here near God, yes, sitting here near God, aunty is applying the tilak.  Come here and aunty is applying the tilak.  Come here and aunty is applying the tilak.  Come here and sit next to sister.  Right now aunty is giving sit next to sister.  Right now aunty is giving sit next to sister.  Right now aunty is giving Tipu the vaccination.  Then he will Tipu the vaccination.  Then he will Tipu the vaccination.  Then he will come.  Whatever these flour lamps become, this one will come.  Whatever these flour lamps become, this one will come.  Whatever these flour lamps become, this one will just give the blessings of my aunt [music] [music] give the blessings of my aunt [music] [music] give the blessings of my aunt [music] [music] You are also mother's child, right?  Come and sit. You are also mother's child, right?  Come and sit. You are also mother's child, right?  Come and sit. [laughter] You look good. [laughter] You look good. [laughter] You look good. You look very good after getting the vaccine.  Isn't it guys? You look very good after getting the vaccine.  Isn't it guys? You look very good after getting the vaccine.  Isn't it guys? Tell me by commenting.  Show me, show me here. Tell me by commenting.  Show me, show me here. Tell me by commenting.  Show me, show me here. Looks very beautiful.  [Music] Look guys, it's mama's turn now.  Aunty and mother are Look guys, it's mama's turn now.  Aunty and mother are Look guys, it's mama's turn now.  Aunty and mother are wearing the same saree.  Twinning wearing the same saree.  Twinning wearing the same saree.  Twinning today. today. today. Quickly.  Oh my God [laughs] guys we have just gone out we have just gone out we have just gone out because I had to buy protein powder because I had to buy protein powder because I had to buy protein powder and momos for the family members, and momos for the family members, and momos for the family members, they all feel like eating momos so we have gone they all feel like eating momos so we have gone they all feel like eating momos so we have gone out and I have to buy phone out and I have to buy phone out and I have to buy phone stickers too, we will take everything stickers too, we will take everything stickers too, we will take everything and Kirti has also come along, hi Kirti, we will and Kirti has also come along, hi Kirti, we will and Kirti has also come along, hi Kirti, we will feed Kirti also something delicious, what do you want to feed Kirti also something delicious, what do you want to feed Kirti also something delicious, what do you want to eat outside, think about it and tell me, I will eat outside, think about it and tell me, I will think about it and tell you, think about it and tell you, think about it and tell you, I want to I want to I want to eat Dabeli, eat Dabeli, eat Dabeli, okay, I have Dabeli, right Kirti?  We will okay, I have Dabeli, right Kirti?  We will okay, I have Dabeli, right Kirti?  We will feed Dabeli to Kirti because there is no such thing as Dabeli in the village.   The feed Dabeli to Kirti because there is no such thing as Dabeli in the village.   The best samosa chaat is available there best samosa chaat is available there best samosa chaat is available there in the village.  So here we will feed him Dabeli. in the village.  So here we will feed him Dabeli. in the village.  So here we will feed him Dabeli. Look guys, Papa has gone to get protein. Look guys, Papa has gone to get protein. Look, Papa has brought all the protein Look, Papa has brought all the protein Look, Papa has brought all the protein items. items. items. Brought all the workout essentials. Brought all the workout essentials. Brought all the workout essentials. Kavya is doing a very intense workout.  And Kavya is doing a very intense workout.  And Kavya is doing a very intense workout.  And I also say yes.   You must be I also say yes.   You must be I also say yes.   You must be seeing it, at least a little bit.  Isn't it seeing it, at least a little bit.  Isn't it seeing it, at least a little bit.  Isn't it ? ? ? Yes.  Not just a few, a lot of changes are Yes.  Not just a few, a lot of changes are Yes.  Not just a few, a lot of changes are visible.  You can look for Papa in old blogs visible.  You can look for Papa in old blogs visible.  You can look for Papa in old blogs and also in the current blog.  Come on guys, look, and also in the current blog.  Come on guys, look, and also in the current blog.  Come on guys, look, we have just reached we have just reached we have just reached Can Place in our city.  From here Can Place in our city.  From here Can Place in our city.  From here I have to get a cover for my mother.   I have to I have to get a cover for my mother.   I have to I have to get a cover for my mother.   I have to buy a cover for Kirti and buy a cover for Kirti and buy a cover for Kirti and also for Papa.  You should get it for Papa too, right? also for Papa.  You should get it for Papa too, right? also for Papa.  You should get it for Papa too, right? Look, show me his phone. Look, show me his phone. Look, show me his phone. Yes, come.  Look, its cover is also very damaged.  We will Yes, come.  Look, its cover is also very damaged.  We will Yes, come.  Look, its cover is also very damaged.  We will cover this also.  Take this out and cover this also.  Take this out and cover this also.  Take this out and keep it with you.  This keep it with you.  This keep it with you.  This won't be a new yellow one, will it? won't be a new yellow one, will it? won't be a new yellow one, will it? No, this is the crystal one.  Leather No, this is the crystal one.  Leather No, this is the crystal one.  Leather silicone is the most popular right now. silicone is the most popular right now. silicone is the most popular right now. See which one you like?  Look, which one was See which one you like?  Look, which one was See which one you like?  Look, which one was like this all these days, so put silicone in like this all these days, so put silicone in like this all these days, so put silicone in it or put transparent one first.   Take it or put transparent one first.   Take it or put transparent one first.   Take this out and see which one looks good on this out and see which one looks good on this out and see which one looks good on it because if it is plain then it might stick to it it because if it is plain then it might stick to it it because if it is plain then it might stick to it [coughing sound].  Look, [coughing sound].  Look, [coughing sound].  Look, Kirti's phone has become new.  It Kirti's phone has become new.  It Kirti's phone has become new.  It looks so beautiful.  The cool color looks cool too. looks so beautiful.  The cool color looks cool too. looks so beautiful.  The cool color looks cool too. What do you call these? What do you call these? What do you call these? Pop socket. Pop socket. Pop socket. Ok.  So we have to take this also.  It doesn't come out sticking like this. Ok.  So we have to take this also.  It doesn't come out sticking like this. Choose which one you want.  See which one you like and take it. Choose which one you want.  See which one you like and take it. We bought too many things.  I bought all this for mom's phone cover.  Let's go We bought too many things.  I bought all this for mom's phone cover.  Let's go We bought too many things.  I bought all this for mom's phone cover.  Let's go home now.  No, I will home now.  No, I will home now.  No, I will eat something before going home.  Since we have come out, we must eat something before going home.  Since we have come out, we must eat something before going home.  Since we have come out, we must eat something.  Papa, please keep this one.   No no, I still eat something.  Papa, please keep this one.   No no, I still look like that, no matter how much.   No matter look like that, no matter how much.   No matter how it feels.  How true it is. how it feels.  How true it is. how it feels.  How true it is. Yes.  Wow.   Hey, hold on. Yes.  Wow.   Hey, hold on. Hey, Hey, Hey, I am not taking it.  Guys, look, we have just I am not taking it.  Guys, look, we have just I am not taking it.  Guys, look, we have just come down to eat Dabili.  We come down to eat Dabili.  We come down to eat Dabili.  We will eat delicious hot Daabili. Add a little less oil. Add a little less oil. Add a little less oil. Look how nice it smells.  It Look how nice it smells.  It Look how nice it smells.  It is hot too.   Take is hot too.   Take is hot too.   Take this and hold it. How are you feeling Vulture?  Feels very good. How are you feeling Vulture?  Feels very good. How are you feeling Vulture?  Feels very good. I am eating it for the first time.  This is not found in the village. I am eating it for the first time.  This is not found in the village. This is not found in the village. This is not found in the village. This is not found in the village. No. No. No. So did you like this daabil or not?   Yes, I So did you like this daabil or not?   Yes, I So did you like this daabil or not?   Yes, I liked it. liked it. liked it. So we are feeding Kirti whatever is available in the village. So we are feeding Kirti whatever is available in the village. So we are feeding Kirti whatever is available in the village. Guys, look, you do Guys, look, you do Guys, look, you do n't have to buy diapers for Chiku baby.  So we have come to n't have to buy diapers for Chiku baby.  So we have come to n't have to buy diapers for Chiku baby.  So we have come to wellness.  We will do some shopping here also. wellness.  We will do some shopping here also. wellness.  We will do some shopping here also. We are not looking for ourselves. We are not looking for ourselves. We are not looking for ourselves. Papa took some O Diet Cook.  Now we Papa took some O Diet Cook.  Now we Papa took some O Diet Cook.  Now we see for ourselves.  Need something like face wash or something? see for ourselves.  Need something like face wash or something? see for ourselves.  Need something like face wash or something? Look, Papa's fan. Look, Papa's fan. Look, Papa's fan. Hi hello hello Hi hello hello Hi hello hello I have been searching for you since so many days, do you know are you I have been searching for you since so many days, do you know are you searching for me, you searching for me, you searching for me, you mean for class, I have come here for a mean for class, I have come here for a mean for class, I have come here for a month, month, month, okay, since then okay, since then okay, since then I am also from Kolhapur, I am also from Kolhapur, I am also from Kolhapur, oh wow, I have oh wow, I have oh wow, I have come here from Kolhapur, thank you, come here from Kolhapur, thank you, come here from Kolhapur, thank you, what are you looking for, I come here after roaming around, wait I am taking the what are you looking for, I come here after roaming around, wait I am taking the what are you looking for, I come here after roaming around, wait I am taking the diet, I have taken the diet, I have taken the diet, I have taken the diet, what else did you want to take, diet, what else did you want to take, diet, what else did you want to take, wait I am looking, brother what do you want to take, wait I am looking, brother what do you want to take, wait I am looking, brother what do you want to take, first take my pants, first take my pants, first take my pants, yes take it, the child, what do you want, do you want chocolate, yes take it, the child, what do you want, do you want chocolate, take this one, this small one.  No one will eat something so big. take this one, this small one.  No one will eat something so big. You are the only one who will eat it.   Shout out loud. You are the only one who will eat it.   Shout out loud. You are the only one who will eat it.   Shout out loud. Speak quickly, quickly, Speak quickly, quickly, Speak quickly, quickly, quickly.   He is feeling quickly.   He is feeling quickly.   He is feeling so shy right there. so shy right there. so shy right there. I heard that he was secretly I heard that he was secretly I heard that he was secretly telling this to his mother.  She is Kavya didi.  Kavya telling this to his mother.  She is Kavya didi.  Kavya telling this to his mother.  She is Kavya didi.  Kavya is Didi. is Didi. is Didi. Yes.   Give a Yes.   Give a Yes.   Give a second to Kavya didi. second to Kavya didi. second to Kavya didi. I will eat ice cream.  I will go to Kashmir. I will eat ice cream.  I will go to Kashmir. I will eat ice cream.  I will go to Kashmir. Look which one is ice cream? Look which one is ice cream? Look which one is ice cream? This is needed in it.   Do This is needed in it.   Do This is needed in it.   Do n't ask Kirti outside.  Which cup did you want to n't ask Kirti outside.  Which cup did you want to n't ask Kirti outside.  Which cup did you want to eat, so I said don't eat anything in a cup, just take eat, so I said don't eat anything in a cup, just take eat, so I said don't eat anything in a cup, just take a family pack, stuff yourself with 1/2 a family pack, stuff yourself with 1/2 a family pack, stuff yourself with 1/2 kg, take kg, take kg, take half a kg, half a kg, half a kg, which one do you want, tell me which one do you want, tell me which one do you want, tell me take mango, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take mango, no, take mango, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take mango, no, take mango, take it, take it, take it, take it, take it, take mango, no, he doesn't like mango, papa, he doesn't like mango, papa, he doesn't like mango, papa, yes, take whatever you like, take yes, take whatever you like, take yes, take whatever you like, take chocolate or vanilla, take chocolate or vanilla, take chocolate or vanilla, take chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, yes, take the box, take this one, chocolate, yes, take the box, take this one, okay, take this, no problem, okay, take this, no problem, okay, take this, no problem, take whatever you want, if you want take whatever you want, if you want take whatever you want, if you want those beans, those beans, those beans, yes, keep it, yes, keep it, yes, keep it, I can eat it alone, I can eat it alone, I can eat it alone, oh come on, eat the whole box alone. oh come on, eat the whole box alone. oh come on, eat the whole box alone. Look, Guys just came to get diapers.  I am Look, Guys just came to get diapers.  I am Look, Guys just came to get diapers.  I am taking so many things home.  Come on, taking so many things home.  Come on, taking so many things home.  Come on, let's go straight home now.  Now I will not roam anywhere.   Guys, let's go straight home now.  Now I will not roam anywhere.   Guys, let's go straight home now.  Now I will not roam anywhere.   Guys, we have reached home.  Look, everyone is sitting we have reached home.  Look, everyone is sitting we have reached home.  Look, everyone is sitting here after eating food.  We have just finished eating. here after eating food.  We have just finished eating. here after eating food.  We have just finished eating. We are sitting and resting. We are sitting and resting. We are sitting and resting. What is this?  This is going on its own. What is this?  This is going on its own. What is this?  This is going on its own. Protein Protein. Protein Protein. Protein Protein. This dad has brought all these goals again. This dad has brought all these goals again. This dad has brought all these goals again. Look Kirti, how beautiful she has become after coming here. Look Kirti, how beautiful she has become after coming here. Look Kirti, how beautiful she has become after coming here. Exactly the same Exactly the same Exactly the same aunty is saying, aunty and I, both of us are getting aunty is saying, aunty and I, both of us are getting aunty is saying, aunty and I, both of us are getting dark by staying at home, aunty and dark by staying at home, aunty and dark by staying at home, aunty and I and didi, look [laughs] how fair we have become, we have become I and didi, look [laughs] how fair we have become, we have become I and didi, look [laughs] how fair we have become, we have become very fair, it is looking very good here, the very fair, it is looking very good here, the very fair, it is looking very good here, the skin is skin is skin is glowing a lot, glowing a lot, glowing a lot, one two three, hi guys, one two three, hi guys, one two three, hi guys, welcome back to my channel, it is fun, so guys, right now welcome back to my channel, it is fun, so guys, right now welcome back to my channel, it is fun, so guys, right now we are going to admit our bhabhi we are going to admit our bhabhi we are going to admit our bhabhi in the hospital, the delivery is going to happen today or in the hospital, the delivery is going to happen today or in the hospital, the delivery is going to happen today or tomorrow and the little baby will be tomorrow and the little baby will be tomorrow and the little baby will be in our hands, so bhaiya and bhabhi are coming right now.  I am in our hands, so bhaiya and bhabhi are coming right now.  I am in our hands, so bhaiya and bhabhi are coming right now.  I am bringing some stuff from home and bringing some stuff from home and bringing some stuff from home and then we will go straight to the hospital. then we will go straight to the hospital. then we will go straight to the hospital. Would you like to say something, Grandma?  You are going to become a grandmother and I am Would you like to say something, Grandma?  You are going to become a grandmother and I am Would you like to say something, Grandma?  You are going to become a grandmother and I am waiting for our child to be born. waiting for our child to be born. And he is going to be a grandfather. And he is going to be a grandfather. And he is going to be a grandfather. I will become grandfather and you will become aunt.  She will also become an I will become grandfather and you will become aunt.  She will also become an I will become grandfather and you will become aunt.  She will also become an aunt. aunt. aunt. Younger aunt, elder aunt. Younger aunt, elder aunt. Younger aunt, elder aunt. So guys, So guys, So guys, Bhabhi's delivery is going to take place in the same hospital where Chiku baby was born. Bhabhi's delivery is going to take place in the same hospital where Chiku baby was born. Bhabhi's delivery is going to take place in the same hospital where Chiku baby was born. Now I don't know whether it will be a normal delivery Now I don't know whether it will be a normal delivery Now I don't know whether it will be a normal delivery or a caesarean.  Now we have or a caesarean.  Now we have or a caesarean.  Now we have no idea.  Now we will go to the hospital and whatever the no idea.  Now we will go to the hospital and whatever the no idea.  Now we will go to the hospital and whatever the doctor says will happen. [laughter] Guys, we've arrived, and the we've arrived, and the we've arrived, and the hospital was in front, not behind.  Mom was going this way, hospital was in front, not behind.  Mom was going this way, hospital was in front, not behind.  Mom was going this way, so we all were laughing at her.  Come on, come. so we all were laughing at her.  Come on, come. so we all were laughing at her.  Come on, come. We reached before the patient. We reached before the patient. We reached before the patient. Arrived an hour early.  An hour ago. Arrived an hour early.  An hour ago. Arrived an hour early.  An hour ago. Doctor, he's going to yell at him too.   Do Doctor, he's going to yell at him too.   Do Doctor, he's going to yell at him too.   Do n't you understand why I come so late?  It n't you understand why I come so late?  It n't you understand why I come so late?  It 's good that he should be scolded. 's good that he should be scolded. 's good that he should be scolded. Both couples should be scolded.   You Both couples should be scolded.   You Both couples should be scolded.   You know, when Chiku was being born, know, when Chiku was being born, know, when Chiku was being born, Papa and I were sitting here early in the Papa and I were sitting here early in the Papa and I were sitting here early in the morning. morning. We were just sitting there with our faces like this [music].  And I was wondering We were just sitting there with our faces like this [music].  And I was wondering We were just sitting there with our faces like this [music].  And I was wondering when the baby would come?  When will the baby come? when the baby would come?  When will the baby come? when the baby would come?  When will the baby come? What was the point of going inside? What was the point of going inside? What was the point of going inside? No, everyone will get scolded a lot.   I am going to get No, everyone will get scolded a lot.   I am going to get No, everyone will get scolded a lot.   I am going to get scolded.  Who all came?  Brother and scolded.  Who all came?  Brother and scolded.  Who all came?  Brother and sister-in-law have come, sister-in-law have come, sister-in-law have come, brother and sister-in-law will come brother and sister-in-law will come brother and sister-in-law will come and your mother has not come, has she come? and your mother has not come, has she come? and your mother has not come, has she come? Yes, then someone is needed, everyone has come inside, Yes, then someone is needed, everyone has come inside, yes they have come, go, you all go and get yes they have come, go, you all go and get scolded, scolded, scolded, we are waiting, go, go, you also we are waiting, go, go, you also we are waiting, go, go, you also go and get scolded, go and get scolded, go and get scolded, yes yes yes I will sit here, I will sit here, I will sit here, where is your brother, he is where is your brother, he is where is your brother, he is parking the car, parking the car, parking the car, my mother will also come, go, you only go, my mother will also come, go, you only go, which scolding to get, get which scolding to get, get which scolding to get, get scolded by the doctor, go, go, go, go, go scolded by the doctor, go, go, go, go, go and where is the child's father?   I am and where is the child's father?   I am and where is the child's father?   I am coming, park the coming, park the coming, park the car on the side. car on the side. car on the side. Look brother, Look brother, Look brother, all the best brother, all the best brother, all the best brother, what will we both do?  I will sit and stay here. what will we both do?  I will sit and stay here. Will clap.  Yes. Will clap.  Yes. Will clap.  Yes. What happened, Papa?   The What happened, Papa?   The What happened, Papa?   The doctor is doing the checkup right now.  I will tell you now doctor is doing the checkup right now.  I will tell you now doctor is doing the checkup right now.  I will tell you now what to do. what to do. what to do. Good. Good. Good. Sit for a while now.  Have some patience. Sit for a while now.  Have some patience. Sit for a while now.  Have some patience. Ok.   Things are Ok.   Things are Ok.   Things are going like Caesar is going to happen. going like Caesar is going to happen. going like Caesar is going to happen. Yes. Yes. Yes. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Ok.  Let's see what the doctor says. Ok.  Let's see what the doctor says. Ok.  Let's see what the doctor says. What happened?  Got the room ready and took the same What happened?  Got the room ready and took the same What happened?  Got the room ready and took the same room which belonged to Chiku.  I mean, on my time.   I took the room which belonged to Chiku.  I mean, on my time.   I took the room which belonged to Chiku.  I mean, on my time.   I took the same room that was available during your time.  Yes.  Well, same room that was available during your time.  Yes.  Well, same room that was available during your time.  Yes.  Well, as we move forward here, as we move forward here, as we move forward here, old memories are coming to our mind.  I am old memories are coming to our mind.  I am remembering everything from the time when Chiku baby was being born on Chiku.  Let's remembering everything from the time when Chiku baby was being born on Chiku.  Let's remembering everything from the time when Chiku baby was being born on Chiku.  Let's go upstairs now. go upstairs now. go upstairs now. Look at this.   There is a camel here and this is what I am saying.   Are is a camel here and this is what I am saying.   Are is a camel here and this is what I am saying.   Are you remembering everything from Chiku Baby's time you remembering everything from Chiku Baby's time you remembering everything from Chiku Baby's time ? ? ? Yes, everything, Chiku used to live here on this bed Yes, everything, Chiku used to live here on this bed Yes, everything, Chiku used to live here on this bed and I said and I said and I said we are sitting there too, we are sitting there too, we are sitting there too, I said no, there is silence everywhere, yes, from I said no, there is silence everywhere, yes, from I said no, there is silence everywhere, yes, from today onwards I will keep silence everywhere, today onwards I will keep silence everywhere, today onwards I will keep silence everywhere, here here here Kirti kept more silence and did not say a word, she is going to Kirti kept more silence and did not say a word, she is going to Kirti kept more silence and did not say a word, she is going to become aunt, she said she become aunt, she said she become aunt, she said she needs neck, very good needs neck, very good needs neck, very good neck, she needs neck, she needs neck, she needs both, decide what you want, both, decide what you want, both, decide what you want, yes Bhabhi, the one who will give it, yes Bhabhi, the one who will give it, yes Bhabhi, the one who will give it, okay, this much will do, okay, this much will do, okay, this much will do, first let it be decided, will Bhaiya give it or only then will I first let it be decided, will Bhaiya give it or only then will I first let it be decided, will Bhaiya give it or only then will I say, okay, Bhaiya only will give it, say, okay, Bhaiya only will give it, say, okay, Bhaiya only will give it, Bhaiya did not even ask once what do you Bhaiya did not even ask once what do you Bhaiya did not even ask once what do you want [laughs] want [laughs] want [laughs] Bhaiya I feel tensed, Bhaiya I feel tensed, Bhaiya I feel tensed, Bhaiya you also ask [laughter] I am Bhaiya you also ask [laughter] I am Bhaiya you also ask [laughter] I am sitting tensed, that is why I did not ask, I am sitting tensed, that is why I did not ask, I am sitting tensed, that is why I did not ask, I am not hearing anything, not hearing anything, not hearing anything, ears [sound of clearing throat] have also closed, hit me, you should have [ __ ] me ears [sound of clearing throat] have also closed, hit me, you should have [ __ ] me ears [sound of clearing throat] have also closed, hit me, you should have [ __ ] me in childhood, you in childhood, you in childhood, you missed that, you did missed that, you did missed that, you did not [ __ ] me very early in childhood, guys, not [ __ ] me very early in childhood, guys, not [ __ ] me very early in childhood, guys, checkup is going on inside and we are checkup is going on inside and we are checkup is going on inside and we are waiting here.  Now we have to wait like this for five to six waiting here.  Now we have to wait like this for five to six waiting here.  Now we have to wait like this for five to six hours when we don't know when hours when we don't know when hours when we don't know when I will tell you when the delivery will take place?  The delivery I will tell you when the delivery will take place?  The delivery I will tell you when the delivery will take place?  The delivery will take place at night, will take place at night, we will come at night, whoever is your grandchild, whoever it is will we will come at night, whoever is your grandchild, whoever it is will we will come at night, whoever is your grandchild, whoever it is will come at night, if it is come at night, if it is come at night, if it is not done in the morning then it shines like the sun, at not done in the morning then it shines like the sun, at not done in the morning then it shines like the sun, at night it shines like the moon, night it shines like the moon, night it shines like the moon, today is 15th August, today is 15th August, today is 15th August, see, it is a see, it is a see, it is a good muhurta and it happened yesterday too, it is good, tomorrow is Teej, good muhurta and it happened yesterday too, it is good, tomorrow is Teej, Teej is Hariyali Teej, Teej is Hariyali Teej, Teej is Hariyali Teej, today is tomorrow, today is tomorrow, Teej is today, I have kept a fast, Teej is today, I have kept a fast, Teej is today, I have kept a fast, not today, it is tomorrow, I told him, it is today, not today, it is tomorrow, I told him, it is today, not today, it is tomorrow, I told him, it is today, I just saw guys, please give me tomorrow's fast, I just saw guys, please give me tomorrow's fast, I just saw guys, please give me tomorrow's fast, everyone has kept a fast [laughs] everyone has kept a fast [laughs] everyone has kept a fast [laughs] I have also kept a fast, so guys, our sister-in-law will I have also kept a fast, so guys, our sister-in-law will I have also kept a fast, so guys, our sister-in-law will deliver today or tomorrow, whether it is a boy deliver today or tomorrow, whether it is a boy deliver today or tomorrow, whether it is a boy or a girl, we are very happy for both of us. or a girl, we are very happy for both of us. or a girl, we are very happy for both of us. All of you please pray for Bhabhi and All of you please pray for Bhabhi and All of you please pray for Bhabhi and like this video.  Don't forget to subscribe to the channel. like this video.  Don't forget to subscribe to the channel.