Whenever I have a holiday, I Whenever I have a holiday, I Whenever I have a holiday, I remember only two things.  Either shopping or remember only two things.  Either shopping or remember only two things.  Either shopping or cooking, but today I did both the things together.  I got cooking, but today I did both the things together.  I got cooking, but today I did both the things together.  I got ready quickly and this was my ready quickly and this was my ready quickly and this was my outfit for today.  Then we left the house. outfit for today.  Then we left the house. outfit for today.  Then we left the house. First of all I saw some clothes but I did First of all I saw some clothes but I did First of all I saw some clothes but I did not like anything particularly.  Meanwhile it started raining not like anything particularly.  Meanwhile it started raining not like anything particularly.  Meanwhile it started raining so we quickly returned home.  As soon as I reach home, so we quickly returned home.  As soon as I reach home, so we quickly returned home.  As soon as I reach home, my mother demands that my mother demands that my mother demands that something tasty should be prepared in such a lovely weather. something tasty should be prepared in such a lovely weather. something tasty should be prepared in such a lovely weather. Where are you going to leave such opportunities?  First, I mixed semolina, Where are you going to leave such opportunities?  First, I mixed semolina, Where are you going to leave such opportunities?  First, I mixed semolina, curd and spices and curd and spices and curd and spices and kept it aside for 10 minutes and on the other side, I kept it aside for 10 minutes and on the other side, I kept it aside for 10 minutes and on the other side, I started beating it and chopping the veggies.  That's why I feel like started beating it and chopping the veggies.  That's why I feel like trying something tasty every holiday.  Then put that batter trying something tasty every holiday.  Then put that batter trying something tasty every holiday.  Then put that batter on the pan and top it with wedges.  Actually, I was on the pan and top it with wedges.  Actually, I was on the pan and top it with wedges.  Actually, I was trying this for the first time.  Our trying this for the first time.  Our trying this for the first time.  Our semolina upma was also ready.  Now it was time to semolina upma was also ready.  Now it was time to semolina upma was also ready.  Now it was time to test it.  They were really very yummy. test it.  They were really very yummy. test it.  They were really very yummy. With this, we will meet in the next blog.  Bye bye. With this, we will meet in the next blog.  Bye bye.