I've been using the Google Pixel 11 Pro I've been using the Google Pixel 11 Pro I've been using the Google Pixel 11 Pro XL for the past week and this is the XL for the past week and this is the XL for the past week and this is the most iPhone Android device you can get most iPhone Android device you can get most iPhone Android device you can get and that makes it amazing because from and that makes it amazing because from and that makes it amazing because from day-to-day use, not only is this phone day-to-day use, not only is this phone day-to-day use, not only is this phone insanely quick, I mean it feels quicker insanely quick, I mean it feels quicker insanely quick, I mean it feels quicker than any Samsung phone I've used or than any Samsung phone I've used or than any Samsung phone I've used or really any Apple device I've used, even really any Apple device I've used, even really any Apple device I've used, even though the chip inside the Tent G6 chip, though the chip inside the Tent G6 chip, though the chip inside the Tent G6 chip, which is not a 2 nometer chip, it's a 3 which is not a 2 nometer chip, it's a 3 which is not a 2 nometer chip, it's a 3 nmter chip, isn't anywhere close to the nmter chip, isn't anywhere close to the nmter chip, isn't anywhere close to the same power as those other devices. So, same power as those other devices. So, same power as those other devices. So, what's even crazier than that, the what's even crazier than that, the what's even crazier than that, the upgraded cameras on this phone lead to upgraded cameras on this phone lead to upgraded cameras on this phone lead to some of the best photos I've seen out of some of the best photos I've seen out of some of the best photos I've seen out of any device. And don't even give me about any device. And don't even give me about any device. And don't even give me about night sight because this phone takes night sight because this phone takes night sight because this phone takes better nightgraphy than any phone I've better nightgraphy than any phone I've better nightgraphy than any phone I've used. It literally takes like no time used. It literally takes like no time used. It literally takes like no time because Google said that it's a four and because Google said that it's a four and because Google said that it's a four and a half times faster nightsight with the a half times faster nightsight with the a half times faster nightsight with the new tent G6 processor. And I was like, new tent G6 processor. And I was like, new tent G6 processor. And I was like, that's BS. It's not BS because when I that's BS. It's not BS because when I that's BS. It's not BS because when I was at a club, I took some pictures. was at a club, I took some pictures. was at a club, I took some pictures. Everything took like 1 second for night Everything took like 1 second for night Everything took like 1 second for night sight. And they always came out better sight. And they always came out better sight. And they always came out better than my 17 Pro Max. And then at the same than my 17 Pro Max. And then at the same than my 17 Pro Max. And then at the same time, all the different AI features with time, all the different AI features with time, all the different AI features with Rambler being insanely impressive, it Rambler being insanely impressive, it Rambler being insanely impressive, it just leads to a phone that just works just leads to a phone that just works just leads to a phone that just works really well. They also improved heat really well. They also improved heat really well. They also improved heat management. This phone does not management. This phone does not management. This phone does not overheat. I had it out in the sun where overheat. I had it out in the sun where overheat. I had it out in the sun where it was 105° and the screen never dimmed. it was 105° and the screen never dimmed. it was 105° and the screen never dimmed. And that screen is insanely bright at And that screen is insanely bright at And that screen is insanely bright at 3600 nits. I have no problem seeing it 3600 nits. I have no problem seeing it 3600 nits. I have no problem seeing it outside. And overall, even though it outside. And overall, even though it outside. And overall, even though it might come with a little bit less RAM might come with a little bit less RAM might come with a little bit less RAM than before, this device is actually than before, this device is actually than before, this device is actually quite amazing, especially with how good quite amazing, especially with how good quite amazing, especially with how good the battery life is and charging speed the battery life is and charging speed the battery life is and charging speed is on this device. The only qual I is on this device. The only qual I is on this device. The only qual I really have with this phone though is really have with this phone though is really have with this phone though is that I wish they updated the GPU cuz if that I wish they updated the GPU cuz if that I wish they updated the GPU cuz if you wanted to game, this phone is not you wanted to game, this phone is not you wanted to game, this phone is not for you. Unfortunately, Galaxy devices for you. Unfortunately, Galaxy devices for you. Unfortunately, Galaxy devices with the Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 made with the Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 made with the Snapdragon 8 Elite Gen 5 made for Galaxy still significantly better as for Galaxy still significantly better as for Galaxy still significantly better as well as iPhones. But if you don't game well as iPhones. But if you don't game well as iPhones. But if you don't game or you just do casual gaming and you or you just do casual gaming and you or you just do casual gaming and you want an Android device that takes photos want an Android device that takes photos want an Android device that takes photos insanely easily while also being insanely easily while also being insanely easily while also being insanely good, this device is for you. insanely good, this device is for you. insanely good, this device is for you. and all the light features that just add and all the light features that just add and all the light features that just add to the experience all add up to make to the experience all add up to make to the experience all add up to make this phone one of my favorite to use, this phone one of my favorite to use, this phone one of my favorite to use, especially on Android or even compared especially on Android or even compared especially on Android or even compared to even iPhones as well. Yeah, I got to to even iPhones as well. Yeah, I got to to even iPhones as well. Yeah, I got to say um I'm impressed.