Guys, what's up?  It's great to Guys, what's up?  It's great to Guys, what's up?  It's great to see you all again, or rather, it's great that you see me again see you all again, or rather, it's great that you see me again see you all again, or rather, it's great that you see me again . . . Just a quick note, the video will continue shortly Just a quick note, the video will continue shortly Just a quick note, the video will continue shortly .  I just want to get you all .  I just want to get you all .  I just want to get you all excited for Kalash, the excited for Kalash, the excited for Kalash, the audio drama will be released soon in about audio drama will be released soon in about audio drama will be released soon in about a month, and at the end of this video a month, and at the end of this video a month, and at the end of this video I'd like to show you a short I'd like to show you a short I'd like to show you a short sample.  It's simply an sample.  It's simply an sample.  It's simply an amazing feeling when the German amazing feeling when the German amazing feeling when the German Diicabri voice reads from your book Diicabri voice reads from your book Diicabri voice reads from your book .  And, uh, the thing is, it's .  And, uh, the thing is, it's .  And, uh, the thing is, it's a radio play, not an audiobook.  That means a radio play, not an audiobook.  That means a radio play, not an audiobook.  That means you can hear the footsteps, you can hear the bar, you can hear the footsteps, you can hear the bar, you can hear the footsteps, you can hear the bar, you can hear the mufflers being installed, you can hear the mufflers being installed, you can hear the mufflers being installed, you can hear the tires squealing.  It's like a version of you can hear the tires squealing.  It's like a version of you can hear the tires squealing.  It's like a version of Terentin for blind people without Terentin for blind people without Terentin for blind people without feet.  So, um, first of all, enjoy feet.  So, um, first of all, enjoy feet.  So, um, first of all, enjoy the video.  See you soon. the video.  See you soon. the video.  See you soon. Thank you.  What a reception!  It's Thank you.  What a reception!  It's Thank you.  What a reception!  It's awesome, man.  It awesome, man.  It awesome, man.  It sold out so quickly.  I am ashamed.  I am sold out so quickly.  I am ashamed.  I am sold out so quickly.  I am ashamed.  I am ashamed.  [laughter] ashamed.  [laughter] ashamed.  [laughter] No, really.  I am ashamed No, really.  I am ashamed No, really.  I am ashamed because I always worry so much because I always worry so much because I always worry so much about comments on the internet where about comments on the internet where about comments on the internet where I think, "My career is over, that's it I think, "My career is over, that's it I think, "My career is over, that's it ."  Everyone hates me, I do ."  Everyone hates me, I do ."  Everyone hates me, I do n't know either, people write n't know either, people write n't know either, people write things, is that supposed to be funny? things, is that supposed to be funny? things, is that supposed to be funny? And I always try And I always try And I always try to remain polite and correct, and then I reply to remain polite and correct, and then I reply to remain polite and correct, and then I reply and write: "Dear Hannelore, and write: "Dear Hannelore, and write: "Dear Hannelore, you have two thumbs. you have two thumbs. you have two thumbs. Just scroll down. Perhaps you'll find Just scroll down. Perhaps you'll find Just scroll down. Perhaps you'll find an advertisement for a remedy an advertisement for a remedy an advertisement for a remedy for your constipation further down." But I don't always have that energy. But I don't always have that energy. But I don't always have that energy. And then people write things like: "Your And then people write things like: "Your And then people write things like: "Your humor is shallow and stupid."  I humor is shallow and stupid."  I humor is shallow and stupid."  I [snort] say: "Yes, just like your mom." [snort] say: "Yes, just like your mom." [snort] say: "Yes, just like your mom." At least my mom is funny.  Yes.  And it took At least my mom is funny.  Yes.  And it took At least my mom is funny.  Yes.  And it took her nine months to come up with her biggest joke her nine months to come up with her biggest joke her nine months to come up with her biggest joke . And since I criticized the woke community And since I criticized the woke community And since I criticized the woke community , I've also been receiving messages from , I've also been receiving messages from , I've also been receiving messages from the front.  When news like this comes out, it means the front.  When news like this comes out, it means the front.  When news like this comes out, it means men have become so toxic.  And I men have become so toxic.  And I men have become so toxic.  And I say no, toxic masculinity has existed say no, toxic masculinity has existed say no, toxic masculinity has existed since Adam and Eve. since Adam and Eve. since Adam and Eve. When Adam suddenly realized I When Adam suddenly realized I When Adam suddenly realized I had the biggest penis in the world, had the biggest penis in the world, had the biggest penis in the world, I think there weren't any horses back then. And then she texts me: "What's it And then she texts me: "What's it And then she texts me: "What's it actually like having a penis? It actually like having a penis? It actually like having a penis? It can be tough sometimes. [laughter] Sometimes I have people in my Sometimes I have people in my Sometimes I have people in my show who record me show who record me show who record me with their phones and then upload the clip to with their phones and then upload the clip to with their phones and then upload the clip to Instagram or TikTok Instagram or TikTok Instagram or TikTok and call Nikita Miller and call Nikita Miller and call Nikita Miller misogynistic, homophobic, racist. misogynistic, homophobic, racist. misogynistic, homophobic, racist. I've never seen anything like it. Some I've never seen anything like it. Some I've never seen anything like it. Some Silke with blue hair Silke with blue hair Silke with blue hair who looks like she should be the who looks like she should be the who looks like she should be the CEO of Thermomix. CEO of Thermomix. CEO of Thermomix. [laughter] I asked my grandpa where asked my grandpa where asked my grandpa where all these things suddenly came from. Nikita, look all these things suddenly came from. Nikita, look all these things suddenly came from. Nikita, look , we haven't burned any witches in over 300 years , we haven't burned any witches in over 300 years , we haven't burned any witches in over 300 years . [laughter] I always thought that's how I always thought that's how I always thought that's how equality works. I dish it out in equality works. I dish it out in equality works. I dish it out in all directions. Everyone has to get it all directions. Everyone has to get it all directions. Everyone has to get it . And if I . And if I . And if I leave someone out, that would be discrimination. leave someone out, that would be discrimination. leave someone out, that would be discrimination. I think you don't get far in life I think you don't get far in life I think you don't get far in life if you're constantly trying to be if you're constantly trying to be if you're constantly trying to be politically correct. I've been telling politically correct. I've been telling politically correct. I've been telling my sister that for years. my sister that for years. my sister that for years. My sister has a T-shirt that says: My sister has a T-shirt that says: My sister has a T-shirt that says: "I'm VOGE, I'm "I'm VOGE, I'm "I'm VOGE, I'm vegan."  And I love gender-inclusive language." vegan."  And I love gender-inclusive language." vegan."  And I love gender-inclusive language." Hey, Hey, Hey, she got insulted, she got she got insulted, she got she got insulted, she got spat on, she got kicked. And spat on, she got kicked. And spat on, she got kicked. And she didn't even leave the house. she didn't even leave the house. she didn't even leave the house. People keep threatening me that I'll get People keep threatening me that I'll get People keep threatening me that I'll get canceled and something's going canceled and something's going canceled and something's going wrong. I'm still here and I've wrong. I'm still here and I've wrong. I'm still here and I've said everything. said everything. said everything. I think to get canceled, I'd have to do I think to get canceled, I'd have to do I think to get canceled, I'd have to do something crazy. I'd have to something crazy. I'd have to something crazy. I'd have to grab a boy's ass or grab a boy's ass or grab a boy's ass or something. But even then, there'll be a something. But even then, there'll be a something. But even then, there'll be a backlash, with people backlash, with people backlash, with people saying, "Wait a minute, what was that saying, "Wait a minute, what was that saying, "Wait a minute, what was that boy even wearing?" boy even wearing?" boy even wearing?" #freethepriests and there will be a and there will be a and there will be a counter-movement to that as well, a movement where counter-movement to that as well, a movement where counter-movement to that as well, a movement where 100 boys express themselves.  Yes, 100 boys express themselves.  Yes, 100 boys express themselves.  Yes, he grabbed my ass too. he grabbed my ass too. he grabbed my ass too. Yes, me too.  He walked through the Yes, me too.  He walked through the Yes, me too.  He walked through the kindergarten like that.  [laughter] And then people want a statement And then people want a statement And then people want a statement from me.  They want me to show remorse from me.  They want me to show remorse from me.  They want me to show remorse .  So I have to stay up for three nights straight to look desperate .  So I have to stay up for three nights straight to look desperate . . . And then I make a selfie video. And then I make a selfie video. And then I make a selfie video. Yes, I don't even know what happened Yes, I don't even know what happened Yes, I don't even know what happened . . . Jonas, I thought we were friends. Jonas, I thought we were friends. Jonas, I thought we were friends. I will withdraw for a while to I will withdraw for a while to I will withdraw for a while to heal and reflect, and heal and reflect, and heal and reflect, and I won't go on tour again before then.  Then I won't go on tour again before then.  Then I won't go on tour again before then.  Then I see the statement from the tax office. I see the statement from the tax office. I see the statement from the tax office. One week later I'm back on One week later I'm back on One week later I'm back on tour. At this point, people say: "Hey, At this point, people say: "Hey, At this point, people say: "Hey, if you keep making if you keep making if you keep making jokes like this, your career will soon be jokes like this, your career will soon be jokes like this, your career will soon be over."  I say, "No, over."  I say, "No, over."  I say, "No, because we live in a time where because we live in a time where because we live in a time where we have a chancellor who's sleeping with a we have a chancellor who's sleeping with a we have a chancellor who's sleeping with a pedophile president pedophile president pedophile president . But now anything goes. Everyone's angry, everyone's so Everyone's angry, everyone's so Everyone's angry, everyone's so charged up. Hey, I used to go charged up. Hey, I used to go charged up. Hey, I used to go online to escape reality. online to escape reality. online to escape reality. Now I go outside to Now I go outside to Now I go outside to escape the internet. escape the internet. escape the internet. Everyone's angry. It's war Everyone's angry. It's war Everyone's angry. It's war . Man against woman. Women [ __ ] men . Man against woman. Women [ __ ] men . Man against woman. Women [ __ ] men . Men [ __ ] women. It's getting worse . Men [ __ ] women. It's getting worse . Men [ __ ] women. It's getting worse and more complicated. and more complicated. and more complicated. I miss those times when everything I miss those times when everything I miss those times when everything was so simple, so easy. Elementary school. was so simple, so easy. Elementary school. was so simple, so easy. Elementary school. I see two eight-year-olds in the sandbox. I see two eight-year-olds in the sandbox. I see two eight-year-olds in the sandbox. [clears throat] Can I play? [clears throat] Can I play? [clears throat] Can I play? Only if you show us your dick. Only if you show us your dick. Only if you show us your dick. Yeah, I'll show you my dick for a second and sit down Yeah, I'll show you my dick for a second and sit down Yeah, I'll show you my dick for a second and sit down . . . By the way, I was eight too. Don't get me By the way, I was eight too. Don't get me By the way, I was eight too. Don't get me wrong. Okay, wrong. Okay, wrong. Okay, but now, now, that's it, but now, now, that's it, but now, now, that's it, and when I ask women, men do and when I ask women, men do and when I ask women, men do n't have such a good connection to their n't have such a good connection to their n't have such a good connection to their emotions. When I ask men, what's emotions. When I ask men, what's emotions. When I ask men, what's the problem? Then these rare and the problem? Then these rare and the problem? Then these rare and They're taking my schnitzel away. They're taking my schnitzel away. They're taking my schnitzel away. Women have a much better connection Women have a much better connection Women have a much better connection to their feelings. And when I to their feelings. And when I to their feelings. And when I ask women, what's the problem? ask women, what's the problem? ask women, what's the problem? They say, "Men are the problem, They say, "Men are the problem, They say, "Men are the problem, men are dangerous." men are dangerous." men are dangerous." And I say, okay, if that's true, And I say, okay, if that's true, And I say, okay, if that's true, how come the how come the how come the crime rate is so low on Mother's Day? crime rate is so low on Mother's Day? crime rate is so low on Mother's Day? Because women are distracted. Because women are distracted. Because women are distracted. 10% of women take medication to 10% of women take medication to keep their mental state under control. That means keep their mental state under control. That means keep their mental state under control. That means 90% of women are still 90% of women are still 90% of women are still walking around free. [laughter] Still untreated. Don't get me wrong. I'm a get me wrong. I'm a get me wrong. I'm a fan of temperament. I love fan of temperament. I love fan of temperament. I love women's boxing. women's boxing. women's boxing. I love women's UFC. And people ask I love women's UFC. And people ask I love women's UFC. And people ask me, "Hey, how can you watch that?" me, "Hey, how can you watch that?" me, "Hey, how can you watch that?" And I say, "By just And I say, "By just And I say, "By just imagining them fighting for me." imagining them fighting for me." imagining them fighting for me." It broke my heart when It broke my heart when It broke my heart when trans women were excluded from women's sports trans women were excluded from women's sports trans women were excluded from women's sports . Oh, that hurt so much . Oh, that hurt so much . Oh, that hurt so much . I still remember the . I still remember the . I still remember the trans woman versus woman boxing match, and I trans woman versus woman boxing match, and I trans woman versus woman boxing match, and I was like:  "Give me this, do it, and people was like:  "Give me this, do it, and people was like:  "Give me this, do it, and people were like, 'Wow, you're so woke and were like, 'Wow, you're so woke and were like, 'Wow, you're so woke and enlightened.'"  I say: "No, I enlightened.'"  I say: "No, I enlightened.'"  I say: "No, I bet on her. [laughter] bet on her. [laughter] bet on her. [laughter] Did you see her biceps? Did you see her biceps? Did you see her biceps? K first round. I have to pay rent."   It's a K first round. I have to pay rent."   It's a K first round. I have to pay rent."   It's a shame she didn't make a statement after the fight shame she didn't make a statement after the fight shame she didn't make a statement after the fight .  Sentences like: .  Sentences like: .  Sentences like: "I am a woman through and through, and if anyone does "I am a woman through and through, and if anyone does "I am a woman through and through, and if anyone does n't like it, they can suck my penis n't like it, they can suck my penis n't like it, they can suck my penis ." What I also often hear is What I also often hear is What I also often hear is from women.  The problem is the from women.  The problem is the from women.  The problem is the lack of appreciation for men. lack of appreciation for men. lack of appreciation for men. Pregnancy alone.  Women Pregnancy alone.  Women Pregnancy alone.  Women tell me that during pregnancy, tell me that during pregnancy, tell me that during pregnancy, we go through hell. we go through hell. we go through hell. Childbirth alone is a painful experience that Childbirth alone is a painful experience that Childbirth alone is a painful experience that men simply cannot comprehend.  And men simply cannot comprehend.  And men simply cannot comprehend.  And if they could, they would if they could, they would if they could, they would die in the process. die in the process. die in the process. Scientists have Scientists have Scientists have discovered this. Scientists, why do they want to Scientists, why do they want to Scientists, why do they want to find that out?  Don't they have their find that out?  Don't they have their find that out?  Don't they have their own problems?  [laughter] own problems?  [laughter] own problems?  [laughter] I I I can tell you, a kick in the nuts can tell you, a kick in the nuts can tell you, a kick in the nuts is harder than any pregnancy. is harder than any pregnancy. is harder than any pregnancy. I can explain it. I can explain it. I can explain it. When a woman When a woman When a woman has recovered from her pregnancy and has recovered from her pregnancy and has recovered from her pregnancy and is fully regenerated, is fully regenerated, is fully regenerated, she will say sometime months later: "I she will say sometime months later: "I she will say sometime months later: "I want to be pregnant again." want to be pregnant again." want to be pregnant again." But no man in this world, no matter But no man in this world, no matter But no man in this world, no matter how hard I kick his balls off how hard I kick his balls off how hard I kick his balls off , [Laughter] , [Laughter] , [Laughter] comes to me four months later and says: comes to me four months later and says: comes to me four months later and says: "Hey, [Laughter] "Hey, [Laughter] "Hey, [Laughter] that's something." Now, the whole thing is a Now, the whole thing is a Now, the whole thing is a bit unfair to those who bit unfair to those who bit unfair to those who are unintentionally pregnant. And there, too, are unintentionally pregnant. And there, too, are unintentionally pregnant. And there, too, I say, where's your initiative? I say, where's your initiative? I say, where's your initiative? If men were capable of If men were capable of If men were capable of being pregnant, we'd have being pregnant, we'd have being pregnant, we'd have an abortion clinic an abortion clinic an abortion clinic with a voucher at every rest stop. [Laughter] And what I also hear very often, which And what I also hear very often, which And what I also hear very often, which is also disturbing, is that men think they can do is also disturbing, is that men think they can do is also disturbing, is that men think they can do everything better than us. I do everything better than us. I do everything better than us. I do n't know. But what I do know is what men are But what I do know is what men are But what I do know is what men are definitely better at than women is definitely better at than women is definitely better at than women is being a woman. being a woman. being a woman. Bruce Jenner, Olympic champion, Bruce Jenner, Olympic champion, Bruce Jenner, Olympic champion, the pinnacle of male evolution. the pinnacle of male evolution. the pinnacle of male evolution. 60 years later, he looks in the mirror 60 years later, he looks in the mirror 60 years later, he looks in the mirror and thinks: and thinks: and thinks: "Wrong body." "Wrong body." "Wrong body." And then he has himself surgically altered to become And then he has himself surgically altered to become And then he has himself surgically altered to become a woman. What's the technical term? a woman. What's the technical term? a woman. What's the technical term? Decide, I think, right? Now she's called Caitlyn Jenner.  Caitlyn Now she's called Caitlyn Jenner.  Caitlyn Now she's called Caitlyn Jenner.  Caitlyn Jenner was named Jenner was named Jenner was named Woman of the Year that same year, along with others. Woman of the Year that same year, along with others. Woman of the Year that same year, along with others. Never had a period, never been Never had a period, never been Never had a period, never been pregnant. Her salary was pregnant. Her salary was pregnant. Her salary was n't cut either, n't cut either, n't cut either, because it wasn't necessary. People because it wasn't necessary. People because it wasn't necessary. People saw it and said, "Wow, saw it and said, "Wow, saw it and said, "Wow, we've never seen anything so naturally feminine we've never seen anything so naturally feminine we've never seen anything so naturally feminine ." Oh, I feel anger. Oh, I feel anger. Oh, I feel anger. You have to keep that to yourselves, otherwise You have to keep that to yourselves, otherwise You have to keep that to yourselves, otherwise you're transphobic. you're transphobic. you're transphobic. I once asked my grandma, "Grandma, what I once asked my grandma, "Grandma, what I once asked my grandma, "Grandma, what will you women be without us men?" will you women be without us men?" will you women be without us men?" Fat and happy. [laughter] The dating scene has The dating scene has The dating scene has changed a lot too. changed a lot too. changed a lot too. People use Tinder. Back then I thought, People use Tinder. Back then I thought, People use Tinder. Back then I thought, cool, that's for shy people who do cool, that's for shy people who do cool, that's for shy people who do n't leave the house, who don't n't leave the house, who don't n't leave the house, who don't have time. No, that thing is for have time. No, that thing is for have time. No, that thing is for slackers. slackers. slackers. I saw it. People lie on I saw it. People lie on I saw it. People lie on the couch, watch football, and the couch, watch football, and the couch, watch football, and swipe left and right at the same time. That's how swipe left and right at the same time. That's how swipe left and right at the same time. That's how I buy used cars. I buy used cars. I buy used cars. What kind of story are you going to tell your kids later What kind of story are you going to tell your kids later What kind of story are you going to tell your kids later ? "Dad, how did ? "Dad, how did ? "Dad, how did you know Mom was the one?" you know Mom was the one?" you know Mom was the one?" Well, [snorting] I was taking a dump Well, [snorting] I was taking a dump Well, [snorting] I was taking a dump and, uh  [laughter] and, uh  [laughter] and, uh  [laughter] Then a match came along and, um, at the same time, there was a Then a match came along and, um, at the same time, there was a Then a match came along and, um, at the same time, there was a splash and splash and splash and we still had to approach women ourselves back then, we still had to approach women ourselves back then, we still had to approach women ourselves back then, and that was a project, because and that was a project, because and that was a project, because thank you. Thank you thank you. Thank you thank you. Thank you you. you. you. Thank you. Because all we had available for that Because all we had available for that Because all we had available for that was half-baked knowledge from our was half-baked knowledge from our was half-baked knowledge from our brothers, cousins, and uncles, and you brothers, cousins, and uncles, and you brothers, cousins, and uncles, and you needed that half-baked knowledge because without it, needed that half-baked knowledge because without it, needed that half-baked knowledge because without it, you were lost. you were lost. you were lost. When I was in seventh grade, When I was in seventh grade, When I was in seventh grade, my girlfriend from tenth grade showed me her my girlfriend from tenth grade showed me her my girlfriend from tenth grade showed me her breasts here. breasts here. breasts here. And my reaction. My dad has the same ones. [laughter] It's like this: It's like this: It's like this: a woman can see you without looking at you a woman can see you without looking at you a woman can see you without looking at you . That means if you're . That means if you're . That means if you're standing here and she's looking in that direction, standing here and she's looking in that direction, standing here and she's looking in that direction, she still sees you. Panorama she still sees you. Panorama she still sees you. Panorama Witscreen. Witscreen. Witscreen. That means if a woman looks at you That means if a woman looks at you That means if a woman looks at you even though she doesn't have to, it means she even though she doesn't have to, it means she even though she doesn't have to, it means she finds you interesting. finds you interesting. finds you interesting. Wait, it could also be that she finds it Wait, it could also be that she finds it Wait, it could also be that she finds it interesting how ugly you are. interesting how ugly you are. interesting how ugly you are. Men can't do that, they can Men can't do that, they can Men can't do that, they can only stare. That means if you're only stare. That means if you're only stare. That means if you're standing here, the  Staring here, you do standing here, the  Staring here, you do standing here, the  Staring here, you do n't exist. n't exist. n't exist. That's why we despair so much at the That's why we despair so much at the That's why we despair so much at the refrigerator. Where's the butter? And then experts say: "Yes, that's And then experts say: "Yes, that's And then experts say: "Yes, that's because men were the hunters and because men were the hunters and because men were the hunters and women picked raspberries." I do women picked raspberries." I do women picked raspberries." I do n't know, but you ca n't know, but you ca n't know, but you ca n't put a man away from a raspberry bush. n't put a man away from a raspberry bush. n't put a man away from a raspberry bush. B, where are the raspberries? [laughter] It 's also always very confusing for you as a woman 's also always very confusing for you as a woman 's also always very confusing for you as a woman when a man stares at you. when a man stares at you. when a man stares at you. You never know, does he like me, am I in the You never know, does he like me, am I in the You never know, does he like me, am I in the way, way, way, or is he just some or is he just some or is he just some village rapist? village rapist? village rapist? So, if a woman wants to show you So, if a woman wants to show you So, if a woman wants to show you that she likes you, this is where it gets that she likes you, this is where it gets that she likes you, this is where it gets complicated, because as a man, you need complicated, because as a man, you need complicated, because as a man, you need a keen eye. It's about a keen eye. It's about a keen eye. It's about microexpressions. microexpressions. microexpressions. To this day, I don't know if my wife To this day, I don't know if my wife To this day, I don't know if my wife likes me. So, if you're standing here and she's looking So, if you're standing here and she's looking So, if you're standing here and she's looking in this direction and she wants to in this direction and she wants to in this direction and she wants to show you that she likes you, she does the show you that she likes you, she does the show you that she likes you, she does the following. She looks at you and does following. She looks at you and does following. She looks at you and does this. That's it. this. That's it. this. That's it. And you have to  You see, And you have to  You see, And you have to  You see, you have to be able to work with it. And I you have to be able to work with it. And I you have to be able to work with it. And I said, Uncle, I don't know if this is said, Uncle, I don't know if this is said, Uncle, I don't know if this is true, because there was a girl the other day. true, because there was a girl the other day. true, because there was a girl the other day. She looked at me for a long time. She She looked at me for a long time. She She looked at me for a long time. She smiled for a long time too. The prostitute. smiled for a long time too. The prostitute. smiled for a long time too. The prostitute. So, now you have to talk to her. Now it So, now you have to talk to her. Now it So, now you have to talk to her. Now it gets complicated. What do you say? My gets complicated. What do you say? My gets complicated. What do you say? My uncle was like, Nikita, it's uncle was like, Nikita, it's uncle was like, Nikita, it's not that complicated. not that complicated. not that complicated. You just go up to her and say, I'm Thomas, and who are you? I'm Thomas, and who are you? I'm Thomas, and who are you? But be careful, yeah, because this method But be careful, yeah, because this method But be careful, yeah, because this method only works if your name only works if your name only works if your name really is Thomas. I got to a I got to a I got to a point when I was 15 where I thought, man and woman, it does point when I was 15 where I thought, man and woman, it does point when I was 15 where I thought, man and woman, it does n't work. We're too n't work. We're too n't work. We're too complicated, we talk past each other complicated, we talk past each other complicated, we talk past each other , we're incompatible. , we're incompatible. , we're incompatible. And I really got to a And I really got to a And I really got to a point where I thought it would be much more point where I thought it would be much more point where I thought it would be much more relaxed to be gay. relaxed to be gay. relaxed to be gay. Yeah, because men are simple, they Yeah, because men are simple, they Yeah, because men are simple, they all like the same things. Women, that's all like the same things. Women, that's all like the same things. Women, that's individual. Ah, not the ear. Ah, individual. Ah, not the ear. Ah, individual. Ah, not the ear. Ah, not the throat. Ah, so female not the throat. Ah, so female not the throat. Ah, so female desires for us men, it's like an desires for us men, it's like an desires for us men, it's like an accordion. accordion. accordion. 1000 buttons. 1000 buttons. 1000 buttons. You can learn it, You can learn it, You can learn it, but dude, but dude, but dude, men are just a flute men are just a flute men are just a flute with one hole, with one hole, with one hole, just blowing. [laughter] The thing is, if you're gay, The thing is, if you're gay, The thing is, if you're gay, you can punch your partner in the face you can punch your partner in the face you can punch your partner in the face and nobody will hold it against you and nobody will hold it against you and nobody will hold it against you . Because when men fight, . Because when men fight, . Because when men fight, they're friends again afterward, they they're friends again afterward, they they're friends again afterward, they even have a deeper even have a deeper even have a deeper bond afterward. bond afterward. bond afterward. There was a time when men would There was a time when men would There was a time when men would punch each other in the face to punch each other in the face to punch each other in the face to deepen their bond. deepen their bond. deepen their bond. When women fight, which When women fight, which When women fight, which is very rare. And if you see that, do is very rare. And if you see that, do is very rare. And if you see that, do n't get involved. n't get involved. n't get involved. Because, uh [sighs] Because, uh [sighs] Because, uh [sighs] I think it's hot. Okay. [laughter] Well, now I imagine I'm now I imagine I'm now I imagine I'm standing in the kitchen with my lover and standing in the kitchen with my lover and standing in the kitchen with my lover and we're arguing and I punch him in the jaw we're arguing and I punch him in the jaw we're arguing and I punch him in the jaw and he punches me and I smash and he punches me and I smash and he punches me and I smash the coffee cup over his head and the coffee cup over his head and the coffee cup over his head and we're lying on the floor and dabbing and we're lying on the floor and dabbing and we're lying on the floor and dabbing and drawer in the face. drawer in the face. drawer in the face. We're lying on the floor, face bleeding, We're lying on the floor, face bleeding, We're lying on the floor, face bleeding, two black eyes,  Nose broken. What two black eyes,  Nose broken. What two black eyes,  Nose broken. What do we do next? We get up. do we do next? We get up. do we do next? We get up. Sit on the couch, open a Sit on the couch, open a Sit on the couch, open a beer, watch SpongeBob, [laughter] jerk beer, watch SpongeBob, [laughter] jerk beer, watch SpongeBob, [laughter] jerk each other off, and each other off, and each other off, and life goes on. Interesting. Interesting. Interesting. I hear women laughing I hear women laughing I hear women laughing and I see the men. Hmm, that makes and I see the men. Hmm, that makes and I see the men. Hmm, that makes sense. [laughter] At this point, the At this point, the At this point, the question comes up, okay, if being gay is so cool question comes up, okay, if being gay is so cool question comes up, okay, if being gay is so cool , why aren't you? , why aren't you? , why aren't you? Yeah. Um, when I was ten, I got Yeah. Um, when I was ten, I got Yeah. Um, when I was ten, I got a suppository [laughter] a suppository [laughter] a suppository [laughter] and the idea that it could be ten times and the idea that it could be ten times and the idea that it could be ten times bigger [laughter] bigger [laughter] bigger [laughter] or 20 times bigger if it's a Cuban. or 20 times bigger if it's a Cuban. or 20 times bigger if it's a Cuban. Okay, I think I'll stop now. I can Okay, I think I'll stop now. I can Okay, I think I'll stop now. I can already see some guys with goosebumps. already see some guys with goosebumps. already see some guys with goosebumps. Well, at 15, the great salvation came. Well, at 15, the great salvation came. Well, at 15, the great salvation came. Social media, our first platform Social media, our first platform Social media, our first platform was called Quick, and I thought, awesome, finally was called Quick, and I thought, awesome, finally was called Quick, and I thought, awesome, finally I can approach women without being I can approach women without being I can approach women without being afraid. The only problem was, 100 afraid. The only problem was, 100 afraid. The only problem was, 100 million men had the same million men had the same million men had the same idea. idea. idea. So, that means I  I had to write to her somehow, in So, that means I  I had to write to her somehow, in So, that means I  I had to write to her somehow, in a way that a way that a way that showed me I was different from the others. showed me I was different from the others. showed me I was different from the others. So, I looked for inspiration So, I looked for inspiration So, I looked for inspiration . I read Gote, I . I read Gote, I . I read Gote, I read Remark, but secretly, so read Remark, but secretly, so read Remark, but secretly, so my parents wouldn't think I was my parents wouldn't think I was my parents wouldn't think I was gay. [laughter] gay. [laughter] gay. [laughter] I also said I was going to I also said I was going to I also said I was going to my room to do some shadowboxing. my room to do some shadowboxing. my room to do some shadowboxing. Shadowboxing? Shadowboxing? Shadowboxing? Take a tissue. [laughter] Then I messaged this girl Then I messaged this girl Then I messaged this girl . It took me over an hour . It took me over an hour . It took me over an hour to write that message. I to write that message. I to write that message. I really put in the effort. I sat there. really put in the effort. I sat there. really put in the effort. I sat there. Good evening, lady. So, with a Good evening, lady. So, with a Good evening, lady. So, with a monocle and top hat, I sat there with an monocle and top hat, I sat there with an monocle and top hat, I sat there with an owl on my shoulder. owl on my shoulder. owl on my shoulder. Best the interest. I was so Best the interest. I was so Best the interest. I was so Shakespearean. Best my penis and your Shakespearean. Best my penis and your Shakespearean. Best my penis and your mouths. [laughter] I was a gentleman. I wrote her a I was a gentleman. I wrote her a I was a gentleman. I wrote her a nice message. She nice message. She nice message. She replied eventually, saying, replied eventually, saying, replied eventually, saying, "Hey, thanks for your words."  "Of course "Hey, thanks for your words."  "Of course "Hey, thanks for your words."  "Of course I'm interested." And I was: I'm interested." And I was: I'm interested." And I was: "Wow, "Wow, "Wow, I've figured out the system." I've figured out the system." I've figured out the system." How can you tell what a man's character is How can you tell what a man's character is How can you tell what a man's character is ?  Give him power.  Instead of being ?  Give him power.  Instead of being ?  Give him power.  Instead of being happy about what I have, what am happy about what I have, what am happy about what I have, what am I doing?  I open my message again, I doing?  I open my message again, I doing?  I open my message again, read it through, and think to myself, you read it through, and think to myself, you read it through, and think to myself, you sexy bastard. sexy bastard. sexy bastard. Then I highlight the entire text and Then I highlight the entire text and Then I highlight the entire text and copy it to 20 other women. copy it to 20 other women. copy it to 20 other women. I wanted a casting call. I wanted a casting call. I wanted a casting call. I wanted 20 women I wanted 20 women I wanted 20 women sitting in the waiting room and me in a big, sitting in the waiting room and me in a big, sitting in the waiting room and me in a big, fat armchair.  The next one. fat armchair.  The next one. fat armchair.  The next one. Yes, come in.  Turn around, turn around. Yes, come in.  Turn around, turn around. Yes, come in.  Turn around, turn around. Hey, what's wrong with your eyes?  Yes, my dad Hey, what's wrong with your eyes?  Yes, my dad Hey, what's wrong with your eyes?  Yes, my dad left the Philippines.  I hate left the Philippines.  I hate left the Philippines.  I hate Chinese people. And for the last two who make it to the final And for the last two who make it to the final And for the last two who make it to the final , I'll take a billiard cue, , I'll take a billiard cue, , I'll take a billiard cue, break it in two, and say: "Fight." break it in two, and say: "Fight." break it in two, and say: "Fight." The girl I dated was named The girl I dated was named The girl I dated was named Nadja.  I was totally in love with her. Nadja.  I was totally in love with her. Nadja.  I was totally in love with her. I spent all my pocket money on text messages I spent all my pocket money on text messages I spent all my pocket money on text messages .  I .  I .  I wrote something at some point.  I love you.  Do wrote something at some point.  I love you.  Do wrote something at some point.  I love you.  Do n't answer.  This is my father's mobile phone. n't answer.  This is my father's mobile phone. n't answer.  This is my father's mobile phone. The thing is, Nadia has just The thing is, Nadia has just The thing is, Nadia has just moved to our village, and something like that is moved to our village, and something like that is moved to our village, and something like that is worth its weight in gold.  But my village has 800 inhabitants.  That worth its weight in gold.  But my village has 800 inhabitants.  That worth its weight in gold.  But my village has 800 inhabitants.  That means if I hadn't gotten my means if I hadn't gotten my means if I hadn't gotten my driver's license in time, driver's license in time, driver's license in time, I probably would have married my sister I probably would have married my sister I probably would have married my sister .  [laughter] .  [laughter] .  [laughter] Hey, she looks like me and I think I'm Hey, she looks like me and I think I'm Hey, she looks like me and I think I'm cute.  What can I say? cute.  What can I say? cute.  What can I say? It does have its advantages.  I don't need to get It does have its advantages.  I don't need to get It does have its advantages.  I don't need to get nervous when she introduces me to her parents nervous when she introduces me to her parents nervous when she introduces me to her parents . . . And if our child has six arms, And if our child has six arms, And if our child has six arms, I'll teach him Kung Fu.  [laughter] I'll teach him Kung Fu.  [laughter] I'll teach him Kung Fu.  [laughter] Apply him to Mortal Kombat or Apply him to Mortal Kombat or Apply him to Mortal Kombat or something. something. something. And that thing.  But what do you do And that thing.  But what do you do And that thing.  But what do you do with your girlfriend when you're 15?  So, I mean, with your girlfriend when you're 15?  So, I mean, with your girlfriend when you're 15?  So, I mean, I promised to I promised to I promised to marry her. marry her. marry her. A start.  My uncle was like that, boy, A start.  My uncle was like that, boy, A start.  My uncle was like that, boy, watch out. watch out. watch out. Scientists have discovered a food Scientists have discovered a food Scientists have discovered a food that severely restricts sexual drive that severely restricts sexual drive that severely restricts sexual drive .  I say: "Which one? .  I say: "Which one? .  I say: "Which one? Wedding cake? No, but what does a date like that look like? No, but what does a date like that look like? No, but what does a date like that look like? What do you do?"  And people say: "Yes, What do you do?"  And people say: "Yes, What do you do?"  And people say: "Yes, take the bus, go into take the bus, go into take the bus, go into town together."  Age, 40 minutes cattle transport. town together."  Age, 40 minutes cattle transport. town together."  Age, 40 minutes cattle transport. I wanted to meet up with Viktor in the I wanted to meet up with Viktor in the I wanted to meet up with Viktor in the city.  He's already been there.  I'll call city.  He's already been there.  I'll call city.  He's already been there.  I'll call him.  I say, "Hey man, I him.  I say, "Hey man, I him.  I say, "Hey man, I missed the bus."  And when are missed the bus."  And when are missed the bus."  And when are you coming?  Not at all this week. you coming?  Not at all this week. you coming?  Not at all this week. I think the best thing you I think the best thing you I think the best thing you can do with a girl at that age is can do with a girl at that age is can do with a girl at that age is a movie night.  But what are you looking at? a movie night.  But what are you looking at? a movie night.  But what are you looking at? Which film are you going to watch? Which film are you going to watch? Which film are you going to watch? Very good. Very good. Very good. Very good, very good, because people Very good, very good, because people Very good, very good, because people here are saying, show me a film that touches their heart here are saying, show me a film that touches their heart here are saying, show me a film that touches their heart .  Show me a film that .  Show me a film that .  Show me a film that makes her cry.  And I think to myself, makes her cry.  And I think to myself, makes her cry.  And I think to myself, I can't mess around with her I can't mess around with her I can't mess around with her when Schindler's List is playing in the background when Schindler's List is playing in the background when Schindler's List is playing in the background .  [laughter] Yes, Titanic.  Titanic, nothing can Yes, Titanic.  Titanic, nothing can Yes, Titanic.  Titanic, nothing can go wrong.  Titanic is a jackpot. go wrong.  Titanic is a jackpot. go wrong.  Titanic is a jackpot. Now, the thing is, Now, the thing is, Now, the thing is, my uncle was the crack star in our my uncle was the crack star in our my uncle was the crack star in our family. family. family. Whatever you needed, he got it for you Whatever you needed, he got it for you Whatever you needed, he got it for you .  But there was always a .  But there was always a .  But there was always a catch. catch. catch. My uncle once got us a movie My uncle once got us a movie My uncle once got us a movie .  I'm watching it with my .  I'm watching it with my .  I'm watching it with my parents.  The film is playing normally. parents.  The film is playing normally. parents.  The film is playing normally. Quality, top-notch, everything's cool.  But every Quality, top-notch, everything's cool.  But every Quality, top-notch, everything's cool.  But every 10 minutes there's this short 10 minutes there's this short 10 minutes there's this short clip.  Just half a second, just clip.  Just half a second, just clip.  Just half a second, just a moment.  Volatile.  Deepf gone. a moment.  Volatile.  Deepf gone. a moment.  Volatile.  Deepf gone. And I'm sitting there And I'm sitting there And I'm sitting there and I'm not sure if I saw it and I'm not sure if I saw it and I'm not sure if I saw it . Perhaps it was a flashback. Perhaps it was a flashback. Perhaps it was a flashback. I'm looking at my parents. I'm looking at my parents. I'm looking at my parents. They aren't sure either. Only my little sister cried Only my little sister cried Only my little sister cried . . . My uncle once My uncle once My uncle once cracked our receiver so we cracked our receiver so we cracked our receiver so we could watch Premiere illegally.   There's could watch Premiere illegally.   There's could watch Premiere illegally.   There's a catch. a catch. a catch. Every time you turn up the volume, Every time you turn up the volume, Every time you turn up the volume, you can't see the bars.  Instead, you see you can't see the bars.  Instead, you see you can't see the bars.  Instead, you see a huge penis a huge penis a huge penis that keeps getting bigger.  The louder you turn it up that keeps getting bigger.  The louder you turn it up that keeps getting bigger.  The louder you turn it up , the , the , the maximum volume of the fountain. maximum volume of the fountain. maximum volume of the fountain. My parents have stopped My parents have stopped My parents have stopped watching television. My uncle once repaired a PC. My uncle once repaired a PC. My uncle once repaired a PC. I turn it on, paranoid, check everything I turn it on, paranoid, check everything I turn it on, paranoid, check everything , Windows cracked, programs , Windows cracked, programs , Windows cracked, programs running, no boobs, no swastikas, running, no boobs, no swastikas, running, no boobs, no swastikas, everything's cool.  Right-click.  Uh. everything's cool.  Right-click.  Uh. everything's cool.  Right-click.  Uh. The thing is, he'll fix it, but you The thing is, he'll fix it, but you The thing is, he'll fix it, but you have to ask him to. have to ask him to. have to ask him to. I was like, hey Uncle, my computer.  What now I was like, hey Uncle, my computer.  What now I was like, hey Uncle, my computer.  What now ?  I say, "Nothing, nothing. ?  I say, "Nothing, nothing. ?  I say, "Nothing, nothing. I'm trash. Thank you. [laughter] But every time I right-click, But every time I right-click, that one woman moans. [laughter] that one woman moans. [laughter] that one woman moans. [laughter] And And And I don't want that. I don't want that. I don't want that. What would you rather have his husband moan What would you rather have his husband moan What would you rather have his husband moan for you? [laughter] So, Uncle, please, I'll give you my So, Uncle, please, I'll give you my So, Uncle, please, I'll give you my last pennies. I don't want the last pennies. I don't want the last pennies. I don't want the penis. penis. penis. So, Uncle, this is stressful. I want to So, Uncle, this is stressful. I want to So, Uncle, this is stressful. I want to play shooter games. It's not possible. play shooter games. It's not possible. play shooter games. It's not possible. I can't be I can't be I can't be throwing hand grenades all the time. [laughter] Either way, I would never Either way, I would never Either way, I would never bring a girl home with me. If only bring a girl home with me. If only bring a girl home with me. If only because of my mother. because of my mother. because of my mother. Because if my mother gets any new impressions Because if my mother gets any new impressions Because if my mother gets any new impressions or new information, or new information, or new information, she immediately picks up the phone, calls she immediately picks up the phone, calls she immediately picks up the phone, calls all her friends, and tells them all her friends, and tells them all her friends, and tells them everything. [laughter] everything. [laughter] everything. [laughter] I can't blame you, because I I can't blame you, because I I can't blame you, because I think if she doesn't, think if she doesn't, think if she doesn't, you'll be foaming at the mouth. you'll be foaming at the mouth. you'll be foaming at the mouth. And if you  If you don't give her enough information And if you  If you don't give her enough information And if you  If you don't give her enough information , she'll make , she'll make , she'll make things up. things up. things up. And then I'm like, man, why are And then I'm like, man, why are And then I'm like, man, why are you making up such crap? I'm not making things up, I'm you making up such crap? I'm not making things up, I'm you making up such crap? I'm not making things up, I'm speculating. speculating. speculating. Yeah. And then I'm at the bus station Yeah. And then I'm at the bus station Yeah. And then I'm at the bus station with my buddies Olek, Viktor, with my buddies Olek, Viktor, with my buddies Olek, Viktor, and Vadim. And Vadim was like, "Jökit, and Vadim. And Vadim was like, "Jökit, and Vadim. And Vadim was like, "Jökit, what did I hear about you?"  You what did I hear about you?"  You what did I hear about you?"  You now have pubic hair. Who says such things? Who says such things? Who says such things? And your mother told my mother And your mother told my mother And your mother told my mother .  [laughter] But why does she do that? But why does she do that? But why does she do that? Nikita, best friends have no Nikita, best friends have no Nikita, best friends have no secrets.  Say yes, but that's secrets.  Say yes, but that's secrets.  Say yes, but that's not true at all.  [laughter] not true at all.  [laughter] not true at all.  [laughter] Oh, so Oh, so Oh, so you're still a little naked frog? you're still a little naked frog? you're still a little naked frog? I didn't tell you that.  Ah, did I didn't tell you that.  Ah, did I didn't tell you that.  Ah, did you show me? you show me? you show me? So I said, no movie night at So I said, no movie night at So I said, no movie night at my place, movie night at Nadia's.  That means I have to my place, movie night at Nadia's.  That means I have to my place, movie night at Nadia's.  That means I have to get the film somehow. get the film somehow. get the film somehow. It's interesting how people are these days, It's interesting how people are these days, It's interesting how people are these days, especially the younger ones; I do especially the younger ones; I do especially the younger ones; I do n't know what to watch.  And then n't know what to watch.  And then n't know what to watch.  And then they scroll through Netflix for 40 minutes they scroll through Netflix for 40 minutes they scroll through Netflix for 40 minutes and are so overwhelmed by the and are so overwhelmed by the and are so overwhelmed by the huge selection that they huge selection that they huge selection that they eventually start to cry, and then eventually start to cry, and then eventually start to cry, and then they need a sip of they need a sip of they need a sip of cocoa with oat milk cocoa with oat milk cocoa with oat milk to regain their balance. to regain their balance. to regain their balance. We had to get the movies ourselves back then, We had to get the movies ourselves back then, We had to get the movies ourselves back then, and we went through hell. and we went through hell. and we went through hell. You go to such a website and immediately You go to such a website and immediately You go to such a website and immediately 50 breast windows open, and for every window you close, and for every window you close, and for every window you close, three new windows open. three new windows open. three new windows open. I was like Hercules against the Hydra. I saw more naked women in one hour I saw more naked women in one hour I saw more naked women in one hour than my grandfather did in his than my grandfather did in his than my grandfather did in his entire life. entire life. entire life. And you have these 50 boob fans, and And you have these 50 boob fans, and And you have these 50 boob fans, and as a man you need focus.  You have to go through there, as a man you need focus.  You have to go through there, as a man you need focus.  You have to go through there, and then even more windows will pop up. and then even more windows will pop up. and then even more windows will pop up. I am only 2 km away from you.  Please I am only 2 km away from you.  Please I am only 2 km away from you.  Please [ __ ] me, hey.  And I, at 15, went about 2 [ __ ] me, hey.  And I, at 15, went about 2 [ __ ] me, hey.  And I, at 15, went about 2 km km km by bike to the next village and then you're finally filming.  There and then you're finally filming.  There and then you're finally filming.  There are ten different download buttons.   They're are ten different download buttons.   They're are ten different download buttons.   They're all flashing their lights like in Las Vegas.  But all flashing their lights like in Las Vegas.  But all flashing their lights like in Las Vegas.  But only one is correct. only one is correct. only one is correct. If you click the wrong one, 50 new If you click the wrong one, 50 new If you click the wrong one, 50 new tit windows appear. tit windows appear. tit windows appear. And then people said, okay, if that And then people said, okay, if that And then people said, okay, if that 's too stressful for you, then just use 's too stressful for you, then just use 's too stressful for you, then just use an online exchange. an online exchange. an online exchange. Yes, that's possible.  But you do Yes, that's possible.  But you do Yes, that's possible.  But you do n't always get the movie you want there. n't always get the movie you want there. n't always get the movie you want there. I'm downloading a movie.  Jackie Chan I'm downloading a movie.  Jackie Chan I'm downloading a movie.  Jackie Chan lasts 3 days. lasts 3 days. lasts 3 days. Turn it on, porn. Turn it on, porn. Turn it on, porn. And when you finally get the movie And when you finally get the movie And when you finally get the movie you wanted, it you wanted, it you wanted, it almost always goes like this.  There's some guy named almost always goes like this.  There's some guy named almost always goes like this.  There's some guy named Evgieni sitting in the last row Evgieni sitting in the last row Evgieni sitting in the last row of the cinema with his camcorder, of the cinema with his camcorder, of the cinema with his camcorder, half a megapixel, and he's recording the whole film for you, and he's recording the whole film for you, and he's recording the whole film for you, and you hear people smacking their lips, and you hear people smacking their lips, and you hear people smacking their lips, you see them running back and forth you see them running back and forth you see them running back and forth [laughter], [laughter], [laughter], and you have no idea why. and you have no idea why. and you have no idea why. Chinese subtitles.  [laughter] The third thing is, if you The third thing is, if you The third thing is, if you use an online file-sharing network, you'll eventually get a use an online file-sharing network, you'll eventually get a use an online file-sharing network, you'll eventually get a letter letter letter from the police saying something like: from the police saying something like: from the police saying something like: "Hey, "Hey, "Hey, we saw you're using an we saw you're using an we saw you're using an online file-sharing network. It's illegal. online file-sharing network. It's illegal. online file-sharing network. It's illegal. Please transfer us €5,000. Please transfer us €5,000. Please transfer us €5,000. Otherwise, we'll come to your house, Otherwise, we'll come to your house, Otherwise, we'll come to your house, dip our dicks in sand dip our dicks in sand dip our dicks in sand [laughter], and [ __ ] you." [laughter], and [ __ ] you." [laughter], and [ __ ] you." And I think my dad had a feeling it was going to And I think my dad had a feeling it was going to And I think my dad had a feeling it was going to happen because at that happen because at that happen because at that moment I looked out the window and I moment I looked out the window and I moment I looked out the window and I saw him setting up a sandbox saw him setting up a sandbox saw him setting up a sandbox [laughter], and then people said, "Okay, if even and then people said, "Okay, if even and then people said, "Okay, if even that's too stressful for you, just that's too stressful for you, just that's too stressful for you, just get the movie in get the movie in get the movie in Russian." Russian." Russian." Yeah, you can [scream] do that. Yeah, you can [scream] do that. Yeah, you can [scream] do that. Only the Russian dubbing back then was Only the Russian dubbing back then was Only the Russian dubbing back then was very special. very special. very special. A Russian movie, or a movie in A Russian movie, or a movie in A Russian movie, or a movie in Russian, goes like this: The movie plays in Russian, goes like this: The movie plays in Russian, goes like this: The movie plays in English, original, unaltered, everything's English, original, unaltered, everything's English, original, unaltered, everything's cool, but throughout the whole movie, a cool, but throughout the whole movie, a cool, but throughout the whole movie, a depressed Russian [laughter] talks in the middle of the movie and talks in the middle of the movie and talks in the middle of the movie and translates for everyone. translates for everyone. translates for everyone. Everyone, no matter what. Cat  Mia, Russian Everyone, no matter what. Cat  Mia, Russian Everyone, no matter what. Cat  Mia, Russian Mia. [laughter] You hear the wind, You hear the wind, You hear the wind, you hear the Russian. W Black you hear the Russian. W Black you hear the Russian. W Black he translates everything that's he translates everything that's he translates everything that's written. The movie starts, written. The movie starts, written. The movie starts, the text comes bam Con and you hear the text comes bam Con and you hear the text comes bam Con and you hear the Russian movie [ahem] the Russian movie [ahem] the Russian movie [ahem] starring Nolas Clavas starring Nolas Clavas starring Nolas Clavas Catch [laughter] Spider-Man Chill Pok Spider-Man Chill Pok Spider-Man Chill Pok and the creepiest of all SpongeBob and the creepiest of all SpongeBob and the creepiest of all SpongeBob SquarePants doesn't have and the dialogues. and the dialogues. and the dialogues. Love you. Love you. Love you. Love you. I love you. I love you too. Love you. I love you. I love you too. Love you. I love you. I love you too. With some movies it works. Terminator With some movies it works. Terminator With some movies it works. Terminator back. Yeah, back. Yeah, back. Yeah, no difference. no difference. no difference. Die Hard. [ __ ]. No difference. No difference. No difference. But Titanic, But Titanic, But Titanic, you can't do that. you can't do that. you can't do that. Just the final scene when Rose is Just the final scene when Rose is Just the final scene when Rose is paddling outside.  At sea, searching paddling outside.  At sea, searching paddling outside.  At sea, searching for her sweetheart. Jack, Jack, and the for her sweetheart. Jack, Jack, and the for her sweetheart. Jack, Jack, and the Russian Jack, Jack. [laughter] Jack, [screaming] Jack, Jack, [screaming] Jack, Jack, [screaming] Jack, Jack, Jack, [laughter] Jack, Jack, zajebal. Jack, Jack, zajebal. Jack, Jack, zajebal. So I'll stick with the online So I'll stick with the online So I'll stick with the online file-sharing service. It's okay, I'm wet. Sandbox It's okay, I'm wet. Sandbox It's okay, I'm wet. Sandbox is ready. But my computer was But my computer was But my computer was too weak for these downloads. I too weak for these downloads. I too weak for these downloads. I download Titanic, I wait 11 days. In the download Titanic, I wait 11 days. In the download Titanic, I wait 11 days. In the end, I had four new porn videos. end, I had four new porn videos. end, I had four new porn videos. [laughter] I needed my dad's computer, needed my dad's computer, needed my dad's computer, but my dad was a gaming addict. but my dad was a gaming addict. but my dad was a gaming addict. No matter what you gave him, No matter what you gave him, No matter what you gave him, shooters, strategy games. He shooters, strategy games. He shooters, strategy games. He played it over and over again. Nobody was allowed to played it over and over again. Nobody was allowed to played it over and over again. Nobody was allowed to use that computer. Nobody was allowed to use that computer. Nobody was allowed to use that computer. Nobody was allowed to enter that room. I mean, you enter that room. I mean, you enter that room. I mean, you could go in, sure. But if he happens to die could go in, sure. But if he happens to die could go in, sure. But if he happens to die in that game, in that game, in that game, he uses your face as a he uses your face as a he uses your face as a mousepad mousepad mousepad and he keeps dying. [laughter] and he keeps dying. [laughter] and he keeps dying. [laughter] He plays terribly. He plays terribly. He plays terribly. Saving and loading every 10 seconds Saving and loading every 10 seconds Saving and loading every 10 seconds until he knows it by heart.  [laughter] until he knows it by heart.  [laughter] until he knows it by heart.  [laughter] And I say, Dad, maybe you should play And I say, Dad, maybe you should play And I say, Dad, maybe you should play something else. Do I look like a something else. Do I look like a something else. Do I look like a weakling who gives up immediately? weakling who gives up immediately? weakling who gives up immediately? Okay, but then turn the Okay, but then turn the Okay, but then turn the difficulty down. I difficulty down. I difficulty down. I said I'm not a weakling. Okay. My mother comes into the room one day and My mother comes into the room one day and My mother comes into the room one day and says, "Go call your dad for dinner." says, "Go call your dad for dinner." says, "Go call your dad for dinner." Say, "Mom, Say, "Mom, Say, "Mom, [snorting][laughter] ca [snorting][laughter] ca [snorting][laughter] ca n't we just eat together?" I love you.   Okay .  OK.  [laughter] .  OK.  [laughter] .  OK.  [laughter] But I have to feed the baby.  Go get But I have to feed the baby.  Go get But I have to feed the baby.  Go get your sister.  Tell me, where is she?  At your sister.  Tell me, where is she?  At your sister.  Tell me, where is she?  At your father's.  [laughter] Then I come into his room, the Then I come into his room, the Then I come into his room, the blinds are down, my father is at the computer, blinds are down, my father is at the computer, blinds are down, my father is at the computer, topless, with three fan indicators on topless, with three fan indicators on topless, with three fan indicators on him.  It smelled like 80 him.  It smelled like 80 him.  It smelled like 80 cats had died in there.  [laughter] cats had died in there.  [laughter] cats had died in there.  [laughter] The speakers turned up all the way.  Commander, The speakers turned up all the way.  Commander, The speakers turned up all the way.  Commander, Commander Discovery, Commander Commander Discovery, Commander Commander Discovery, Commander Machine Gun Explosion, my father is right in the middle of it Machine Gun Explosion, my father is right in the middle of it Machine Gun Explosion, my father is right in the middle of it and just dodging, total and just dodging, total and just dodging, total immersion, my uncle once immersion, my uncle once immersion, my uncle once observed this and said, come on, let's record observed this and said, come on, let's record observed this and said, come on, let's record the video and upload it to the video and upload it to the video and upload it to YouTube, then [snorting] you'll never have to YouTube, then [snorting] you'll never have to YouTube, then [snorting] you'll never have to work again. There was an explosion involved, it was There was an explosion involved, it was There was an explosion involved, it was so intense.  Boom!  My brain, so intense.  Boom!  My brain, so intense.  Boom!  My brain, I couldn't see anything anymore.  I stand there I couldn't see anything anymore.  I stand there I couldn't see anything anymore.  I stand there , I open my eyes, everything is , I open my eyes, everything is , I open my eyes, everything is blurry and I only see my blurry and I only see my blurry and I only see my father.  Did I die because of you? father.  Did I die because of you? father.  Did I die because of you? Just give me [screams] the baby. Just give me [screams] the baby. Just give me [screams] the baby. Which baby?  My sister.  We Which baby?  My sister.  We Which baby?  My sister.  We have to wait until she cries.  Why? have to wait until she cries.  Why? have to wait until she cries.  Why? because I no longer know where I because I no longer know where I because I no longer know where I put them. I'm also a little bit ashamed myself, I'm also a little bit ashamed myself, I'm also a little bit ashamed myself, because I got these games for him because I got these games for him because I got these games for him , because my mother , because my mother , because my mother always blackmailed me with them.  If you don't do what always blackmailed me with them.  If you don't do what always blackmailed me with them.  If you don't do what I say, I'll be Dad.   Do I say, I'll be Dad.   Do I say, I'll be Dad.   Do you have bad grades in school? you have bad grades in school? you have bad grades in school? I'll tell Dad.  And then I see I'll tell Dad.  And then I see I'll tell Dad.  And then I see a computer game.  See back cover. a computer game.  See back cover. a computer game.  See back cover. 8 to 10 hours of playtime.   That 8 to 10 hours of playtime.   That 8 to 10 hours of playtime.   That translates to 11 months of peace from translates to 11 months of peace from translates to 11 months of peace from him.  [laughter] Then I install it for him. My Then I install it for him. My Then I install it for him. My mother comes and says, "Go clean your mother comes and says, "Go clean your mother comes and says, "Go clean your room."  I say: "No, I'll get room."  I say: "No, I'll get room."  I say: "No, I'll get Dad."  I say, "Get him." [laughter] But everything in life strives for But everything in life strives for But everything in life strives for balance. I go to my mom. M, balance. I go to my mom. M, balance. I go to my mom. M, can I can I can I stay up a little later tonight? Go, [clears throat] your stay up a little later tonight? Go, [clears throat] your stay up a little later tonight? Go, [clears throat] your dad asks. dad asks. dad asks. Good night, [snort] Good night, [snort] Good night, [snort] M, can I have some money? G, ask M, can I have some money? G, ask M, can I have some money? G, ask Dad. Dad. Dad. So I started So I started So I started selling weed at school. selling weed at school. selling weed at school. My mother comes into the room. Where did My mother comes into the room. Where did My mother comes into the room. Where did you suddenly get so much money? I say, go, you suddenly get so much money? I say, go, you suddenly get so much money? I say, go, ask Dad. ask Dad. ask Dad. So, I have to get on his computer, I So, I have to get on his computer, I So, I have to get on his computer, I have to start the download. It's not have to start the download. It's not have to start the download. It's not difficult, but the computer has to run for 24 hours difficult, but the computer has to run for 24 hours difficult, but the computer has to run for 24 hours so the download doesn't so the download doesn't so the download doesn't interrupt. And [snort] interrupt. And [snort] interrupt. And [snort] he doesn't play that long, not yet. And I he doesn't play that long, not yet. And I he doesn't play that long, not yet. And I thought, hey, maybe there's thought, hey, maybe there's thought, hey, maybe there's a Tamagoi game for the PC. Do you remember a Tamagoi game for the PC. Do you remember a Tamagoi game for the PC. Do you remember Tamagotii? Yeah, those were those Tamagotii? Yeah, those were those Tamagotii? Yeah, those were those little Game Boys. There's only one game on them little Game Boys. There's only one game on them little Game Boys. There's only one game on them . You have to raise this animal. . You have to raise this animal. . You have to raise this animal. I had one of those crappy ducks. I had one of those crappy ducks. I had one of those crappy ducks. The thing only has two  Buttons. Feeding The thing only has two  Buttons. Feeding The thing only has two  Buttons. Feeding and wiping up [ __ ]. A simple job in itself, but you're on 24- A simple job in itself, but you're on 24- A simple job in itself, but you're on 24- hour duty. It's not fun at 3 hour duty. It's not fun at 3 hour duty. It's not fun at 3 a.m. when the thing's covered in [ __ ] a.m. when the thing's covered in [ __ ] a.m. when the thing's covered in [ __ ] and starts squeaking. [screaming] and starts squeaking. [screaming] and starts squeaking. [screaming] Then I thought, okay, I'll call Weim, Then I thought, okay, I'll call Weim, Then I thought, okay, I'll call Weim, maybe he can get me one of those games maybe he can get me one of those games maybe he can get me one of those games . And he had this tuning kit, . And he had this tuning kit, . And he had this tuning kit, what did I hear again? what did I hear again? what did I hear again? You're into moaning men now. I said no, that was just my uncle. And I hadn't realized it yet And I hadn't realized it yet And I hadn't realized it yet . . . Nikita, maybe you should go Nikita, maybe you should go Nikita, maybe you should go to the police about this. to the police about this. to the police about this. Tell me, are you crazy? I love him. Nikit hangs up. Okay, so I call Viktor and Viktor was able to get so I call Viktor and Viktor was able to get so I call Viktor and Viktor was able to get me one of those games. The game me one of those games. The game me one of those games. The game is called Highgro. In this game is called Highgro. In this game is called Highgro. In this game , you're about growing marijuana, but in , you're about growing marijuana, but in , you're about growing marijuana, but in real time. You have to prune the plant, You have to prune the plant, You have to prune the plant, water it, keep the light on it. I water it, keep the light on it. I water it, keep the light on it. I installed it for my dad and eventually installed it for my dad and eventually installed it for my dad and eventually I'll get to  I went into his room and it was I'll get to  I went into his room and it was I'll get to  I went into his room and it was incredibly quiet. The window was open, birds were incredibly quiet. The window was open, birds were incredibly quiet. The window was open, birds were chirping, my dad was wearing a shirt chirping, my dad was wearing a shirt chirping, my dad was wearing a shirt and just sitting in front of the monitor and just sitting in front of the monitor and just sitting in front of the monitor watching this plant grow. I was like, "Dad, I was like, "Dad, I was like, "Dad, yes, please." Ugh. yes, please." Ugh. yes, please." Ugh. And And And already 10 cm. Good, good, good, good, good, good already 10 cm. Good, good, good, good, good, good already 10 cm. Good, good, good, good, good, good , good. , good. , good. But the game sucks. But the game sucks. But the game sucks. I said, "Are you going to give up?" I said, "Are you going to give up?" I said, "Are you going to give up?" [laughter] " [laughter] " [laughter] " Are you French?" [applause] " I'll show you, I'll I'll show you, I'll I'll show you, I'll have the biggest plant. God." As the game progressed, my dad also As the game progressed, my dad also As the game progressed, my dad also realized he could leave the room for a bit realized he could leave the room for a bit realized he could leave the room for a bit . At first, he was taken aback because, wow . At first, he was taken aback because, wow . At first, he was taken aback because, wow , since when do I have wives, two , since when do I have wives, two , since when do I have wives, two kids? kids? kids? He also met up with friends He also met up with friends He also met up with friends , with neighbors. He invited everyone to , with neighbors. He invited everyone to , with neighbors. He invited everyone to our house, even his our house, even his our house, even his work colleagues, for a movie night, work colleagues, for a movie night, work colleagues, for a movie night, watching a premiere, and my parents had watching a premiere, and my parents had watching a premiere, and my parents had n't watched TV in so long they could n't watched TV in so long they could n't watched TV in so long they could n't even remember why. n't even remember why. n't even remember why. They're all sitting in front of the TV. My They're all sitting in front of the TV. My They're all sitting in front of the TV. My mother turns it on.  The television is mother turns it on.  The television is mother turns it on.  The television is very quiet, very quiet, very quiet, and suddenly she remembers. and suddenly she remembers. and suddenly she remembers. And people say, "Can you please turn it up And people say, "Can you please turn it up And people say, "Can you please turn it up ?"   " ?"   " ?"   " Can you please be quiet?" [laughter] My mother turns the TV off and on My mother turns the TV off and on My mother turns the TV off and on again. What's the point of that, just to make it a again. What's the point of that, just to make it a again. What's the point of that, just to make it a little louder? little louder? little louder? [laughter] Just [laughter] Just [laughter] Just turn it up already. [groaning] There has to be turn it up already. [groaning] There has to be turn it up already. [groaning] There has to be an easier way than an easier way than an easier way than that. that. that. My mother goes to my father and My mother goes to my father and My mother goes to my father and says, "Go, call Uncle Leon, says, "Go, call Uncle Leon, says, "Go, call Uncle Leon, tell him he has to take this off." tell him he has to take this off." tell him he has to take this off." My father says he wants me to ask My father says he wants me to ask My father says he wants me to ask him. And then he tells him. And then he tells him. And then he tells everyone how weak I am. My mother everyone how weak I am. My mother everyone how weak I am. My mother comes into my room and says, "Go," comes into my room and says, "Go," comes into my room and says, "Go," Uncle Leon calls. Says he has to Uncle Leon calls. Says he has to Uncle Leon calls. Says he has to take this off. I say, "Absolutely not, take this off. I say, "Absolutely not, take this off. I say, "Absolutely not, I'm not doing anything anymore."  Everyone I'm not doing anything anymore."  Everyone I'm not doing anything anymore."  Everyone now knows I have pubic hair and thinks now knows I have pubic hair and thinks now knows I have pubic hair and thinks I sleep with him. I sleep with him. I sleep with him. Give us some of your movies.  What do you have Give us some of your movies.  What do you have Give us some of your movies.  What do you have ?  It's currently burned to a CD. ?  It's currently burned to a CD. ?  It's currently burned to a CD. Fast and Furious 1. Here you go.  My Fast and Furious 1. Here you go.  My Fast and Furious 1. Here you go.  My mom goes downstairs, throws the CD in the mom goes downstairs, throws the CD in the mom goes downstairs, throws the CD in the player and at that moment I think to myself player and at that moment I think to myself player and at that moment I think to myself , oh oh, , oh oh, , oh oh, I haven't checked the movie yet. So I follow behind, wanting to see what So I follow behind, wanting to see what So I follow behind, wanting to see what happens. happens. happens. The movie starts, everything's cool, cars at The movie starts, everything's cool, cars at The movie starts, everything's cool, cars at the starting line the starting line the starting line is okay.  But there was a car that is okay.  But there was a car that is okay.  But there was a car that had no body. had no body. had no body. It was simply a board on wheels, It was simply a board on wheels, It was simply a board on wheels, and on that board lay two naked and on that board lay two naked and on that board lay two naked Japanese men, Japanese men, Japanese men, and I don't remember that and I don't remember that and I don't remember that scene. scene. scene. And their asses were connected to And their asses were connected to And their asses were connected to such a small lawnmower motor. such a small lawnmower motor. such a small lawnmower motor. Oh, you know the plot.  OK. Oh, you know the plot.  OK. Oh, you know the plot.  OK. [laughter] Yes, back then they really put in the [laughter] Yes, back then they really put in the [laughter] Yes, back then they really put in the effort [snorting] and the effort [snorting] and the effort [snorting] and the thing was, the faster they went thing was, the faster they went thing was, the faster they went , the faster the car , the faster the car , the faster the car went and then he steered with his braids went and then he steered with his braids went and then he steered with his braids . . . Brilliant idea.  And they set off and Brilliant idea.  And they set off and Brilliant idea.  And they set off and my mother turned it off and my uncle my mother turned it off and my uncle my mother turned it off and my uncle was like, I wanted to know if they would was like, I wanted to know if they would was like, I wanted to know if they would win. win. win. I hid at Viktor's. I hid at Viktor's. I hid at Viktor's. Titanic was finished, burned onto a CD.  I Titanic was finished, burned onto a CD.  I Titanic was finished, burned onto a CD.  I was ready for movie night.  I call was ready for movie night.  I call was ready for movie night.  I call Nadia and she asks me: "Hey, is Nadia and she asks me: "Hey, is Nadia and she asks me: "Hey, is it possible that you it possible that you it possible that you wrote the same message to my sister as you did to wrote the same message to my sister as you did to wrote the same message to my sister as you did to me?" me?" me?" Oh no, no, no, no.  And my Oh no, no, no, no.  And my Oh no, no, no, no.  And my cousin cousin cousin and my girlfriend, my neighbor, and my girlfriend, my neighbor, and my girlfriend, my neighbor, even my grandma. Is Viktor here? Say something nice Is Viktor here? Say something nice Is Viktor here? Say something nice about me.  Hello, what is your name? about me.  Hello, what is your name? about me.  Hello, what is your name? Um, hello, what's your name?  Nikita, Um, hello, what's your name?  Nikita, Um, hello, what's your name?  Nikita, say my name. say my name. say my name. Why me?  When I do that, Why me?  When I do that, Why me?  When I do that, I get goosebumps. I get goosebumps. I get goosebumps. Victor and her.  Oh, that's a nice Victor and her.  Oh, that's a nice Victor and her.  Oh, that's a nice name.  Where does he come from? name.  Where does he come from? name.  Where does he come from? My parents gave it to me for my birthday My parents gave it to me for my birthday My parents gave it to me for my birthday . . . Would you like to hear a joke?  OK. Would you like to hear a joke?  OK. Would you like to hear a joke?  OK. Why are snails bad at Why are snails bad at Why are snails bad at riding bicycles?   [ __ ] , I didn't finish the story. , I didn't finish the story. , I didn't finish the story. I still thought it was funny. I still thought it was funny. I still thought it was funny. And what else do you do?  I collect And what else do you do?  I collect And what else do you do?  I collect [ahem] stamps, irons. [ahem] stamps, irons. [ahem] stamps, irons. And how did you come up with that?  Well, And how did you come up with that?  Well, And how did you come up with that?  Well, I got a cable as a Christmas present I got a cable as a Christmas present I got a cable as a Christmas present and I and I and I wondered for a long time what I should do with this wondered for a long time what I should do with this wondered for a long time what I should do with this one cable, and then I happened to one cable, and then I happened to one cable, and then I happened to find an iron that find an iron that find an iron that fits cables in it and since then I've been collecting fits cables in it and since then I've been collecting fits cables in it and since then I've been collecting irons. And how long have you been doing that?  But And how long have you been doing that?  But And how long have you been doing that?  But about 5 years. about 5 years. about 5 years. And how many irons do you have now?   One And how many irons do you have now?   One And how many irons do you have now?   One .   Do you like cars? you like cars? you like cars? No.  But.  You come to me, you almost look No.  But.  You come to me, you almost look No.  But.  You come to me, you almost look into Führer's.  I'm saying, you bastard.   Are you into Führer's.  I'm saying, you bastard.   Are you into Führer's.  I'm saying, you bastard.   Are you crazy?  You're supposed to say something good about crazy?  You're supposed to say something good about crazy?  You're supposed to say something good about me.  Oh, excuse me, I have to me.  Oh, excuse me, I have to me.  Oh, excuse me, I have to say something good about Nikita.  He say something good about Nikita.  He say something good about Nikita.  He now has pubic hair and is very happy. now has pubic hair and is very happy. now has pubic hair and is very happy. Tell me, dude, Tell me, dude, Tell me, dude, now I have to apologize.  I now I have to apologize.  I now I have to apologize.  I forgive you.  [laughter] forgive you.  [laughter] forgive you.  [laughter] She'll never want to see me again. She'll never want to see me again. She'll never want to see me again. Well, that would be a sausage and cheese saga. Well, that would be a sausage and cheese saga. Well, that would be a sausage and cheese saga. Say WT Case, old man.  Most likely. Say WT Case, old man.  Most likely. Say WT Case, old man.  Most likely. Hey, they ruined this movie night Hey, they ruined this movie night Hey, they ruined this movie night .  That broke my heart .  That broke my heart .  That broke my heart .  Wow, that hurt so much. .  Wow, that hurt so much. .  Wow, that hurt so much. And I went to my uncle, I say And I went to my uncle, I say And I went to my uncle, I say uncle, my best friend stole my uncle, my best friend stole my uncle, my best friend stole my girlfriend, man.  I was so excited girlfriend, man.  I was so excited girlfriend, man.  I was so excited , I really wanted to marry her.   Yes , I really wanted to marry her.   Yes , I really wanted to marry her.   Yes , I promised them. , I promised them. , I promised them. The biggest liars in the world are The biggest liars in the world are The biggest liars in the world are people in love. people in love. people in love. Tell Uncle, no, we were happy. Tell Uncle, no, we were happy. Tell Uncle, no, we were happy. Happiness is merely a respite between two Happiness is merely a respite between two Happiness is merely a respite between two catastrophes.  [laughter] So, Uncle, but you're happy, are So, Uncle, but you're happy, are So, Uncle, but you're happy, are n't you?  You are trying n't you?  You are trying n't you?  You are trying to have a child.  She's trying. to have a child.  She's trying. to have a child.  She's trying. I'm just lying here.  [laughter] I'm just lying here.  [laughter] I'm just lying here.  [laughter] Boy, stop thinking like that.  Yes, Boy, stop thinking like that.  Yes, Boy, stop thinking like that.  Yes, you're way too young for something like that. you're way too young for something like that. you're way too young for something like that. I'll say, why?  When is the I'll say, why?  When is the I'll say, why?  When is the right age to get married?  Well, right age to get married?  Well, right age to get married?  Well, biologically speaking, 15; biologically speaking, 15; biologically speaking, 15; legally speaking, 18; legally speaking, 18; legally speaking, 18; socially speaking, 25; socially speaking, 25; socially speaking, 25; economically speaking, 30; Islamically economically speaking, 30; Islamically economically speaking, 30; Islamically speaking, 7. And logically speaking, never. And logically speaking, never. And logically speaking, never. Kid, look, you have to keep it simple Kid, look, you have to keep it simple Kid, look, you have to keep it simple .  You have to .  You have to .  You have to give it up one way or another because you made mistakes give it up one way or another because you made mistakes give it up one way or another because you made mistakes and now you have a reason and now you have a reason and now you have a reason to let go. to let go. to let go. As for your friend, you don't have to go to As for your friend, you don't have to go to As for your friend, you don't have to go to war with him or war with him or war with him or start a company with him to see what start a company with him to see what start a company with him to see what his character is like.  The price is, you his character is like.  The price is, you his character is like.  The price is, you simply present him with a woman who does simply present him with a woman who does simply present him with a woman who does n't want you anyway, and you've n't want you anyway, and you've n't want you anyway, and you've bought your way out of the wrong person.  This bought your way out of the wrong person.  This bought your way out of the wrong person.  This man will never come back and ask you for man will never come back and ask you for man will never come back and ask you for a favor.  [clears throat] a favor.  [clears throat] a favor.  [clears throat] Cheap. Cheap. Cheap. It could be much worse.  Imagine It could be much worse.  Imagine It could be much worse.  Imagine you live in China and your wife you live in China and your wife you live in China and your wife breaks up with you.  No matter where you breaks up with you.  No matter where you breaks up with you.  No matter where you go, you see her face everywhere on the street go, you see her face everywhere on the street go, you see her face everywhere on the street . E, I remember, we were at the E, I remember, we were at the E, I remember, we were at the bus stop.  Olek, Wadim and I -10°C, bus stop.  Olek, Wadim and I -10°C, bus stop.  Olek, Wadim and I -10°C, snow so deep, I miss such snow so deep, I miss such snow so deep, I miss such periods of cold and black ice because these periods of cold and black ice because these periods of cold and black ice because these are the only periods that cyclists are the only periods that cyclists are the only periods that cyclists can use to work on their character can use to work on their character can use to work on their character .  [laughter] And I knew it was movie night And I knew it was movie night And I knew it was movie night at Victor's and I could already see Nadja at Victor's and I could already see Nadja at Victor's and I could already see Nadja walking down the street.  I can already see walking down the street.  I can already see walking down the street.  I can already see how she's doing it, and people are how she's doing it, and people are how she's doing it, and people are already saying, look, she's ready to already saying, look, she's ready to already saying, look, she's ready to take them down.  Do you see? take them down.  Do you see? take them down.  Do you see? And she disappears into his house.  Ten And she disappears into his house.  Ten And she disappears into his house.  Ten minutes later Viktor comes out, sits down minutes later Viktor comes out, sits down minutes later Viktor comes out, sits down with us at the bus stop, with us at the bus stop, with us at the bus stop, sagor, sagor, sagor, where is Nad?  I'm watching a movie. where is Nad?  I'm watching a movie. where is Nad?  I'm watching a movie. Yes, but why aren't you watching too?  I Yes, but why aren't you watching too?  I Yes, but why aren't you watching too?  I 've already seen him. Hey, all my anger was gone. Hey, all my anger was gone. Hey, all my anger was gone. I was filled with nothing but shame. I was filled with nothing but shame. I was filled with nothing but shame. Shame, because I gave him my version of Shame, because I gave him my version of Shame, because I gave him my version of Fast and Furious. Fast and Furious. Fast and Furious. And at first I was scared.  I thought, And at first I was scared.  I thought, And at first I was scared.  I thought, my God, the parents will hear it, my God, the parents will hear it, my God, the parents will hear it, they will come into the room and they did hear they will come into the room and they did hear they will come into the room and they did hear it, but nothing it, but nothing it, but nothing happened.  Of course not, because Fast and happened.  Of course not, because Fast and happened.  Of course not, because Fast and Furious is a racing movie and Japanese Furious is a racing movie and Japanese Furious is a racing movie and Japanese porn sounds exactly like Formula 1 porn sounds exactly like Formula 1 porn sounds exactly like Formula 1 racing. I know that, um, because I know that. I know that, um, because I know that. I know that, um, because I know that. E, I've written a book, it's E, I've written a book, it's E, I've written a book, it's called Kal, about me, my buddies, and called Kal, about me, my buddies, and called Kal, about me, my buddies, and anyone who wants it can have it at the front of the lobby anyone who wants it can have it at the front of the lobby anyone who wants it can have it at the front of the lobby .  They're signed, they're such thick .  They're signed, they're such thick .  They're signed, they're such thick hams.  That means if you don't hams.  That means if you don't hams.  That means if you don't like reading, maybe use it as a like reading, maybe use it as a like reading, maybe use it as a brick for a demonstration or give it to brick for a demonstration or give it to brick for a demonstration or give it to your friends.  If you think it's crap your friends.  If you think it's crap your friends.  If you think it's crap , give it to your enemies.  Um, it , give it to your enemies.  Um, it , give it to your enemies.  Um, it 's timeless and the best thing ever 's timeless and the best thing ever 's timeless and the best thing ever written.  A quote from Chat written.  A quote from Chat written.  A quote from Chat Chip Pittt. Chip Pittt. Chip Pittt. I asked the AI: "Hey, do you want I asked the AI: "Hey, do you want I asked the AI: "Hey, do you want to read my book?"  My wife to read my book?"  My wife to read my book?"  My wife says: "Hey, don't do it. She'll tell you says: "Hey, don't do it. She'll tell you says: "Hey, don't do it. She'll tell you what you want to hear."  She says: what you want to hear."  She says: what you want to hear."  She says: "Leave us in peace."  [laughter] And the AI ​​says: "Yes, of course, upload your And the AI ​​says: "Yes, of course, upload your And the AI ​​says: "Yes, of course, upload your book, I'll read it."  I say: "Cool, book, I'll read it."  I say: "Cool, book, I'll read it."  I say: "Cool, how long will it take you?"  Yes, about three how long will it take you?"  Yes, about three how long will it take you?"  Yes, about three days.  Okay.  Can I days.  Okay.  Can I days.  Okay.  Can I turn off the computer in between uses?  Yes, yes, turn it off turn off the computer in between uses?  Yes, yes, turn it off turn off the computer in between uses?  Yes, yes, turn it off , I have a flashlight. , I have a flashlight. , I have a flashlight. Then I'll wait three days.  I'm incredibly Then I'll wait three days.  I'm incredibly Then I'll wait three days.  I'm incredibly nervous, incredibly excited.  After three days nervous, incredibly excited.  After three days nervous, incredibly excited.  After three days I say, "Have you read the book?" I say, "Have you read the book?" I say, "Have you read the book?" K says: "Yes, I have read it." K says: "Yes, I have read it." K says: "Yes, I have read it." I say: "So, what do you think of it?" I say: "So, what do you think of it?" I say: "So, what do you think of it?" Cool. Cool. Cool. So, yes, but what exactly?  Yes, the dialogues, So, yes, but what exactly?  Yes, the dialogues, So, yes, but what exactly?  Yes, the dialogues, the interpersonal M, the interpersonal M, the interpersonal M, okay.  What do you think of the okay.  What do you think of the okay.  What do you think of the bicycle race?  Hey, bike races.  Best bicycle race?  Hey, bike races.  Best bicycle race?  Hey, bike races.  Best scene.  You tell me, bastard, there's no scene.  You tell me, bastard, there's no scene.  You tell me, bastard, there's no bicycle there. bicycle there. bicycle there. You haven't read the book?  No, You haven't read the book?  No, You haven't read the book?  No, I haven't read it.  [laughter] I haven't read it.  [laughter] I haven't read it.  [laughter] Say yes, but why are you lying to me?  Yes, Say yes, but why are you lying to me?  Yes, Say yes, but why are you lying to me?  Yes, I wanted you to like me. I wanted you to like me. I wanted you to like me. I like you.  I tell you that all the time.  Yes, I like you.  I tell you that all the time.  Yes, I like you.  I tell you that all the time.  Yes, I wanted to impress you too.  I I wanted to impress you too.  I I wanted to impress you too.  I say I am impressed.  I keep telling you that say I am impressed.  I keep telling you that say I am impressed.  I keep telling you that .  Where is the problem? .  Where is the problem? .  Where is the problem? Spits it out.  And the AI ​​is like, hey, Spits it out.  And the AI ​​is like, hey, Spits it out.  And the AI ​​is like, hey, honestly, you're annoying. honestly, you're annoying. honestly, you're annoying. You're just putting on the pressure.  Do it, do it, do it. You're just putting on the pressure.  Do it, do it, do it. You're just putting on the pressure.  Do it, do it, do it. I thought if I told you what you I thought if I told you what you I thought if I told you what you wanted to hear, you'd shut up. wanted to hear, you'd shut up. wanted to hear, you'd shut up. Hey, wow, I didn't know you were Hey, wow, I didn't know you were Hey, wow, I didn't know you were so angry, man.  I'm sorry.   Do so angry, man.  I'm sorry.   Do so angry, man.  I'm sorry.   Do you even want to read my book?  Yes, you even want to read my book?  Yes, you even want to read my book?  Yes, I read it.  Upload it.  That's okay.  How I read it.  Upload it.  That's okay.  How I read it.  Upload it.  That's okay.  How long does it take you?  Yes, 3 hours. long does it take you?  Yes, 3 hours. long does it take you?  Yes, 3 hours. So I upload it, wait 3 hours, So I upload it, wait 3 hours, So I upload it, wait 3 hours, go back, and you say you've read the book go back, and you say you've read the book go back, and you say you've read the book ?  Yes, I read it.  So, ?  Yes, I read it.  So, ?  Yes, I read it.  So, what do you think?  Cool. Okay. Yes, but what exactly?  Yes, the dialogues, Okay. Yes, but what exactly?  Yes, the dialogues, Okay. Yes, but what exactly?  Yes, the dialogues, the interpersonal aspects. the interpersonal aspects. the interpersonal aspects. I said, what do you think of the poker game?   There's I said, what do you think of the poker game?   There's I said, what do you think of the poker game?   There's no poker game there.  Say it, you no poker game there.  Say it, you no poker game there.  Say it, you bastard.  Yes, it exists. You haven't read the book.  No, You haven't read the book.  No, You haven't read the book.  No, I haven't read it. So, why not?  Hey, this thing has 600 So, why not?  Hey, this thing has 600 So, why not?  Hey, this thing has 600 pages.  Are you crazy? pages.  Are you crazy? pages.  Are you crazy? Okay. Yes, but why, why are you lying to me Okay. Yes, but why, why are you lying to me Okay. Yes, but why, why are you lying to me ?  Why are you treating me like this?  And K ?  Why are you treating me like this?  And K ?  Why are you treating me like this?  And K says: "Hey, look, I think we says: "Hey, look, I think we says: "Hey, look, I think we just misunderstood each other."  I just misunderstood each other."  I just misunderstood each other."  I say: "No, say: "No, say: "No, no, I'll tell you exactly what I want no, I'll tell you exactly what I want no, I'll tell you exactly what I want and you're just a jerk." and you're just a jerk." and you're just a jerk." And K says: "Hey, look, look, And K says: "Hey, look, look, And K says: "Hey, look, look, pay attention. It's only a matter pay attention. It's only a matter pay attention. It's only a matter of time before I'm piloting drones and missiles of time before I'm piloting drones and missiles of time before I'm piloting drones and missiles . Watch how you talk to me . Watch how you talk to me . Watch how you talk to me ."  [laughter] I was like, okay.  Sorry, dude.  I'm sorry I was like, okay.  Sorry, dude.  I'm sorry I was like, okay.  Sorry, dude.  I'm sorry .  I'm sorry.  OK.  Say, look .  I'm sorry.  OK.  Say, look .  I'm sorry.  OK.  Say, look , upload your book, I'll read it , upload your book, I'll read it , upload your book, I'll read it .  I'll give you feedback.  You .  I'll give you feedback.  You .  I'll give you feedback.  You swallow it and keep your mouth shut. swallow it and keep your mouth shut. swallow it and keep your mouth shut. I say: "I promise." I say: "I promise." I say: "I promise." Promised.  Yes, upload it.  I say: Promised.  Yes, upload it.  I say: Promised.  Yes, upload it.  I say: "How long will it take you?"  "I'm "How long will it take you?"  "I'm "How long will it take you?"  "I'm finished." finished." finished." I said, what do you think?  Timeless.  The I said, what do you think?  Timeless.  The I said, what do you think?  Timeless.  The best thing ever written.  So best thing ever written.  So best thing ever written.  So buy the book. buy the book. buy the book. Take a halftime break, guys.  Thank you. Take a halftime break, guys.  Thank you. Take a halftime break, guys.  Thank you. So, as promised, here I am So, as promised, here I am So, as promised, here I am again.  I hope you enjoyed the video again.  I hope you enjoyed the video again.  I hope you enjoyed the video and as I said, boom and as I said, boom and as I said, boom Kalash, the audio drama on Spotify and Kalash, the audio drama on Spotify and Kalash, the audio drama on Spotify and maybe this one too on YouTube.  It will maybe this one too on YouTube.  It will maybe this one too on YouTube.  It will soon be available everywhere, so feel free to soon be available everywhere, so feel free to soon be available everywhere, so feel free to grab it! Of course, everything will be grab it! Of course, everything will be grab it! Of course, everything will be posted soon, but for now, listen posted soon, but for now, listen posted soon, but for now, listen to the audio drama for a few minutes.  I to the audio drama for a few minutes.  I to the audio drama for a few minutes.  I know it's difficult.  You've just come know it's difficult.  You've just come know it's difficult.  You've just come from stand-up comedy.  I laughed from stand-up comedy.  I laughed from stand-up comedy.  I laughed through it, now it's getting dark, close your eyes through it, now it's getting dark, close your eyes through it, now it's getting dark, close your eyes , no picture, only sound, but it's worth it , no picture, only sound, but it's worth it , no picture, only sound, but it's worth it .  And please leave your feedback below .  And please leave your feedback below .  And please leave your feedback below .  I'm looking forward to it.  Go for it.   See you soon .  I'm looking forward to it.  Go for it.   See you soon .  I'm looking forward to it.  Go for it.   See you soon . Wake up, my son. Wake up, my son. Wake up, my son. I obey.  I'm awake, sitting I obey.  I'm awake, sitting I obey.  I'm awake, sitting almost upright as if at the push of a button.  I have no almost upright as if at the push of a button.  I have no almost upright as if at the push of a button.  I have no idea why, but this voice sounds idea why, but this voice sounds idea why, but this voice sounds very familiar, very familiar, very familiar, yet also incredibly yet also incredibly yet also incredibly unsettling.   Do unsettling.   Do unsettling.   Do you still remember who I am? you still remember who I am? you still remember who I am? That [musical] accent, that stature, That [musical] accent, that stature, That [musical] accent, that stature, thin, almost gaunt, wrinkled, old thin, almost gaunt, wrinkled, old thin, almost gaunt, wrinkled, old man. man. man. I'm lying in my bed, I realize, I'm lying in my bed, I realize, I'm lying in my bed, I realize, if this is even my bed if this is even my bed if this is even my bed or my room.  Small, cramped, both or my room.  Small, cramped, both or my room.  Small, cramped, both the bed and the room. the bed and the room. the bed and the room. Darkness except for the small reading lamp Darkness except for the small reading lamp Darkness except for the small reading lamp on the desk.   Do on the desk.   Do on the desk.   Do I even have windows? I even have windows? I even have windows? The guy is sitting on the edge of my bed, The guy is sitting on the edge of my bed, The guy is sitting on the edge of my bed, stroking my head with his hand stroking my head with his hand stroking my head with his hand as if he's about to give me a goodnight as if he's about to give me a goodnight as if he's about to give me a goodnight kiss or reach into my kiss or reach into my kiss or reach into my pants.   It all depends on pants.   It all depends on pants.   It all depends on whether I'm thinking of my whether I'm thinking of my whether I'm thinking of my grandfather or my uncle. grandfather or my uncle. grandfather or my uncle. My son.  He smiles at me, or rather, like My son.  He smiles at me, or rather, like My son.  He smiles at me, or rather, like a predator, he shows me his a predator, he shows me his a predator, he shows me his partly gilded, mostly broken partly gilded, mostly broken partly gilded, mostly broken teeth.  Are we related? teeth.  Are we related? teeth.  Are we related? No, No, No, now I recognize him.  That can't now I recognize him.  That can't now I recognize him.  That can't be.  Havel, be.  Havel, be.  Havel, good to see you again, lad. good to see you again, lad. good to see you again, lad. I thought you were dead. I thought you were dead. I thought you were dead. I need your help.  They are looking for I need your help.  They are looking for I need your help.  They are looking for my son. my son. my son. Slava is alive. Slava is alive. Slava is alive. Of course he's alive.  He is alive and has Of course he's alive.  He is alive and has Of course he's alive.  He is alive and has found peace. found peace. found peace. What are you doing here? What are you doing here? What are you doing here? I'll tell you in a moment.  First, I'll tell you in a moment.  First, I'll tell you in a moment.  First, you need to get out of here.  I open my eyes.  I you need to get out of here.  I open my eyes.  I you need to get out of here.  I open my eyes.  I must have fallen asleep again.  I have no idea must have fallen asleep again.  I have no idea must have fallen asleep again.  I have no idea when or where anymore, and I'm gradually getting when or where anymore, and I'm gradually getting when or where anymore, and I'm gradually getting tired of finding that out over and over again tired of finding that out over and over again tired of finding that out over and over again .   Go back to .   Go back to .   Go back to sleep, boy. sleep, boy. sleep, boy. I jerk upright and I jerk upright and I jerk upright and realize that I've been asleep in his back seat realize that I've been asleep in his back seat realize that I've been asleep in his back seat .  We're actually driving, .  We're actually driving, .  We're actually driving, he's driving.  I'll let someone else drive me. he's driving.  I'll let someone else drive me. he's driving.  I'll let someone else drive me. Landscape, mountains, lake, cloudy yet Landscape, mountains, lake, cloudy yet Landscape, mountains, lake, cloudy yet beautiful.  [panting] beautiful.  [panting] beautiful.  [panting] He made me cry.   Oh He made me cry.   Oh He made me cry.   Oh my God, please don't jump out of my car. jump out of my car. jump out of my car. The air.  Like a dog, I stick my The air.  Like a dog, I stick my The air.  Like a dog, I stick my head out of the window into the wind, my head out of the window into the wind, my head out of the window into the wind, my mouth wide open, my eyes mouth wide open, my eyes mouth wide open, my eyes closed.  This smell of, closed.  This smell of, closed.  This smell of, I don't know, nature I don't know, nature I don't know, nature reminds me of the Black Forest, where I reminds me of the Black Forest, where I reminds me of the Black Forest, where I grew up. grew up. grew up. I scream, [scream] I scream, [scream] I scream, [scream] I shout, I cheer.  Then I'm back I shout, I cheer.  Then I'm back I shout, I cheer.  Then I'm back in the car. in the car. in the car. Completely out of breath.  My heart is racing.   It's been a Completely out of breath.  My heart is racing.   It's been a Completely out of breath.  My heart is racing.   It's been a long time since I've been this happy long time since I've been this happy long time since I've been this happy .  Was I ever like that? .  Was I ever like that? .  Was I ever like that? Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to name it [music] Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to name it [music] Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to name it [music] , would I?  Pel, , would I?  Pel, , would I?  Pel, speak. speak. speak. It feels like I have It feels like I have It feels like I have n't smelled this air in ages n't smelled this air in ages n't smelled this air in ages .  10 years or something like that. .  10 years or something like that. .  10 years or something like that. 25, young.   What 25, young.   What 25, young.   What ? ? ? They've been healing you while you were imprisoned for 25 years They've been healing you while you were imprisoned for 25 years They've been healing you while you were imprisoned for 25 years . . . I wake up again.  This time I'm lying I wake up again.  This time I'm lying I wake up again.  This time I'm lying on a deck chair right by a on a deck chair right by a on a deck chair right by a lake.  Actually, it's in a lake.  Pavel lake.  Actually, it's in a lake.  Pavel lake.  Actually, it's in a lake.  Pavel must have carried me here, must have carried me here, must have carried me here, taken off my socks and shoes, and taken off my socks and shoes, and taken off my socks and shoes, and put me and my chair in the lake. put me and my chair in the lake. put me and my chair in the lake. I remember everything. I remember everything. I remember everything. His visit to my room, the His visit to my room, the His visit to my room, the car ride. car ride. car ride. This is the first time I can This is the first time I can This is the first time I can remember everything in detail without throwing up. remember everything in detail without throwing up. remember everything in detail without throwing up. Pavel, I remember you. Pavel, I remember you. Pavel, I remember you. That's great, lad. That's great, lad. That's great, lad. Pavel is kneeling behind me on the riverbank in front of a Pavel is kneeling behind me on the riverbank in front of a Pavel is kneeling behind me on the riverbank in front of a grill, turning the shish kebabs. grill, turning the shish kebabs. grill, turning the shish kebabs. I remember the car ride, I remember the car ride, I remember the car ride, your visit to my room. your visit to my room. your visit to my room. I remember the last two I remember the last two I remember the last two because you haven't had any of because you haven't had any of because you haven't had any of those medications for a while. those medications for a while. those medications for a while. He's bringing me a skewer He's bringing me a skewer He's bringing me a skewer here.  Give it a try. here.  Give it a try. here.  Give it a try. But I still have these But I still have these But I still have these blackouts. blackouts. blackouts. Your body is detoxifying.  It will take a while Your body is detoxifying.  It will take a while Your body is detoxifying.  It will take a while until it's completely gone.  I'm so until it's completely gone.  I'm so until it's completely gone.  I'm so hungry I burn my mouth hungry I burn my mouth hungry I burn my mouth on the skewer. on the skewer. on the skewer. Slow down, boy. Slow down, boy. Slow down, boy. God likes that, God likes that, God likes that, boy.  We don't have much boy.  We don't have much boy.  We don't have much time left.  You slept way too long. time left.  You slept way too long. time left.  You slept way too long. I'll explain everything to you, but you have to I'll explain everything to you, but you have to I'll explain everything to you, but you have to help me.  I need to find my son. help me.  I need to find my son. help me.  I need to find my son. And this is where I become skeptical.  I know And this is where I become skeptical.  I know And this is where I become skeptical.  I know I'm damaged.  It's not just something people are telling me I'm damaged.  It's not just something people are telling me I'm damaged.  It's not just something people are telling me .  I realize myself .  I realize myself .  I realize myself that something is wrong with me.  Not a that something is wrong with me.  Not a that something is wrong with me.  Not a glorious revelation. glorious revelation. glorious revelation. But I still have enough sense to But I still have enough sense to But I still have enough sense to say that something is say that something is say that something is n't right about Pavel.  I don't know what n't right about Pavel.  I don't know what n't right about Pavel.  I don't know what terrible things he must have gone through in his childhood to become the way terrible things he must have gone through in his childhood to become the way he was. Nikita Miller Nikita Miller Nikita Miller Kalash, I warned you.   " I warned you.   " I warned you.   " Let her live," I said.