You don't know [music] that the way I'm [singing] call back on that the way I'm [singing] call back on that the way I'm [singing] call back on people again. [music] >> Hi babies. Welcome back or welcome to my >> Hi babies. Welcome back or welcome to my >> Hi babies. Welcome back or welcome to my channel. It's your girl Maya back at it channel. It's your girl Maya back at it channel. It's your girl Maya back at it again with another bomass YouTube video. again with another bomass YouTube video. again with another bomass YouTube video. Today it is Thursday, July 30th. It's Today it is Thursday, July 30th. It's Today it is Thursday, July 30th. It's currently 7:34 currently 7:34 currently 7:34 p.m. And as you guys can tell by the p.m. And as you guys can tell by the p.m. And as you guys can tell by the title, we are doing a little getting title, we are doing a little getting title, we are doing a little getting back into a routine reset type of video. back into a routine reset type of video. back into a routine reset type of video. Perfect timing because it's about to be Perfect timing because it's about to be Perfect timing because it's about to be a new month. We are about to enter the a new month. We are about to enter the a new month. We are about to enter the month of August. By the time you guys month of August. By the time you guys month of August. By the time you guys see this, it will already be August. So, see this, it will already be August. So, see this, it will already be August. So, happy August to everybody. I just got happy August to everybody. I just got happy August to everybody. I just got back from vacation if you guys seen my back from vacation if you guys seen my back from vacation if you guys seen my last vlog. But now it's time to get back last vlog. But now it's time to get back last vlog. But now it's time to get back into routine because my body needs it, into routine because my body needs it, into routine because my body needs it, my mind needs it, I need it. So, my mind needs it, I need it. So, my mind needs it, I need it. So, starting off with doing a little package starting off with doing a little package starting off with doing a little package unboxing. You guys have been loving when unboxing. You guys have been loving when unboxing. You guys have been loving when I do these. This is the packages that I I do these. This is the packages that I I do these. This is the packages that I came back to um from vacation. So, we're came back to um from vacation. So, we're came back to um from vacation. So, we're going to unbox them together. First going to unbox them together. First going to unbox them together. First being this cute capri set from the Tik being this cute capri set from the Tik being this cute capri set from the Tik Tok shop. I got it in this cute purple Tok shop. I got it in this cute purple Tok shop. I got it in this cute purple color. I love the color purple. The color. I love the color purple. The color. I love the color purple. The little arms are also like capri arms. little arms are also like capri arms. little arms are also like capri arms. It's like mid long sleeve, which I love. It's like mid long sleeve, which I love. It's like mid long sleeve, which I love. And then you got the bottoms which are And then you got the bottoms which are And then you got the bottoms which are capri bottoms and it's so cute. You guys capri bottoms and it's so cute. You guys capri bottoms and it's so cute. You guys know I've been loving my capri. I know I've been loving my capri. I know I've been loving my capri. I actually got capri on right now. They actually got capri on right now. They actually got capri on right now. They have different colors of that set. I have different colors of that set. I have different colors of that set. I just decided to get in purple because I just decided to get in purple because I just decided to get in purple because I love that way that looks especially like love that way that looks especially like love that way that looks especially like in the fall. I don't know. I just feel in the fall. I don't know. I just feel in the fall. I don't know. I just feel like that type of purple goes perfect in like that type of purple goes perfect in like that type of purple goes perfect in the fall and we literally about to be the fall and we literally about to be the fall and we literally about to be we're around the corner from fall. The we're around the corner from fall. The we're around the corner from fall. The next thing that I got is actually a next thing that I got is actually a next thing that I got is actually a synthetic wig. This is a headband wig. synthetic wig. This is a headband wig. synthetic wig. This is a headband wig. And I just got it because this is the And I just got it because this is the And I just got it because this is the type of like wigs that I need when my type of like wigs that I need when my type of like wigs that I need when my hair is not done. Like right now, I just hair is not done. Like right now, I just hair is not done. Like right now, I just have this bun. When y'all see me with have this bun. When y'all see me with have this bun. When y'all see me with this bun, just know that it's because my this bun, just know that it's because my this bun, just know that it's because my hair is dirty. I got to wash it and I hair is dirty. I got to wash it and I hair is dirty. I got to wash it and I have nothing else to do. But this is a have nothing else to do. But this is a have nothing else to do. But this is a cute little synthetic headband wig. I've cute little synthetic headband wig. I've cute little synthetic headband wig. I've been seeing a lot of people like promote been seeing a lot of people like promote been seeing a lot of people like promote this on Tik Tok. And the hair honestly this on Tik Tok. And the hair honestly this on Tik Tok. And the hair honestly is not as like bad as you think. I mean, is not as like bad as you think. I mean, is not as like bad as you think. I mean, I feel like it looks synthetic cuz it's I feel like it looks synthetic cuz it's I feel like it looks synthetic cuz it's super shiny. It doesn't feel as super shiny. It doesn't feel as super shiny. It doesn't feel as synthetic as I thought it was, but this synthetic as I thought it was, but this synthetic as I thought it was, but this is just for like a quick little like I'm is just for like a quick little like I'm is just for like a quick little like I'm about to go some errands and I don't got about to go some errands and I don't got about to go some errands and I don't got my hair done type of style. Like, you my hair done type of style. Like, you my hair done type of style. Like, you know, you always just need you a little know, you always just need you a little know, you always just need you a little quick little wig that you could just quick little wig that you could just quick little wig that you could just grab and hold on. And I cried all the grab and hold on. And I cried all the grab and hold on. And I cried all the tears, I could cry. If happiness is just tears, I could cry. If happiness is just tears, I could cry. If happiness is just an illusion. The next thing that I got an illusion. The next thing that I got an illusion. The next thing that I got is sticky bra. This is what it looks is sticky bra. This is what it looks is sticky bra. This is what it looks like. Literally just like this. You like. Literally just like this. You like. Literally just like this. You attach it on, right? You attach it on attach it on, right? You attach it on attach it on, right? You attach it on the sides and then you clamp it on. So, the sides and then you clamp it on. So, the sides and then you clamp it on. So, you know, like Yeah. Y know. Y know. It you know, like Yeah. Y know. Y know. It you know, like Yeah. Y know. Y know. It also do bring this palette. So, you also do bring this palette. So, you also do bring this palette. So, you could change out the stickiness. So, could change out the stickiness. So, could change out the stickiness. So, after you've been using it for a while, after you've been using it for a while, after you've been using it for a while, if you feel like it's starting not to if you feel like it's starting not to if you feel like it's starting not to stick anymore, you could just take the stick anymore, you could just take the stick anymore, you could just take the stickiness out and then it does bring stickiness out and then it does bring stickiness out and then it does bring another one that you could put on. So, another one that you could put on. So, another one that you could put on. So, you'll put it right here and lay it out. you'll put it right here and lay it out. you'll put it right here and lay it out. Like, they make it real easy for you to Like, they make it real easy for you to Like, they make it real easy for you to change it out. So, when I mention to you change it out. So, when I mention to you change it out. So, when I mention to you guys that something is from the Tik Tok guys that something is from the Tik Tok guys that something is from the Tik Tok shop, y'all can check out my Tik Tok shop, y'all can check out my Tik Tok shop, y'all can check out my Tik Tok shop page. Usually, I'll have a video shop page. Usually, I'll have a video shop page. Usually, I'll have a video with the product link. So, if you guys with the product link. So, if you guys with the product link. So, if you guys are interested in any of the things that are interested in any of the things that are interested in any of the things that I just showed you guys, y'all can head I just showed you guys, y'all can head I just showed you guys, y'all can head over there. But the next two items that over there. But the next two items that over there. But the next two items that we have, I'm actually excited to show we have, I'm actually excited to show we have, I'm actually excited to show you guys because it is from Wayfair and you guys because it is from Wayfair and you guys because it is from Wayfair and they are also sponsoring today's video. they are also sponsoring today's video. they are also sponsoring today's video. So, thank you to Wayfair for sponsoring So, thank you to Wayfair for sponsoring So, thank you to Wayfair for sponsoring this portion of today's video. And let this portion of today's video. And let this portion of today's video. And let me show you guys the goodies that I me show you guys the goodies that I me show you guys the goodies that I picked up. A lot of the furniture that I picked up. A lot of the furniture that I picked up. A lot of the furniture that I have in my apartment is actually from have in my apartment is actually from have in my apartment is actually from Wayfair. But today, we're going to focus Wayfair. But today, we're going to focus Wayfair. But today, we're going to focus on the new items that I picked out. on the new items that I picked out. on the new items that I picked out. Starting off with this gorgeous bowl set Starting off with this gorgeous bowl set Starting off with this gorgeous bowl set of four. They do have different color of four. They do have different color of four. They do have different color options for you to choose from, but I options for you to choose from, but I options for you to choose from, but I decided to go with this gorgeous color decided to go with this gorgeous color decided to go with this gorgeous color because I feel like it already goes with because I feel like it already goes with because I feel like it already goes with the place that I have. and it also goes the place that I have. and it also goes the place that I have. and it also goes with the vibe that I created in my with the vibe that I created in my with the vibe that I created in my kitchen. I love how deep the bowls are. kitchen. I love how deep the bowls are. kitchen. I love how deep the bowls are. You could literally eat everything and You could literally eat everything and You could literally eat everything and anything from these bowls. They're super anything from these bowls. They're super anything from these bowls. They're super functional, which is exactly what I was functional, which is exactly what I was functional, which is exactly what I was looking for. The next thing that I looking for. The next thing that I looking for. The next thing that I picked up is this cute like basket tray. picked up is this cute like basket tray. picked up is this cute like basket tray. And we all know that fall is around the And we all know that fall is around the And we all know that fall is around the corner. So, the vision that I have for corner. So, the vision that I have for corner. So, the vision that I have for this is to create a gorgeous centerpiece this is to create a gorgeous centerpiece this is to create a gorgeous centerpiece for my island table with different fall for my island table with different fall for my island table with different fall decor to bring in that fall cozy vibe. decor to bring in that fall cozy vibe. decor to bring in that fall cozy vibe. Not only can you use this for decor in Not only can you use this for decor in Not only can you use this for decor in your house, but you could also use this your house, but you could also use this your house, but you could also use this as a little picnic basket. If you're as a little picnic basket. If you're as a little picnic basket. If you're going out to have a little nice date, going out to have a little nice date, going out to have a little nice date, you could put all your food on here to you could put all your food on here to you could put all your food on here to make it very cute and aesthetic, which make it very cute and aesthetic, which make it very cute and aesthetic, which is something that I will be doing very is something that I will be doing very is something that I will be doing very soon. As you guys know, Wafer has a lot soon. As you guys know, Wafer has a lot soon. As you guys know, Wafer has a lot of different options that you could of different options that you could of different options that you could choose from. Whether you're decorating choose from. Whether you're decorating choose from. Whether you're decorating your kitchen, your bedroom, your your kitchen, your bedroom, your your kitchen, your bedroom, your bathroom, your living room, dining bathroom, your living room, dining bathroom, your living room, dining table, dining area, and everything table, dining area, and everything table, dining area, and everything above, they have exactly what you need above, they have exactly what you need above, they have exactly what you need with affordable prices and great with affordable prices and great with affordable prices and great quality. You guys can get to the quality. You guys can get to the quality. You guys can get to the official Wavefare website by scanning official Wavefare website by scanning official Wavefare website by scanning this QR code that's in the screen and this QR code that's in the screen and this QR code that's in the screen and also clicking the link that's in the also clicking the link that's in the also clicking the link that's in the description box down below. Whether description box down below. Whether description box down below. Whether you're refreshing a room, tackling a you're refreshing a room, tackling a you're refreshing a room, tackling a home project, or just simply looking for home project, or just simply looking for home project, or just simply looking for pieces that fit your style, Wfair has so pieces that fit your style, Wfair has so pieces that fit your style, Wfair has so many great finds for every space and many great finds for every space and many great finds for every space and budget. And thank you to Wayfair for budget. And thank you to Wayfair for budget. And thank you to Wayfair for sponsoring this portion of today's sponsoring this portion of today's sponsoring this portion of today's video. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. >> [music] >> Heat. Heat. [music] >> [music] >> Today is Saturday, August 1st, the first >> Today is Saturday, August 1st, the first >> Today is Saturday, August 1st, the first of the month. I just finished doing my of the month. I just finished doing my of the month. I just finished doing my calendar with my sponsorships and my calendar with my sponsorships and my calendar with my sponsorships and my plans for this month. Like I tell you plans for this month. Like I tell you plans for this month. Like I tell you guys all the time, if there's one thing guys all the time, if there's one thing guys all the time, if there's one thing that you guys are going to take from my that you guys are going to take from my that you guys are going to take from my video, get yourself a dry eraser video, get yourself a dry eraser video, get yourself a dry eraser calendar and write everything that you calendar and write everything that you calendar and write everything that you have to do that month, it helps you stay have to do that month, it helps you stay have to do that month, it helps you stay 10 times more organized and it makes 10 times more organized and it makes 10 times more organized and it makes things easier because you're actually things easier because you're actually things easier because you're actually physically seeing the things that you physically seeing the things that you physically seeing the things that you have to do like in front of you. For me have to do like in front of you. For me have to do like in front of you. For me personally, I keep it in my closet cuz personally, I keep it in my closet cuz personally, I keep it in my closet cuz I'm always going to go in my closet to I'm always going to go in my closet to I'm always going to go in my closet to look for my clothes so I know that I'm look for my clothes so I know that I'm look for my clothes so I know that I'm going to see it every day. I am so going to see it every day. I am so going to see it every day. I am so tired. I don't know why I'm tired. I tired. I don't know why I'm tired. I tired. I don't know why I'm tired. I hate when I feel like this. Anyways, hate when I feel like this. Anyways, hate when I feel like this. Anyways, today what I have to do is I'm finishing today what I have to do is I'm finishing today what I have to do is I'm finishing up editing my YouTube video that's going up editing my YouTube video that's going up editing my YouTube video that's going to be posted tomorrow, which is my to be posted tomorrow, which is my to be posted tomorrow, which is my Dominican Republic vlog, which obviously Dominican Republic vlog, which obviously Dominican Republic vlog, which obviously will already be up. So, if you guys will already be up. So, if you guys will already be up. So, if you guys didn't tune in, make sure to tune in. I didn't tune in, make sure to tune in. I didn't tune in, make sure to tune in. I just love my vacation vlogs, but I got just love my vacation vlogs, but I got just love my vacation vlogs, but I got to finish editing that, but I'm probably to finish editing that, but I'm probably to finish editing that, but I'm probably going to do that later on tonight. And I going to do that later on tonight. And I going to do that later on tonight. And I want to clean. As far as cleaning, we want to clean. As far as cleaning, we want to clean. As far as cleaning, we really don't have much to clean but just really don't have much to clean but just really don't have much to clean but just laundry. I've been neglecting laundry. I laundry. I've been neglecting laundry. I laundry. I've been neglecting laundry. I hate doing laundry. That's literally one hate doing laundry. That's literally one hate doing laundry. That's literally one of my least favorite chores. I just hate of my least favorite chores. I just hate of my least favorite chores. I just hate it. I just hate it so bad. I have some it. I just hate it so bad. I have some it. I just hate it so bad. I have some clothes that was from the last time the clothes that was from the last time the clothes that was from the last time the laundry was done in my closet on the laundry was done in my closet on the laundry was done in my closet on the floor that I [clears throat] still have floor that I [clears throat] still have floor that I [clears throat] still have not folded. I just literally been going not folded. I just literally been going not folded. I just literally been going through it whenever I want to wear through it whenever I want to wear through it whenever I want to wear something that's in there and just something that's in there and just something that's in there and just picking it out and just leaving it on picking it out and just leaving it on picking it out and just leaving it on the floor. Yep. the floor. Yep. the floor. Yep. That's just me being honest with y'all. That's just me being honest with y'all. That's just me being honest with y'all. And then my laundry room. Y'all don't And then my laundry room. Y'all don't And then my laundry room. Y'all don't even know what y'all don't even want to even know what y'all don't even want to even know what y'all don't even want to see. But y'all going to see it though. see. But y'all going to see it though. see. But y'all going to see it though. Yeah, that's what we're [clears throat] Yeah, that's what we're [clears throat] Yeah, that's what we're [clears throat] going to do today. We're going to stop going to do today. We're going to stop going to do today. We're going to stop neglecting the laundry and do laundry. neglecting the laundry and do laundry. neglecting the laundry and do laundry. So, how about we get our butts up right So, how about we get our butts up right So, how about we get our butts up right now and let's go do some laundry. now and let's go do some laundry. now and let's go do some laundry. Besides that, though, I don't really Besides that, though, I don't really Besides that, though, I don't really have much to clean. Like, my room stays have much to clean. Like, my room stays have much to clean. Like, my room stays pretty clean. I also have yet to unpack. pretty clean. I also have yet to unpack. pretty clean. I also have yet to unpack. This is what my laundry room looks like. This is what my laundry room looks like. This is what my laundry room looks like. So, we got to get this out of here. We So, we got to get this out of here. We So, we got to get this out of here. We got to unpack our clothes, do laundry, got to unpack our clothes, do laundry, got to unpack our clothes, do laundry, and then fold it. So, let's just let's and then fold it. So, let's just let's and then fold it. So, let's just let's just let's just do it. At least all of just let's just do it. At least all of just let's just do it. At least all of this clothes that's like up here, this this clothes that's like up here, this this clothes that's like up here, this is clean from when I started to do is clean from when I started to do is clean from when I started to do laundry and didn't finish it. So, just the other day I [music] heard a just the other day I [music] heard a just the other day I [music] heard a matter of fact with a face like this. matter of fact with a face like this. matter of fact with a face like this. [\h__\h] What could a ho say? The bag so [\h__\h] What could a ho say? The bag so [\h__\h] What could a ho say? The bag so expensive my [\h__\h] came with it. Body so expensive my [\h__\h] came with it. Body so expensive my [\h__\h] came with it. Body so nice they be saying who did it. But nice they be saying who did it. But nice they be saying who did it. But everything natural [music] actual everything natural [music] actual everything natural [music] actual factual pissy in the streets but I [\h__\h] factual pissy in the streets but I [\h__\h] factual pissy in the streets but I [\h__\h] like an animal. All you hoes know who like an animal. All you hoes know who like an animal. All you hoes know who the [\h__\h] I am. From [music] your the [\h__\h] I am. From [music] your the [\h__\h] I am. From [music] your boyfriend down to my Instagram to alled boyfriend down to my Instagram to alled boyfriend down to my Instagram to alled ass hoes that you can't keep with. I bet ass hoes that you can't keep with. I bet ass hoes that you can't keep with. I bet your jaw drop. You ever see me, [\h__\h] your jaw drop. You ever see me, [\h__\h] your jaw drop. You ever see me, [\h__\h] I'm her her her. She she she she she her her. She she she she she her her. She she she she she is me. is me. is me. [music] Tell your friends this her [music] her [music] her [music] you and whatever that is, I'mma do it you and whatever that is, I'mma do it you and whatever that is, I'mma do it better. Just see me in it playing. Catch better. Just see me in it playing. Catch better. Just see me in it playing. Catch up [\h__\h] looking like [music] dress up up [\h__\h] looking like [music] dress up up [\h__\h] looking like [music] dress up on a [\h__\h] Never. I don't even wear out on a [\h__\h] Never. I don't even wear out on a [\h__\h] Never. I don't even wear out twice. That dy [\h__\h] got a problem. twice. That dy [\h__\h] got a problem. twice. That dy [\h__\h] got a problem. [music] Probably never met them. Tell [music] Probably never met them. Tell [music] Probably never met them. Tell her I hated kids cheeks. out. But I'm her I hated kids cheeks. out. But I'm her I hated kids cheeks. out. But I'm used to the Turt [music] she she is me she she is me she she is me I [music] e giving me a pretty face. I eat hate giving me a pretty face. I eat hate giving me a pretty face. I eat hate that's why I ain't got a way. The more that's why I ain't got a way. The more that's why I ain't got a way. The more hoes hate more money I'mma make. And the hoes hate more money I'mma make. And the hoes hate more money I'mma make. And the more [\h__\h] talk [music] more [\h__\h] more [\h__\h] talk [music] more [\h__\h] more [\h__\h] talk [music] more [\h__\h] want to pay. Cuz I'm the most sick hoe. want to pay. Cuz I'm the most sick hoe. want to pay. Cuz I'm the most sick hoe. So [\h__\h] sick of me. No matter what So [\h__\h] sick of me. No matter what So [\h__\h] sick of me. No matter what they do and say it, ain't no getting rid they do and say it, ain't no getting rid they do and say it, ain't no getting rid of me. I come in every room and draw of me. I come in every room and draw of me. I come in every room and draw attention [music] like a piece for a attention [music] like a piece for a attention [music] like a piece for a long time. long time. long time. >> Good afternoon. It is Sunday and I just >> Good afternoon. It is Sunday and I just >> Good afternoon. It is Sunday and I just pulled up to the grocery store to do a pulled up to the grocery store to do a pulled up to the grocery store to do a little bit of groceries. I am going to little bit of groceries. I am going to little bit of groceries. I am going to be making bang bang shrimp with white be making bang bang shrimp with white be making bang bang shrimp with white rice today and we have only a little bit rice today and we have only a little bit rice today and we have only a little bit of shrimp and not enough mayonnaise to of shrimp and not enough mayonnaise to of shrimp and not enough mayonnaise to make like the sauce. So, I have to come make like the sauce. So, I have to come make like the sauce. So, I have to come to the grocery store to stack up on to the grocery store to stack up on to the grocery store to stack up on that. But since I already got to come to that. But since I already got to come to that. But since I already got to come to the grocery store, it just seems like a the grocery store, it just seems like a the grocery store, it just seems like a waste of time to come for only two waste of time to come for only two waste of time to come for only two things. So, I looked around and made a things. So, I looked around and made a things. So, I looked around and made a little list. We're not getting that much little list. We're not getting that much little list. We're not getting that much things. So, we need the shrimp, things. So, we need the shrimp, things. So, we need the shrimp, mayonnaise, [music] cilantro, green mayonnaise, [music] cilantro, green mayonnaise, [music] cilantro, green onion, red onions, chicken breast, milk, onion, red onions, chicken breast, milk, onion, red onions, chicken breast, milk, green grapes, some lime, some lemon, and green grapes, some lime, some lemon, and green grapes, some lime, some lemon, and then I'm going to get some ice cream. then I'm going to get some ice cream. then I'm going to get some ice cream. So, that is all the things that we're So, that is all the things that we're So, that is all the things that we're getting. Super simple. It's not going to getting. Super simple. It's not going to getting. Super simple. It's not going to be like a big restock of groceries be like a big restock of groceries be like a big restock of groceries because we're only missing like a couple because we're only missing like a couple because we're only missing like a couple things, not a lot. We're on the last things, not a lot. We're on the last things, not a lot. We're on the last load of laundry. Like, one is washing load of laundry. Like, one is washing load of laundry. Like, one is washing and the other one is drying. And once and the other one is drying. And once and the other one is drying. And once that's done, we'll be completely done that's done, we'll be completely done that's done, we'll be completely done with laundry. I don't know if I'm gonna with laundry. I don't know if I'm gonna with laundry. I don't know if I'm gonna show you guys me cooking or like cook show you guys me cooking or like cook show you guys me cooking or like cook let y'all cook with me. I don't know. Do let y'all cook with me. I don't know. Do let y'all cook with me. I don't know. Do y'all like when I do the segment videos? y'all like when I do the segment videos? y'all like when I do the segment videos? I might just go live. I usually go live I might just go live. I usually go live I might just go live. I usually go live when I cook and I haven't been live for when I cook and I haven't been live for when I cook and I haven't been live for a minute. So, we might go live. But a minute. So, we might go live. But a minute. So, we might go live. But yeah, let's go into the grocery store yeah, let's go into the grocery store yeah, let's go into the grocery store real quick and get the things that we real quick and get the things that we real quick and get the things that we need. >> [music] >> You have your load on the floor. >> You have your load on the floor. >> You have your load on the floor. >> [music] >> I'm back from the grocery store and we >> I'm back from the grocery store and we >> I'm back from the grocery store and we really got everything that we went in really got everything that we went in really got everything that we went in there to get except for like little there to get except for like little there to get except for like little things that I got that was not on the things that I got that was not on the things that I got that was not on the list. But hey, what can I say? I also list. But hey, what can I say? I also list. But hey, what can I say? I also did pick up some toothpaste. I usually did pick up some toothpaste. I usually did pick up some toothpaste. I usually use Crest. This is the Pro House. My use Crest. This is the Pro House. My use Crest. This is the Pro House. My first time using this one. And then some first time using this one. And then some first time using this one. And then some toothbrushes because it's time to throw toothbrushes because it's time to throw toothbrushes because it's time to throw out my old one, replace it with new out my old one, replace it with new out my old one, replace it with new ones. I'm excited to try these. They ones. I'm excited to try these. They ones. I'm excited to try these. They look and smell so good. And my mom used look and smell so good. And my mom used look and smell so good. And my mom used to buy these but like filled up with to buy these but like filled up with to buy these but like filled up with apple pop like apple in the middle when apple pop like apple in the middle when apple pop like apple in the middle when I always used to like strip the top and I always used to like strip the top and I always used to like strip the top and only eat the top cuz I don't like like only eat the top cuz I don't like like only eat the top cuz I don't like like when apple is like smooshed up like I when apple is like smooshed up like I when apple is like smooshed up like I just don't like it. So I seen that these just don't like it. So I seen that these just don't like it. So I seen that these were like empty like they didn't have no were like empty like they didn't have no were like empty like they didn't have no filling. So I picked those up. chicken filling. So I picked those up. chicken filling. So I picked those up. chicken breast that's already divided. Like it breast that's already divided. Like it breast that's already divided. Like it comes in its own little individual seal comes in its own little individual seal comes in its own little individual seal pouches because one thing about me is I pouches because one thing about me is I pouches because one thing about me is I hate defrosting chicken and then I'm hate defrosting chicken and then I'm hate defrosting chicken and then I'm only going to use like one or two only going to use like one or two only going to use like one or two chicken breasts from the whole pack and chicken breasts from the whole pack and chicken breasts from the whole pack and then I got to freeze it up again and then I got to freeze it up again and then I got to freeze it up again and then I got to defrost it to be able to then I got to defrost it to be able to then I got to defrost it to be able to break it up and freeze it up again. So break it up and freeze it up again. So break it up and freeze it up again. So what I started to do was dividing them what I started to do was dividing them what I started to do was dividing them by two into Ziploc bags every time that by two into Ziploc bags every time that by two into Ziploc bags every time that I would buy them before I freeze them I would buy them before I freeze them I would buy them before I freeze them up. But since I seen that these were up. But since I seen that these were up. But since I seen that these were already prealed and decided to pick them already prealed and decided to pick them already prealed and decided to pick them up. I also did stop at Dollar Tree up. I also did stop at Dollar Tree up. I also did stop at Dollar Tree because the laundry bag that we have is because the laundry bag that we have is because the laundry bag that we have is broken and we still be using it, but broken and we still be using it, but broken and we still be using it, but it's annoying now. So, I went in there it's annoying now. So, I went in there it's annoying now. So, I went in there to see if they had some. And I got to see if they had some. And I got to see if they had some. And I got distracted and got some other things, of distracted and got some other things, of distracted and got some other things, of course. So, my niece's birthday is course. So, my niece's birthday is course. So, my niece's birthday is actually today, August 2nd. And she's actually today, August 2nd. And she's actually today, August 2nd. And she's going to be coming down next weekend to going to be coming down next weekend to going to be coming down next weekend to spend a week with us. And I am making spend a week with us. And I am making spend a week with us. And I am making her like a little basket with like toys. her like a little basket with like toys. her like a little basket with like toys. So, I decided to get this basket so she So, I decided to get this basket so she So, I decided to get this basket so she could keep all of her toys that we've could keep all of her toys that we've could keep all of her toys that we've been buying her in here. So then when been buying her in here. So then when been buying her in here. So then when she comes over again, she'll have like she comes over again, she'll have like she comes over again, she'll have like her little toy bag in my house. I her little toy bag in my house. I her little toy bag in my house. I already have went to Marshalls the other already have went to Marshalls the other already have went to Marshalls the other day or TJ Maxx, I think it was. I had day or TJ Maxx, I think it was. I had day or TJ Maxx, I think it was. I had got her some other toys, some swimming got her some other toys, some swimming got her some other toys, some swimming stuff for when she comes over cuz I know stuff for when she comes over cuz I know stuff for when she comes over cuz I know she's going to want to go to the pool she's going to want to go to the pool she's going to want to go to the pool and some clothes. But when I went in and some clothes. But when I went in and some clothes. But when I went in there today, I seen that they also had there today, I seen that they also had there today, I seen that they also had like little toys, and I totally be like little toys, and I totally be like little toys, and I totally be forgetting that Dollar Tree has toys. So forgetting that Dollar Tree has toys. So forgetting that Dollar Tree has toys. So again, I got this basket. This is where again, I got this basket. This is where again, I got this basket. This is where all the toys are going to go. She's all the toys are going to go. She's all the toys are going to go. She's getting more into like princess stuff getting more into like princess stuff getting more into like princess stuff now. Now, I got her these little now. Now, I got her these little now. Now, I got her these little coloring pages at her house. She has coloring pages at her house. She has coloring pages at her house. She has like a little kitchen, the little plates like a little kitchen, the little plates like a little kitchen, the little plates and stuff like that. So, I decided to and stuff like that. So, I decided to and stuff like that. So, I decided to get her these little skillets basically get her these little skillets basically get her these little skillets basically so she could play like cooking here as so she could play like cooking here as so she could play like cooking here as well. And then I got her this little well. And then I got her this little well. And then I got her this little chef. She also is into like the doctor chef. She also is into like the doctor chef. She also is into like the doctor and stuff like the little um kids. She and stuff like the little um kids. She and stuff like the little um kids. She has a lot of them at home. So, I got her has a lot of them at home. So, I got her has a lot of them at home. So, I got her this one so she could have one here. this one so she could have one here. this one so she could have one here. That is all the toys that I got. This is That is all the toys that I got. This is That is all the toys that I got. This is the laundry bags that I found. These are the laundry bags that I found. These are the laundry bags that I found. These are meshed ones. I don't know how long this meshed ones. I don't know how long this meshed ones. I don't know how long this is going to last. probably not going to is going to last. probably not going to is going to last. probably not going to last that long cuz they don't look like last that long cuz they don't look like last that long cuz they don't look like that much of a good quality. I was that much of a good quality. I was that much of a good quality. I was looking for the more sturdy ones, but looking for the more sturdy ones, but looking for the more sturdy ones, but they didn't have those. So, I got me they didn't have those. So, I got me they didn't have those. So, I got me some some hair ties. I like using these some some hair ties. I like using these some some hair ties. I like using these hair ties rather than the skinnier ones hair ties rather than the skinnier ones hair ties rather than the skinnier ones because it causes less breakage. Two because it causes less breakage. Two because it causes less breakage. Two packs of AAA batteries because we always packs of AAA batteries because we always packs of AAA batteries because we always need AAA batteries in this house. The need AAA batteries in this house. The need AAA batteries in this house. The last thing that I got is some Airheads last thing that I got is some Airheads last thing that I got is some Airheads Extreme Candy. I love these. But yeah, Extreme Candy. I love these. But yeah, Extreme Candy. I love these. But yeah, that is all the things that I got from that is all the things that I got from that is all the things that I got from Dollar Tree. So, now we're about to get Dollar Tree. So, now we're about to get Dollar Tree. So, now we're about to get to Megan's food. Like I said, I'm to Megan's food. Like I said, I'm to Megan's food. Like I said, I'm probably going to go live, speak to you probably going to go live, speak to you probably going to go live, speak to you guys there. When you guys see me pull out the hat, When you guys see me pull out the hat, When you guys see me pull out the hat, you guys know that we're deep in the you guys know that we're deep in the you guys know that we're deep in the trenches of hair depression. Well, I'm trenches of hair depression. Well, I'm trenches of hair depression. Well, I'm not even going to say hair depression. I not even going to say hair depression. I not even going to say hair depression. I don't like speaking I don't like to say don't like speaking I don't like to say don't like speaking I don't like to say that word over my life. We're going to that word over my life. We're going to that word over my life. We're going to say hair sadness. Like, I am starting to say hair sadness. Like, I am starting to say hair sadness. Like, I am starting to get I feel it in my bones. is coming and get I feel it in my bones. is coming and get I feel it in my bones. is coming and we got to do something about it. It is we got to do something about it. It is we got to do something about it. It is currently I want to say 6 something, but currently I want to say 6 something, but currently I want to say 6 something, but I just finished getting ready to go to I just finished getting ready to go to I just finished getting ready to go to the gym. I don't feel like really going the gym. I don't feel like really going the gym. I don't feel like really going to the gym at all. But it's Monday and to the gym at all. But it's Monday and to the gym at all. But it's Monday and I'm working on acting based on what I I'm working on acting based on what I I'm working on acting based on what I know is right for me and right for my know is right for me and right for my know is right for me and right for my body rather than what I'm feeling body rather than what I'm feeling body rather than what I'm feeling because a feeling is a feeling and it because a feeling is a feeling and it because a feeling is a feeling and it comes and goes. You're going to feel comes and goes. You're going to feel comes and goes. You're going to feel different things every second of the day different things every second of the day different things every second of the day and you literally cannot live your life and you literally cannot live your life and you literally cannot live your life based off feelings. So, even though I based off feelings. So, even though I based off feelings. So, even though I don't feel like going to the gym, we're don't feel like going to the gym, we're don't feel like going to the gym, we're going to go and we're going to start going to go and we're going to start going to go and we're going to start doing cardio. I'm officially getting doing cardio. I'm officially getting doing cardio. I'm officially getting back into solid core next week. Next back into solid core next week. Next back into solid core next week. Next Monday to be specific. And I want to Monday to be specific. And I want to Monday to be specific. And I want to just start going back to the gym at just start going back to the gym at just start going back to the gym at least to do cardio for this week just so least to do cardio for this week just so least to do cardio for this week just so like like warming up my body to go back like like warming up my body to go back like like warming up my body to go back into tall. I've been feeling myself into tall. I've been feeling myself into tall. I've been feeling myself falling into this funk and I think it's falling into this funk and I think it's falling into this funk and I think it's because of my hair. Like no lie, I feel because of my hair. Like no lie, I feel because of my hair. Like no lie, I feel like it's because I feel like [\h__\h] like it's because I feel like [\h__\h] like it's because I feel like [\h__\h] like and it's because my hair looks like like and it's because my hair looks like like and it's because my hair looks like [\h__\h] So, when we come back from the [\h__\h] So, when we come back from the [\h__\h] So, when we come back from the gym, we're going to be washing my hair gym, we're going to be washing my hair gym, we're going to be washing my hair and we're going to be doing my curly and we're going to be doing my curly and we're going to be doing my curly hair routine so we could look like hair routine so we could look like hair routine so we could look like something because instead of letting something because instead of letting something because instead of letting myself fall into the funk and then myself fall into the funk and then myself fall into the funk and then having to get myself out of the funk, having to get myself out of the funk, having to get myself out of the funk, I'm just going to prevent myself from I'm just going to prevent myself from I'm just going to prevent myself from falling into the funk. And it got to falling into the funk. And it got to falling into the funk. And it got to start with ourselves. This vlog of us start with ourselves. This vlog of us start with ourselves. This vlog of us getting back into routine and everything getting back into routine and everything getting back into routine and everything also involves getting ourselves together also involves getting ourselves together also involves getting ourselves together fitness-wise, healthwise, and lookwise. fitness-wise, healthwise, and lookwise. fitness-wise, healthwise, and lookwise. Because once again, once you look good, Because once again, once you look good, Because once again, once you look good, you feel good. And when you don't look you feel good. And when you don't look you feel good. And when you don't look good, you don't feel good. And that's good, you don't feel good. And that's good, you don't feel good. And that's where I'm at right now. So, we're going where I'm at right now. So, we're going where I'm at right now. So, we're going to be taking care of ourselves. We're to be taking care of ourselves. We're to be taking care of ourselves. We're going to go to the gym, hit some cardio, going to go to the gym, hit some cardio, going to go to the gym, hit some cardio, and then we're going to come back, wash and then we're going to come back, wash and then we're going to come back, wash this hair, and do our curly hair routine this hair, and do our curly hair routine this hair, and do our curly hair routine so we could look like something. So, I'm so we could look like something. So, I'm so we could look like something. So, I'm going to see you guys when we get to the going to see you guys when we get to the going to see you guys when we get to the gym. [\h__\h] can't even see me [music] bitching bitching bitching [music] on you calling me dead on [\h__\h] [music] on you calling me dead on [\h__\h] [music] on you calling me dead on [\h__\h] turn it up like gas came out the swag turn it up like gas came out the swag turn it up like gas came out the swag got a [\h__\h] I'm a furno got a [\h__\h] I'm a furno got a [\h__\h] I'm a furno they biting my they biting my they biting my championship going into the living. Fun fact, when me and my man first got Fun fact, when me and my man first got Fun fact, when me and my man first got together, he dedicated this song to me together, he dedicated this song to me together, he dedicated this song to me and he got me a blanket for our first and he got me a blanket for our first and he got me a blanket for our first crystal together with our picture and crystal together with our picture and crystal together with our picture and little song thing with this song. So, little song thing with this song. So, little song thing with this song. So, like, I love this song. Don't mind my like, I love this song. Don't mind my like, I love this song. Don't mind my wrinkled robe. I literally forgot that I wrinkled robe. I literally forgot that I wrinkled robe. I literally forgot that I had this and I had to pull it out when I had this and I had to pull it out when I had this and I had to pull it out when I seen that I had it. So, it's wrinkled. seen that I had it. So, it's wrinkled. seen that I had it. So, it's wrinkled. But, we're about to get to doing my But, we're about to get to doing my But, we're about to get to doing my curly hair routine. So, I showed you curly hair routine. So, I showed you curly hair routine. So, I showed you guys my curly hair routine before, but guys my curly hair routine before, but guys my curly hair routine before, but I'm going to show you guys again. Today I'm going to show you guys again. Today I'm going to show you guys again. Today we don't have my Shea Moisture mask. we don't have my Shea Moisture mask. we don't have my Shea Moisture mask. It's a mask, but I use it as a leave-in. It's a mask, but I use it as a leave-in. It's a mask, but I use it as a leave-in. So, today we're going to be using So, today we're going to be using So, today we're going to be using Garnier method for curls. It is a hair Garnier method for curls. It is a hair Garnier method for curls. It is a hair mask, but I don't know. I like using my mask, but I don't know. I like using my mask, but I don't know. I like using my hair mask. Well, some and I use it like hair mask. Well, some and I use it like hair mask. Well, some and I use it like as a leave-in conditioner. And then, of as a leave-in conditioner. And then, of as a leave-in conditioner. And then, of course, we're going to using my As I Am course, we're going to using my As I Am course, we're going to using my As I Am leave-in conditioner. This one has more leave-in conditioner. This one has more leave-in conditioner. This one has more of a jelly texture. That's why I also of a jelly texture. That's why I also of a jelly texture. That's why I also like using like a cream texture. As far like using like a cream texture. As far like using like a cream texture. As far as the water, this is the only thing as the water, this is the only thing as the water, this is the only thing that's changed in my routine as far as that's changed in my routine as far as that's changed in my routine as far as products. Instead of using regular water products. Instead of using regular water products. Instead of using regular water to rewet my hair, I use the Jamaican to rewet my hair, I use the Jamaican to rewet my hair, I use the Jamaican black Costa oil water from As I Am. And black Costa oil water from As I Am. And black Costa oil water from As I Am. And then, of course, I use my Bounce Curl then, of course, I use my Bounce Curl then, of course, I use my Bounce Curl define brush. This is what I use to define brush. This is what I use to define brush. This is what I use to define my curls. So, the first thing I define my curls. So, the first thing I define my curls. So, the first thing I do is divide do is divide do is divide my hair. I go in with my water to rewet my hair. I go in with my water to rewet my hair. I go in with my water to rewet it a little bit. it a little bit. it a little bit. I'm going to be using only a little bit I'm going to be using only a little bit I'm going to be using only a little bit of this. I don't have that much, so I of this. I don't have that much, so I of this. I don't have that much, so I got to make it like got to make it like got to make it like last throughout my whole head. This much last throughout my whole head. This much last throughout my whole head. This much and just put it throughout my hair. and just put it throughout my hair. and just put it throughout my hair. And then we go in with my as I Am And then we go in with my as I Am And then we go in with my as I Am leave-in conditioner. I use like this leave-in conditioner. I use like this leave-in conditioner. I use like this much. So, go with that. much. So, go with that. much. So, go with that. Hold that. I'm going to curl through Hold that. I'm going to curl through Hold that. I'm going to curl through first so it could get all the product. first so it could get all the product. first so it could get all the product. And then I curl upwards and [music] shake it. And that's how you and [music] shake it. And that's how you and [music] shake it. And that's how you define your curls. >> [music] >> be >> be >> be love. love. love. >> I don't want you to leave. But if I got >> I don't want you to leave. But if I got >> I don't want you to leave. But if I got time for you, then I got you. Want me time for you, then I got you. Want me time for you, then I got you. Want me calling you [music] short? hugging the calling you [music] short? hugging the calling you [music] short? hugging the FLunication. It was a single conversation It was a single conversation It was a single conversation [singing] with me. I just my leave in [singing] with me. I just my leave in [singing] with me. I just my leave in the morning. I see that you get on it in the morning. I see that you get on it in the morning. I see that you get on it in the [singing] morning [music] the [singing] morning [music] the [singing] morning [music] when I finish. One of the common things when I finish. One of the common things when I finish. One of the common things that I feel like people mistake is think that I feel like people mistake is think that I feel like people mistake is think that you can put product in here like that you can put product in here like that you can put product in here like this. This is dry. Like no, you got to this. This is dry. Like no, you got to this. This is dry. Like no, you got to it got to be it got to be it got to be >> [singing] >> [singing] >> [singing] >> If y'all didn't know, I had a young boy >> If y'all didn't know, I had a young boy >> If y'all didn't know, I had a young boy face. >> I just want to get you home. [music] >> I just want to get you home. [music] >> I just want to get you home. [music] I am only one night. Have you feeling I am only one night. Have you feeling I am only one night. Have you feeling [music] baby? I'mma please you. Ain't no [music] baby? I'mma please you. Ain't no [music] baby? I'mma please you. Ain't no doubt about it. Think of all the things doubt about it. Think of all the things doubt about it. Think of all the things we can [music] do. Throw me in the car we can [music] do. Throw me in the car we can [music] do. Throw me in the car while I do what you said. while I do what you said. while I do what you said. Take it from the bed to the sofa. Now Take it from the bed to the sofa. Now Take it from the bed to the sofa. Now you sleep in a [music and singing] coma. you sleep in a [music and singing] coma. you sleep in a [music and singing] coma. Now I want to focus. You can get it wet Now I want to focus. You can get it wet Now I want to focus. You can get it wet like swimming in the ocean. Once you get like swimming in the ocean. Once you get like swimming in the ocean. Once you get to the top, I like parting mine. I got to the top, I like parting mine. I got to the top, I like parting mine. I got my crown. So I leave this much. The my crown. So I leave this much. The my crown. So I leave this much. The middle is going to get I'm going do it middle is going to get I'm going do it middle is going to get I'm going do it this way. And then the sides I'm going this way. And then the sides I'm going this way. And then the sides I'm going to do it with this way. That's [music] to do it with this way. That's [music] to do it with this way. That's [music] what gives you like that fro look. If what gives you like that fro look. If what gives you like that fro look. If you do it, if you continue to go you do it, if you continue to go you do it, if you continue to go backwards, your hair is going to lay backwards, your hair is going to lay backwards, your hair is going to lay backwards. If you want it to lay like backwards. If you want it to lay like backwards. If you want it to lay like all over, look, you got to do it this all over, look, you got to do it this all over, look, you got to do it this way. [music] If you want it to the side, way. [music] If you want it to the side, way. [music] If you want it to the side, they got to the side. Whatever. they got to the side. Whatever. they got to the side. Whatever. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Tell me why do you kind of love >> Tell me why do you kind of love >> Tell me why do you kind of love you're my favorite. [music] >> Why you got to move crazy? Why you got >> Why you got to move crazy? Why you got >> Why you got to move crazy? Why you got to take so [music] long? >> You're wasting my time. I'm out for you. >> You're wasting my time. I'm out for you. >> You're wasting my time. I'm out for you. And we love each other, but what are we And we love each other, but what are we And we love each other, but what are we doing? doing? doing? >> Stop [music] the confusion. I have to >> Stop [music] the confusion. I have to >> Stop [music] the confusion. I have to say about about about you. [music] You were down so we are done with 90% of our curly hair we are done with 90% of our curly hair we are done with 90% of our curly hair routine. As you guys can see, I went in routine. As you guys can see, I went in routine. As you guys can see, I went in with the diffuser. So, I like to go in with the diffuser. So, I like to go in with the diffuser. So, I like to go in with medium heat at first, then cold with medium heat at first, then cold with medium heat at first, then cold heat when I get like closer to my scalp, heat when I get like closer to my scalp, heat when I get like closer to my scalp, then medium heat again to go like this then medium heat again to go like this then medium heat again to go like this to it, and then cold heat again when I to it, and then cold heat again when I to it, and then cold heat again when I get to dry out my scalp. The one thing get to dry out my scalp. The one thing get to dry out my scalp. The one thing when you're diffusing that you want to when you're diffusing that you want to when you're diffusing that you want to do is don't bring the diffuser to you. do is don't bring the diffuser to you. do is don't bring the diffuser to you. You go to the diffuser. My hair is like You go to the diffuser. My hair is like You go to the diffuser. My hair is like 90% dry. It's still like a little moist 90% dry. It's still like a little moist 90% dry. It's still like a little moist because of the product. We're going to because of the product. We're going to because of the product. We're going to put it up and then tomorrow is when I put it up and then tomorrow is when I put it up and then tomorrow is when I add some oil to it and I pick it out so add some oil to it and I pick it out so add some oil to it and I pick it out so it could get bigger and I break up it could get bigger and I break up it could get bigger and I break up whatever curls need to get broken up. whatever curls need to get broken up. whatever curls need to get broken up. Another thing that I did switch up when Another thing that I did switch up when Another thing that I did switch up when it comes to my hair routine or my curly it comes to my hair routine or my curly it comes to my hair routine or my curly hair routine is how I put it up. Before hair routine is how I put it up. Before hair routine is how I put it up. Before I used to put it in four pigtails or I used to put it in four pigtails or I used to put it in four pigtails or three pigtails. Now I put it up with a three pigtails. Now I put it up with a three pigtails. Now I put it up with a scarf. So I'm going to show you guys. So scarf. So I'm going to show you guys. So scarf. So I'm going to show you guys. So you grab your scarf, fold it in half, you grab your scarf, fold it in half, you grab your scarf, fold it in half, bring your hair, tie it. Make sure that bring your hair, tie it. Make sure that bring your hair, tie it. Make sure that this is like over the curls. You're this is like over the curls. You're this is like over the curls. You're going to grab your two pieces and tie going to grab your two pieces and tie going to grab your two pieces and tie that to the back that to the back that to the back of your hair. This. And then you put your bonnet, This. And then you put your bonnet, This. And then you put your bonnet, which I got to go find. So, let me go which I got to go find. So, let me go which I got to go find. So, let me go find that. I'm going to put my bonnet find that. I'm going to put my bonnet find that. I'm going to put my bonnet on. You just put your bonnet on on. You just put your bonnet on on. You just put your bonnet on regularly. And then that's it. Go like regularly. And then that's it. Go like regularly. And then that's it. Go like this. Put your bonnet on. And that's how this. Put your bonnet on. And that's how this. Put your bonnet on. And that's how you go to sleep. We're going to go ahead you go to sleep. We're going to go ahead you go to sleep. We're going to go ahead and also clean up this mess because it's and also clean up this mess because it's and also clean up this mess because it's a mess here. This is what my bathroom a mess here. This is what my bathroom a mess here. This is what my bathroom looks like. All of this I have my looks like. All of this I have my looks like. All of this I have my clothes that I had on plus clothes that clothes that I had on plus clothes that clothes that I had on plus clothes that I had on earlier. Like all this needs to I had on earlier. Like all this needs to I had on earlier. Like all this needs to get cleaned up. So, we're going to go get cleaned up. So, we're going to go get cleaned up. So, we're going to go ahead and clean that up now rather than ahead and clean that up now rather than ahead and clean that up now rather than going to sleep and having [music] to going to sleep and having [music] to going to sleep and having [music] to deal with it in the morning. We don't know. [music] Good afternoon. This is part two of my Good afternoon. This is part two of my Good afternoon. This is part two of my curly hair routine. So, this is what she curly hair routine. So, this is what she curly hair routine. So, this is what she looks like. looks like. looks like. [laughter] This is what she looks like. [laughter] This is what she looks like. [laughter] This is what she looks like. What you're going to need is pick and What you're going to need is pick and What you're going to need is pick and some type of oil. The oil that I use is some type of oil. The oil that I use is some type of oil. The oil that I use is the Matrix Food for Solve oil. I got the Matrix Food for Solve oil. I got the Matrix Food for Solve oil. I got this as a PR I want to say like a year this as a PR I want to say like a year this as a PR I want to say like a year and a half ago and I've been loving it and a half ago and I've been loving it and a half ago and I've been loving it since. Definitely something that I will since. Definitely something that I will since. Definitely something that I will be rebying. I like it cuz it's more of be rebying. I like it cuz it's more of be rebying. I like it cuz it's more of like a thick oil. I don't know if you like a thick oil. I don't know if you like a thick oil. I don't know if you guys guys guys Jeez, what was that? It's more like a Jeez, what was that? It's more like a Jeez, what was that? It's more like a thick oil. thick oil. thick oil. So, I like it. I like to use it when my So, I like it. I like to use it when my So, I like it. I like to use it when my hair is curly. Shake her up a little bit hair is curly. Shake her up a little bit hair is curly. Shake her up a little bit there. We're going to put some oil and just apply it all over our hair. and just apply it all over our hair. and just apply it all over our hair. Stretch it out as much as we can. I like to put more oil so then I could I like to put more oil so then I could I like to put more oil so then I could go in and break up the curls that need go in and break up the curls that need go in and break up the curls that need to get broken up. We're going to go in with our pick. And We're going to go in with our pick. And We're going to go in with our pick. And this is where the damage comes in. So, I this is where the damage comes in. So, I this is where the damage comes in. So, I like big puffy hair. So, always want to like big puffy hair. So, always want to like big puffy hair. So, always want to pick from the root. If you pick from the pick from the root. If you pick from the pick from the root. If you pick from the middle, you're going to mess up your middle, you're going to mess up your middle, you're going to mess up your curls. So, obviously, this is up to you. curls. So, obviously, this is up to you. curls. So, obviously, this is up to you. Since I like my hair to be bigger, I Since I like my hair to be bigger, I Since I like my hair to be bigger, I pick a lot. This is what it looks like. So, like I This is what it looks like. So, like I This is what it looks like. So, like I said, because I did my part on my crown, said, because I did my part on my crown, said, because I did my part on my crown, this is what you're going to get. If you this is what you're going to get. If you this is what you're going to get. If you want more like of actual middle part, want more like of actual middle part, want more like of actual middle part, then you'll do a middle part and don't then you'll do a middle part and don't then you'll do a middle part and don't part it exactly on your crown. You're part it exactly on your crown. You're part it exactly on your crown. You're not going to be able to get this if you not going to be able to get this if you not going to be able to get this if you do it all on the same day. So, let's say do it all on the same day. So, let's say do it all on the same day. So, let's say if I would have washed my hair, done my if I would have washed my hair, done my if I would have washed my hair, done my curly hair routine, and then picked it curly hair routine, and then picked it curly hair routine, and then picked it out, it would have been like this out, it would have been like this out, it would have been like this because I need time for my hair to like because I need time for my hair to like because I need time for my hair to like 100% dry before I get to go in and pick 100% dry before I get to go in and pick 100% dry before I get to go in and pick it out. And my hair doesn't dry in one it out. And my hair doesn't dry in one it out. And my hair doesn't dry in one day. I have to leave it overnight plus day. I have to leave it overnight plus day. I have to leave it overnight plus some. So, if you want hair like this for some. So, if you want hair like this for some. So, if you want hair like this for a specific day, make sure you do it the a specific day, make sure you do it the a specific day, make sure you do it the day before or 2 days before and leave day before or 2 days before and leave day before or 2 days before and leave your hair up. Yeah, this is the curly your hair up. Yeah, this is the curly your hair up. Yeah, this is the curly hair routine. 2:45 right now. I'm about hair routine. 2:45 right now. I'm about hair routine. 2:45 right now. I'm about to do my minimum makeup routine, like my to do my minimum makeup routine, like my to do my minimum makeup routine, like my everyday makeup, and I'm going to film a everyday makeup, and I'm going to film a everyday makeup, and I'm going to film a TikTok on it because I keep telling you TikTok on it because I keep telling you TikTok on it because I keep telling you guys that I'm going to get more into guys that I'm going to get more into guys that I'm going to get more into like the beauty side of content creation like the beauty side of content creation like the beauty side of content creation and show you guys like my makeup and show you guys like my makeup and show you guys like my makeup routine, lip combos, and all that cuz y routine, lip combos, and all that cuz y routine, lip combos, and all that cuz y always asking for it. And I've showed always asking for it. And I've showed always asking for it. And I've showed you guys on YouTube videos before, but I you guys on YouTube videos before, but I you guys on YouTube videos before, but I don't think I've ever done a Tik Tok or don't think I've ever done a Tik Tok or don't think I've ever done a Tik Tok or a real where you guys could just go back a real where you guys could just go back a real where you guys could just go back and find it easily when y'all need it. and find it easily when y'all need it. and find it easily when y'all need it. We're going to do a little bit like of a We're going to do a little bit like of a We're going to do a little bit like of a content day. So, work day because that content day. So, work day because that content day. So, work day because that is my job. We're going to film that is my job. We're going to film that is my job. We're going to film that short-term content for Tik Tok and short-term content for Tik Tok and short-term content for Tik Tok and Instagram. And then I have a Gym Shark Instagram. And then I have a Gym Shark Instagram. And then I have a Gym Shark sponsorship to film. So, we're also sponsorship to film. So, we're also sponsorship to film. So, we're also going to film that today. So, we're going to film that today. So, we're going to film that today. So, we're going to do those two videos. And I'm going to do those two videos. And I'm going to do those two videos. And I'm going to do like a little behind the going to do like a little behind the going to do like a little behind the scenes. I'm about to get my tripod so we scenes. I'm about to get my tripod so we scenes. I'm about to get my tripod so we can set up my phone. First of all, can set up my phone. First of all, can set up my phone. First of all, before I do that, how much storage do I before I do that, how much storage do I before I do that, how much storage do I have? If you know, you know. This is the have? If you know, you know. This is the have? If you know, you know. This is the tripod that I'm going to be using. tripod that I'm going to be using. tripod that I'm going to be using. Whenever I'm filming on my phone, I do Whenever I'm filming on my phone, I do Whenever I'm filming on my phone, I do use the back camera. I just angle it. use the back camera. I just angle it. use the back camera. I just angle it. Since I have my vanity right in front of Since I have my vanity right in front of Since I have my vanity right in front of me, I just angle it to where I could see me, I just angle it to where I could see me, I just angle it to where I could see myself from the mirror. You always got myself from the mirror. You always got myself from the mirror. You always got to make sure you clean your camera. Even to make sure you clean your camera. Even to make sure you clean your camera. Even if your camera is clean, always swipe if your camera is clean, always swipe if your camera is clean, always swipe the lenses. Okay, this is what it looks the lenses. Okay, this is what it looks the lenses. Okay, this is what it looks like. So, I have my camera facing me, like. So, I have my camera facing me, like. So, I have my camera facing me, but I could see myself from the but I could see myself from the but I could see myself from the reflection of the mirror. So I know that reflection of the mirror. So I know that reflection of the mirror. So I know that I'm in the frame. >> Crazy. >> Crazy. >> Crazy. I cannot I cannot I cannot wait. I go out of my way. [music] wait. I go out of my way. [music] wait. I go out of my way. [music] I go out of my way to single and be I go out of my way to single and be I go out of my way to single and be I know my know about [music] the [\h__\h] big bank roll about [music] the [\h__\h] big bank roll about [music] the [\h__\h] big bank roll my pockets all the I [music] Maybe it's my pockets all the I [music] Maybe it's my pockets all the I [music] Maybe it's who I only want. I don't give a [\h__\h] who who I only want. I don't give a [\h__\h] who who I only want. I don't give a [\h__\h] who can't wait. She don't give a [\h__\h] who can't wait. She don't give a [\h__\h] who can't wait. She don't give a [\h__\h] who get the [\h__\h] off. I'm trying to finish get the [\h__\h] off. I'm trying to finish get the [\h__\h] off. I'm trying to finish this who I started with. I'm trying to this who I started with. I'm trying to this who I started with. I'm trying to spend it all with [music] my queen hit spend it all with [music] my queen hit spend it all with [music] my queen hit the beam. Hey [music] to the money I never let go. Hey baby out the window to the money. I ain't out the window to the money. I ain't out the window to the money. I ain't never let go. never let go. never let go. >> [music] >> And that's seen. We're done. >> And that's seen. We're done. >> And that's seen. We're done. Now all I got to do is edit it, which is Now all I got to do is edit it, which is Now all I got to do is edit it, which is super easy to edit my shortterm content. super easy to edit my shortterm content. super easy to edit my shortterm content. Okay, now that the look is done, we are Okay, now that the look is done, we are Okay, now that the look is done, we are about to start filming my Gym Shark about to start filming my Gym Shark about to start filming my Gym Shark haul. So, since that's like a try on haul. So, since that's like a try on haul. So, since that's like a try on haul, there's really no behind the haul, there's really no behind the haul, there's really no behind the scenes. scenes. scenes. There is no behind the scenes to film There is no behind the scenes to film There is no behind the scenes to film because the behind the scenes is I don't because the behind the scenes is I don't because the behind the scenes is I don't have no clothes on. So you guys will be have no clothes on. So you guys will be have no clothes on. So you guys will be seeing the Gym Shark haul in my next seeing the Gym Shark haul in my next seeing the Gym Shark haul in my next video. I think since I have to get my video. I think since I have to get my video. I think since I have to get my sponsorship videos approved. I like to sponsorship videos approved. I like to sponsorship videos approved. I like to do them a little early. These are the do them a little early. These are the do them a little early. These are the clothes that I have. So it's only six clothes that I have. So it's only six clothes that I have. So it's only six items that I have for this haul. They items that I have for this haul. They items that I have for this haul. They sent me a total of 12 items, but it was sent me a total of 12 items, but it was sent me a total of 12 items, but it was for two videos, so I had to break it up. for two videos, so I had to break it up. for two videos, so I had to break it up. Six and six. Yeah, so far I have wore Six and six. Yeah, so far I have wore Six and six. Yeah, so far I have wore some some of their items that they sent some some of their items that they sent some some of their items that they sent me to workout like you guys seen on my me to workout like you guys seen on my me to workout like you guys seen on my vacation prep. And it's actually very vacation prep. And it's actually very vacation prep. And it's actually very comfortable and breathable, which I comfortable and breathable, which I comfortable and breathable, which I appreciate because when you're in the appreciate because when you're in the appreciate because when you're in the gym, the last thing you want to be doing gym, the last thing you want to be doing gym, the last thing you want to be doing is working out on something that feels is working out on something that feels is working out on something that feels like it's so heavy on you and you feel like it's so heavy on you and you feel like it's so heavy on you and you feel like you can't breathe cuz you already like you can't breathe cuz you already like you can't breathe cuz you already feel like you can't breathe. feel like you can't breathe. feel like you can't breathe. I did finish my Gym Shark sponsorship I did finish my Gym Shark sponsorship I did finish my Gym Shark sponsorship and I went to the international grocery and I went to the international grocery and I went to the international grocery store real quick to pick up some store real quick to pick up some store real quick to pick up some seasonings that I was running out of. seasonings that I was running out of. seasonings that I was running out of. So, I got onion powder, garlic powder, So, I got onion powder, garlic powder, So, I got onion powder, garlic powder, chicken bullion, and some salt and some chicken bullion, and some salt and some chicken bullion, and some salt and some brown sugar, which were the things that brown sugar, which were the things that brown sugar, which were the things that I was running out of. My spice jars I was running out of. My spice jars I was running out of. My spice jars right now, they're running low. This is right now, they're running low. This is right now, they're running low. This is what she's looking like. Empty. Empty. what she's looking like. Empty. Empty. what she's looking like. Empty. Empty. Damn near empty. Empty. Damn near empty. Damn near empty. Empty. Damn near empty. Damn near empty. Empty. Damn near empty. Empty. Empty. Empty. Empty. Empty. Empty. Damn near empty. And yeah, she needs a Damn near empty. And yeah, she needs a Damn near empty. And yeah, she needs a restock. This is my brown sugar as well. restock. This is my brown sugar as well. restock. This is my brown sugar as well. Damn near empty. So, we're going to be Damn near empty. So, we're going to be Damn near empty. So, we're going to be doing a little kitchen restock. They'll doing a little kitchen restock. They'll doing a little kitchen restock. They'll be getting two refills at a time and be getting two refills at a time and be getting two refills at a time and then one wash. Two refills. One wash. then one wash. Two refills. One wash. then one wash. Two refills. One wash. Two refills. One wash. I was going to Two refills. One wash. I was going to Two refills. One wash. I was going to wash them now, but then that means I wash them now, but then that means I wash them now, but then that means I have to wait till tomorrow to refill have to wait till tomorrow to refill have to wait till tomorrow to refill them because I got to give them time to them because I got to give them time to them because I got to give them time to dry. You guys know that it's powder dry. You guys know that it's powder dry. You guys know that it's powder seasoning, so if you put it inside while seasoning, so if you put it inside while seasoning, so if you put it inside while it's wet, it's going to clump up, and I it's wet, it's going to clump up, and I it's wet, it's going to clump up, and I don't want that. And I also don't feel don't want that. And I also don't feel don't want that. And I also don't feel like waiting. So, yeah, let's do a like waiting. So, yeah, let's do a like waiting. So, yeah, let's do a little mini kitchen restock. >> [music] >> Oh >> [music] >> my god. >> my god. >> my god. >> [music] >> I am done doing my restock on my >> I am done doing my restock on my >> I am done doing my restock on my kitchen. I did a restock on Saon. As you kitchen. I did a restock on Saon. As you kitchen. I did a restock on Saon. As you guys seen, I only had a couple packs guys seen, I only had a couple packs guys seen, I only had a couple packs left. So, I wasn't able to fill up the left. So, I wasn't able to fill up the left. So, I wasn't able to fill up the whole jar, which is crazy cuz when I was whole jar, which is crazy cuz when I was whole jar, which is crazy cuz when I was at the grocery store, I was looking at at the grocery store, I was looking at at the grocery store, I was looking at it and I'm like, "Do I need it or not?" it and I'm like, "Do I need it or not?" it and I'm like, "Do I need it or not?" And I was like, "No, I don't need it. I And I was like, "No, I don't need it. I And I was like, "No, I don't need it. I should have got it." And I also need should have got it." And I also need should have got it." And I also need black pepper, which is something that black pepper, which is something that black pepper, which is something that wasn't even in my mind. at all. So, wasn't even in my mind. at all. So, wasn't even in my mind. at all. So, we'll be getting that whenever we make we'll be getting that whenever we make we'll be getting that whenever we make our way around to the grocery store our way around to the grocery store our way around to the grocery store again. Right now, it's like 10 11 again. Right now, it's like 10 11 again. Right now, it's like 10 11 something is it? Well, it's 10:58 about something is it? Well, it's 10:58 about something is it? Well, it's 10:58 about to be 11. And I'm in between reading my to be 11. And I'm in between reading my to be 11. And I'm in between reading my book, editing, or just relaxing and doom book, editing, or just relaxing and doom book, editing, or just relaxing and doom scrolling. I don't know what I want to scrolling. I don't know what I want to scrolling. I don't know what I want to do. I'm also getting tired, which is a good I'm also getting tired, which is a good I'm also getting tired, which is a good sign because recently I've been going to sign because recently I've been going to sign because recently I've been going to sleep at a good time. At least for me, sleep at a good time. At least for me, sleep at a good time. At least for me, I've been going to sleep around like 12, I've been going to sleep around like 12, I've been going to sleep around like 12, which is pretty good. For some people which is pretty good. For some people which is pretty good. For some people that might be late, but for me, somebody that might be late, but for me, somebody that might be late, but for me, somebody that used to go to sleep 4, 5, 6:00 in that used to go to sleep 4, 5, 6:00 in that used to go to sleep 4, 5, 6:00 in the morning, that is an amazing time. the morning, that is an amazing time. the morning, that is an amazing time. So, So, So, since we are actively getting back into since we are actively getting back into since we are actively getting back into routine, I'm just going to go ahead and routine, I'm just going to go ahead and routine, I'm just going to go ahead and edit because that's usually what I do on edit because that's usually what I do on edit because that's usually what I do on my day-to-day basics when I am in a my day-to-day basics when I am in a my day-to-day basics when I am in a routine and on goal mode. I usually edit routine and on goal mode. I usually edit routine and on goal mode. I usually edit in the night time. And honestly, I'm in the night time. And honestly, I'm in the night time. And honestly, I'm very proud of myself cuz I have been very proud of myself cuz I have been very proud of myself cuz I have been editing this vlog as I go rather than editing this vlog as I go rather than editing this vlog as I go rather than letting it all pop up and trying to edit letting it all pop up and trying to edit letting it all pop up and trying to edit it all in one day and then it don't it all in one day and then it don't it all in one day and then it don't happen. We're just going to go ahead and happen. We're just going to go ahead and happen. We're just going to go ahead and do what we're supposed to do. So, we're do what we're supposed to do. So, we're do what we're supposed to do. So, we're going to take our makeup off and put our going to take our makeup off and put our going to take our makeup off and put our PJs on to get real comfortable and then PJs on to get real comfortable and then PJs on to get real comfortable and then finish the night off with editing. >> [music] >> I'm going to go Red [music] brown papa. papa. papa. It is 1:40 right now and I'm about to It is 1:40 right now and I'm about to It is 1:40 right now and I'm about to call it a night. My iPad is currently on call it a night. My iPad is currently on call it a night. My iPad is currently on 5%. I did some editing. I made my 5%. I did some editing. I made my 5%. I did some editing. I made my raspberry leaf tea. This is good for raspberry leaf tea. This is good for raspberry leaf tea. This is good for your menstrual cycle. They say you're your menstrual cycle. They say you're your menstrual cycle. They say you're supposed to drink it like a week to a supposed to drink it like a week to a supposed to drink it like a week to a couple days leading up to it to help couple days leading up to it to help couple days leading up to it to help with cramps and stuff like that. So, I with cramps and stuff like that. So, I with cramps and stuff like that. So, I don't know if you guys remember the vlog don't know if you guys remember the vlog don't know if you guys remember the vlog that we bought this in, but it was a that we bought this in, but it was a that we bought this in, but it was a couple vlogs ago. This is my first time couple vlogs ago. This is my first time couple vlogs ago. This is my first time drinking it. Mine is around the corner, drinking it. Mine is around the corner, drinking it. Mine is around the corner, if not knocking at my door already. So, if not knocking at my door already. So, if not knocking at my door already. So, I'm going to let you guys know how it I'm going to let you guys know how it I'm going to let you guys know how it is. And I hate tea. That's a fun fact is. And I hate tea. That's a fun fact is. And I hate tea. That's a fun fact about me. I hate tea. I just hate it. I about me. I hate tea. I just hate it. I about me. I hate tea. I just hate it. I really only drink it when I'm sick and I really only drink it when I'm sick and I really only drink it when I'm sick and I never finish the tea. And and and that's never finish the tea. And and and that's never finish the tea. And and and that's forced. Like I forcely have to drink tea forced. Like I forcely have to drink tea forced. Like I forcely have to drink tea when I'm sick and that's like my last when I'm sick and that's like my last when I'm sick and that's like my last resort. I just don't like tea. I don't resort. I just don't like tea. I don't resort. I just don't like tea. I don't know what it is. It's just I don't know. know what it is. It's just I don't know. know what it is. It's just I don't know. But I'm going to try to finish this But I'm going to try to finish this But I'm going to try to finish this tonight before going to bed. It just tastes like It just tastes like It just tastes like like if I'm like just eating nature like if I'm like just eating nature like if I'm like just eating nature like. Anyways, I am going to be calling like. Anyways, I am going to be calling like. Anyways, I am going to be calling it a night and we are going to be ending it a night and we are going to be ending it a night and we are going to be ending this vlog here. Since this video was a this vlog here. Since this video was a this vlog here. Since this video was a getting back into a routine, more on the getting back into a routine, more on the getting back into a routine, more on the productive side, I want you guys to productive side, I want you guys to productive side, I want you guys to comment down below what's something that comment down below what's something that comment down below what's something that you've struggled with or are struggling you've struggled with or are struggling you've struggled with or are struggling with as you try to get back into a with as you try to get back into a with as you try to get back into a routine or just build a routine in routine or just build a routine in routine or just build a routine in general. I was live the other day and if general. I was live the other day and if general. I was live the other day and if you guys ever join any of my lives, you you guys ever join any of my lives, you you guys ever join any of my lives, you guys know that I'm usually very helpful, guys know that I'm usually very helpful, guys know that I'm usually very helpful, very informative because I get to answer very informative because I get to answer very informative because I get to answer you guys' question in real time and you guys' question in real time and you guys' question in real time and y'all told me that y'all want me to y'all told me that y'all want me to y'all told me that y'all want me to bring that over to YouTube a little bit. bring that over to YouTube a little bit. bring that over to YouTube a little bit. So, this is me trying to bring my So, this is me trying to bring my So, this is me trying to bring my helpful side to YouTube. So, make sure helpful side to YouTube. So, make sure helpful side to YouTube. So, make sure to comment that down below. And if I to comment that down below. And if I to comment that down below. And if I could help you, I will. And if I can't could help you, I will. And if I can't could help you, I will. And if I can't help you, then somebody else in our help you, then somebody else in our help you, then somebody else in our community will. But yeah, I hope you community will. But yeah, I hope you community will. But yeah, I hope you guys enjoy this video. If you did, don't guys enjoy this video. If you did, don't guys enjoy this video. If you did, don't forget to like, comment, subscribe, and forget to like, comment, subscribe, and forget to like, comment, subscribe, and while you're at it, make sure to click while you're at it, make sure to click while you're at it, make sure to click the bell so you can get notified every the bell so you can get notified every the bell so you can get notified every time I post another video. Don't forget time I post another video. Don't forget time I post another video. Don't forget to follow all of my other social medias, to follow all of my other social medias, to follow all of my other social medias, which will be linked in the description which will be linked in the description which will be linked in the description box down below. You guys see me once a box down below. You guys see me once a box down below. You guys see me once a week here, but Tik Tok and Instagram see week here, but Tik Tok and Instagram see week here, but Tik Tok and Instagram see me more often, so if you want to keep up me more often, so if you want to keep up me more often, so if you want to keep up with me, make sure to follow me on those with me, make sure to follow me on those with me, make sure to follow me on those two platforms. And please don't forget two platforms. And please don't forget two platforms. And please don't forget to comment down below what you guys want to comment down below what you guys want to comment down below what you guys want to see next because you already know to see next because you already know to see next because you already know what y I give. With that being said, y what y I give. With that being said, y what y I give. With that being said, y already know stay positive, stay cute, already know stay positive, stay cute, already know stay positive, stay cute, live your best life, keep God in your live your best life, keep God in your live your best life, keep God in your life, and I'll see you guys in my next life, and I'll see you guys in my next life, and I'll see you guys in my next YouTube video. Bye guys.