You don't know [music]
that the way I'm [singing] call back on
people again. [music]
Hi babies. Welcome back or welcome to my
channel. It's your girl Maya back at it
again with another bomass YouTube video.
Today it is Thursday, July 30th. It's
currently 7:34
p.m. And as you guys can tell by the
title, we are doing a little getting
back into a routine reset type of video.
Perfect timing because it's about to be
a new month. We are about to enter the
month of August. By the time you guys
see this, it will already be August. So,
happy August to everybody. I just got
back from vacation if you guys seen my
last vlog. But now it's time to get back
into routine because my body needs it,
my mind needs it, I need it. So,
starting off with doing a little package
unboxing. You guys have been loving when
I do these. This is the packages that I
came back to um from vacation. So, we're
going to unbox them together. First
being this cute capri set from the Tik
Tok shop. I got it in this cute purple
color. I love the color purple. The
little arms are also like capri arms.
It's like mid long sleeve, which I love.
And then you got the bottoms which are
capri bottoms and it's so cute. You guys
know I've been loving my capri. I
actually got capri on right now. They
have different colors of that set. I
just decided to get in purple because I
love that way that looks especially like
in the fall. I don't know. I just feel
like that type of purple goes perfect in
the fall and we literally about to be
we're around the corner from fall. The
next thing that I got is actually a
synthetic wig. This is a headband wig.
And I just got it because this is the
type of like wigs that I need when my
hair is not done. Like right now, I just
have this bun. When y'all see me with
this bun, just know that it's because my
hair is dirty. I got to wash it and I
have nothing else to do. But this is a
cute little synthetic headband wig. I've
been seeing a lot of people like promote
this on Tik Tok. And the hair honestly
is not as like bad as you think. I mean,
I feel like it looks synthetic cuz it's
super shiny. It doesn't feel as
synthetic as I thought it was, but this
is just for like a quick little like I'm
about to go some errands and I don't got
my hair done type of style. Like, you
know, you always just need you a little
quick little wig that you could just
grab and hold on. And I cried all the
tears, I could cry. If happiness is just
an illusion. The next thing that I got
is sticky bra. This is what it looks
like. Literally just like this. You
attach it on, right? You attach it on
the sides and then you clamp it on. So,
you know, like Yeah. Y know. Y know. It
also do bring this palette. So, you
could change out the stickiness. So,
after you've been using it for a while,
if you feel like it's starting not to
stick anymore, you could just take the
stickiness out and then it does bring
another one that you could put on. So,
you'll put it right here and lay it out.
Like, they make it real easy for you to
change it out. So, when I mention to you
guys that something is from the Tik Tok
shop, y'all can check out my Tik Tok
shop page. Usually, I'll have a video
with the product link. So, if you guys
are interested in any of the things that
I just showed you guys, y'all can head
over there. But the next two items that
we have, I'm actually excited to show
you guys because it is from Wayfair and
they are also sponsoring today's video.
So, thank you to Wayfair for sponsoring
this portion of today's video. And let
me show you guys the goodies that I
picked up. A lot of the furniture that I
have in my apartment is actually from
Wayfair. But today, we're going to focus
on the new items that I picked out.
Starting off with this gorgeous bowl set
of four. They do have different color
options for you to choose from, but I
decided to go with this gorgeous color
because I feel like it already goes with
the place that I have. and it also goes
with the vibe that I created in my
kitchen. I love how deep the bowls are.
You could literally eat everything and
anything from these bowls. They're super
functional, which is exactly what I was
looking for. The next thing that I
picked up is this cute like basket tray.
And we all know that fall is around the
corner. So, the vision that I have for
this is to create a gorgeous centerpiece
for my island table with different fall
decor to bring in that fall cozy vibe.
Not only can you use this for decor in
your house, but you could also use this
as a little picnic basket. If you're
going out to have a little nice date,
you could put all your food on here to
make it very cute and aesthetic, which
is something that I will be doing very
soon. As you guys know, Wafer has a lot
of different options that you could
choose from. Whether you're decorating
your kitchen, your bedroom, your
bathroom, your living room, dining
table, dining area, and everything
above, they have exactly what you need
with affordable prices and great
quality. You guys can get to the
official Wavefare website by scanning
this QR code that's in the screen and
also clicking the link that's in the
description box down below. Whether
you're refreshing a room, tackling a
home project, or just simply looking for
pieces that fit your style, Wfair has so
many great finds for every space and
budget. And thank you to Wayfair for
sponsoring this portion of today's
video.
Heat. Heat. [music]
Today is Saturday, August 1st, the first
of the month. I just finished doing my
calendar with my sponsorships and my
plans for this month. Like I tell you
guys all the time, if there's one thing
that you guys are going to take from my
video, get yourself a dry eraser
calendar and write everything that you
have to do that month, it helps you stay
10 times more organized and it makes
things easier because you're actually
physically seeing the things that you
have to do like in front of you. For me
personally, I keep it in my closet cuz
I'm always going to go in my closet to
look for my clothes so I know that I'm
going to see it every day. I am so
tired. I don't know why I'm tired. I
hate when I feel like this. Anyways,
today what I have to do is I'm finishing
up editing my YouTube video that's going
to be posted tomorrow, which is my
Dominican Republic vlog, which obviously
will already be up. So, if you guys
didn't tune in, make sure to tune in. I
just love my vacation vlogs, but I got
to finish editing that, but I'm probably
going to do that later on tonight. And I
want to clean. As far as cleaning, we
really don't have much to clean but just
laundry. I've been neglecting laundry. I
hate doing laundry. That's literally one
of my least favorite chores. I just hate
it. I just hate it so bad. I have some
clothes that was from the last time the
laundry was done in my closet on the
floor that I [clears throat] still have
not folded. I just literally been going
through it whenever I want to wear
something that's in there and just
picking it out and just leaving it on
the floor. Yep.
That's just me being honest with y'all.
And then my laundry room. Y'all don't
even know what y'all don't even want to
see. But y'all going to see it though.
Yeah, that's what we're [clears throat]
going to do today. We're going to stop
neglecting the laundry and do laundry.
So, how about we get our butts up right
now and let's go do some laundry.
Besides that, though, I don't really
have much to clean. Like, my room stays
pretty clean. I also have yet to unpack.
This is what my laundry room looks like.
So, we got to get this out of here. We
got to unpack our clothes, do laundry,
and then fold it. So, let's just let's
just let's just do it. At least all of
this clothes that's like up here, this
is clean from when I started to do
laundry and didn't finish it. So,
just the other day I [music] heard a
matter of fact with a face like this.
[ __ ] What could a ho say? The bag so
expensive my [ __ ] came with it. Body so
nice they be saying who did it. But
everything natural [music] actual
factual pissy in the streets but I [ __ ]
like an animal. All you hoes know who
the [ __ ] I am. From [music] your
boyfriend down to my Instagram to alled
ass hoes that you can't keep with. I bet
your jaw drop. You ever see me, [ __ ]
I'm her
her her. She she she she she
is me.
[music] Tell your friends this
her [music]
you and whatever that is, I'mma do it
better. Just see me in it playing. Catch
up [ __ ] looking like [music] dress up
on a [ __ ] Never. I don't even wear out
twice. That dy [ __ ] got a problem.
[music] Probably never met them. Tell
her I hated kids cheeks. out. But I'm
used to the Turt [music]
she she is me
I [music] e
giving me a pretty face. I eat hate
that's why I ain't got a way. The more
hoes hate more money I'mma make. And the
more [ __ ] talk [music] more [ __ ]
want to pay. Cuz I'm the most sick hoe.
So [ __ ] sick of me. No matter what
they do and say it, ain't no getting rid
of me. I come in every room and draw
attention [music] like a piece for a
long time.
Good afternoon. It is Sunday and I just
pulled up to the grocery store to do a
little bit of groceries. I am going to
be making bang bang shrimp with white
rice today and we have only a little bit
of shrimp and not enough mayonnaise to
make like the sauce. So, I have to come
to the grocery store to stack up on
that. But since I already got to come to
the grocery store, it just seems like a
waste of time to come for only two
things. So, I looked around and made a
little list. We're not getting that much
things. So, we need the shrimp,
mayonnaise, [music] cilantro, green
onion, red onions, chicken breast, milk,
green grapes, some lime, some lemon, and
then I'm going to get some ice cream.
So, that is all the things that we're
getting. Super simple. It's not going to
be like a big restock of groceries
because we're only missing like a couple
things, not a lot. We're on the last
load of laundry. Like, one is washing
and the other one is drying. And once
that's done, we'll be completely done
with laundry. I don't know if I'm gonna
show you guys me cooking or like cook
let y'all cook with me. I don't know. Do
y'all like when I do the segment videos?
I might just go live. I usually go live
when I cook and I haven't been live for
a minute. So, we might go live. But
yeah, let's go into the grocery store
real quick and get the things that we
need.
You have your load on the floor.
I'm back from the grocery store and we
really got everything that we went in
there to get except for like little
things that I got that was not on the
list. But hey, what can I say? I also
did pick up some toothpaste. I usually
use Crest. This is the Pro House. My
first time using this one. And then some
toothbrushes because it's time to throw
out my old one, replace it with new
ones. I'm excited to try these. They
look and smell so good. And my mom used
to buy these but like filled up with
apple pop like apple in the middle when
I always used to like strip the top and
only eat the top cuz I don't like like
when apple is like smooshed up like I
just don't like it. So I seen that these
were like empty like they didn't have no
filling. So I picked those up. chicken
breast that's already divided. Like it
comes in its own little individual seal
pouches because one thing about me is I
hate defrosting chicken and then I'm
only going to use like one or two
chicken breasts from the whole pack and
then I got to freeze it up again and
then I got to defrost it to be able to
break it up and freeze it up again. So
what I started to do was dividing them
by two into Ziploc bags every time that
I would buy them before I freeze them
up. But since I seen that these were
already prealed and decided to pick them
up. I also did stop at Dollar Tree
because the laundry bag that we have is
broken and we still be using it, but
it's annoying now. So, I went in there
to see if they had some. And I got
distracted and got some other things, of
course. So, my niece's birthday is
actually today, August 2nd. And she's
going to be coming down next weekend to
spend a week with us. And I am making
her like a little basket with like toys.
So, I decided to get this basket so she
could keep all of her toys that we've
been buying her in here. So then when
she comes over again, she'll have like
her little toy bag in my house. I
already have went to Marshalls the other
day or TJ Maxx, I think it was. I had
got her some other toys, some swimming
stuff for when she comes over cuz I know
she's going to want to go to the pool
and some clothes. But when I went in
there today, I seen that they also had
like little toys, and I totally be
forgetting that Dollar Tree has toys. So
again, I got this basket. This is where
all the toys are going to go. She's
getting more into like princess stuff
now. Now, I got her these little
coloring pages at her house. She has
like a little kitchen, the little plates
and stuff like that. So, I decided to
get her these little skillets basically
so she could play like cooking here as
well. And then I got her this little
chef. She also is into like the doctor
and stuff like the little um kids. She
has a lot of them at home. So, I got her
this one so she could have one here.
That is all the toys that I got. This is
the laundry bags that I found. These are
meshed ones. I don't know how long this
is going to last. probably not going to
last that long cuz they don't look like
that much of a good quality. I was
looking for the more sturdy ones, but
they didn't have those. So, I got me
some some hair ties. I like using these
hair ties rather than the skinnier ones
because it causes less breakage. Two
packs of AAA batteries because we always
need AAA batteries in this house. The
last thing that I got is some Airheads
Extreme Candy. I love these. But yeah,
that is all the things that I got from
Dollar Tree. So, now we're about to get
to Megan's food. Like I said, I'm
probably going to go live, speak to you
guys there.
When you guys see me pull out the hat,
you guys know that we're deep in the
trenches of hair depression. Well, I'm
not even going to say hair depression. I
don't like speaking I don't like to say
that word over my life. We're going to
say hair sadness. Like, I am starting to
get I feel it in my bones. is coming and
we got to do something about it. It is
currently I want to say 6 something, but
I just finished getting ready to go to
the gym. I don't feel like really going
to the gym at all. But it's Monday and
I'm working on acting based on what I
know is right for me and right for my
body rather than what I'm feeling
because a feeling is a feeling and it
comes and goes. You're going to feel
different things every second of the day
and you literally cannot live your life
based off feelings. So, even though I
don't feel like going to the gym, we're
going to go and we're going to start
doing cardio. I'm officially getting
back into solid core next week. Next
Monday to be specific. And I want to
just start going back to the gym at
least to do cardio for this week just so
like like warming up my body to go back
into tall. I've been feeling myself
falling into this funk and I think it's
because of my hair. Like no lie, I feel
like it's because I feel like [ __ ]
like and it's because my hair looks like
[ __ ] So, when we come back from the
gym, we're going to be washing my hair
and we're going to be doing my curly
hair routine so we could look like
something because instead of letting
myself fall into the funk and then
having to get myself out of the funk,
I'm just going to prevent myself from
falling into the funk. And it got to
start with ourselves. This vlog of us
getting back into routine and everything
also involves getting ourselves together
fitness-wise, healthwise, and lookwise.
Because once again, once you look good,
you feel good. And when you don't look
good, you don't feel good. And that's
where I'm at right now. So, we're going
to be taking care of ourselves. We're
going to go to the gym, hit some cardio,
and then we're going to come back, wash
this hair, and do our curly hair routine
so we could look like something. So, I'm
going to see you guys when we get to the
gym.
[ __ ] can't even see me [music]
bitching
[music] on you calling me dead on [ __ ]
turn it up like gas came out the swag
got a [ __ ] I'm a furno
they biting my
championship going into the living.
Fun fact, when me and my man first got
together, he dedicated this song to me
and he got me a blanket for our first
crystal together with our picture and
little song thing with this song. So,
like, I love this song. Don't mind my
wrinkled robe. I literally forgot that I
had this and I had to pull it out when I
seen that I had it. So, it's wrinkled.
But, we're about to get to doing my
curly hair routine. So, I showed you
guys my curly hair routine before, but
I'm going to show you guys again. Today
we don't have my Shea Moisture mask.
It's a mask, but I use it as a leave-in.
So, today we're going to be using
Garnier method for curls. It is a hair
mask, but I don't know. I like using my
hair mask. Well, some and I use it like
as a leave-in conditioner. And then, of
course, we're going to using my As I Am
leave-in conditioner. This one has more
of a jelly texture. That's why I also
like using like a cream texture. As far
as the water, this is the only thing
that's changed in my routine as far as
products. Instead of using regular water
to rewet my hair, I use the Jamaican
black Costa oil water from As I Am. And
then, of course, I use my Bounce Curl
define brush. This is what I use to
define my curls. So, the first thing I
do is divide
my hair. I go in with my water to rewet
it a little bit.
I'm going to be using only a little bit
of this. I don't have that much, so I
got to make it like
last throughout my whole head. This much
and just put it throughout my hair.
And then we go in with my as I Am
leave-in conditioner. I use like this
much. So, go with that.
Hold that. I'm going to curl through
first so it could get all the product.
And then I curl upwards
and [music] shake it. And that's how you
define your curls.
be
love.
I don't want you to leave. But if I got
time for you, then I got you. Want me
calling you [music] short? hugging the
FLunication.
It was a single conversation
[singing] with me. I just my leave in
the morning. I see that you get on it in
the [singing] morning [music]
when I finish. One of the common things
that I feel like people mistake is think
that you can put product in here like
this. This is dry. Like no, you got to
it got to be
If y'all didn't know, I had a young boy
face.
I just want to get you home. [music]
I am only one night. Have you feeling
[music] baby? I'mma please you. Ain't no
doubt about it. Think of all the things
we can [music] do. Throw me in the car
while I do what you said.
Take it from the bed to the sofa. Now
you sleep in a [music and singing] coma.
Now I want to focus. You can get it wet
like swimming in the ocean. Once you get
to the top, I like parting mine. I got
my crown. So I leave this much. The
middle is going to get I'm going do it
this way. And then the sides I'm going
to do it with this way. That's [music]
what gives you like that fro look. If
you do it, if you continue to go
backwards, your hair is going to lay
backwards. If you want it to lay like
all over, look, you got to do it this
way. [music] If you want it to the side,
they got to the side. Whatever.
Tell me why do you kind of love
you're my favorite. [music]
Why you got to move crazy? Why you got
to take so [music] long?
You're wasting my time. I'm out for you.
And we love each other, but what are we
doing?
Stop [music] the confusion. I have to
say
about
you. [music]
You were down so
we are done with 90% of our curly hair
routine. As you guys can see, I went in
with the diffuser. So, I like to go in
with medium heat at first, then cold
heat when I get like closer to my scalp,
then medium heat again to go like this
to it, and then cold heat again when I
get to dry out my scalp. The one thing
when you're diffusing that you want to
do is don't bring the diffuser to you.
You go to the diffuser. My hair is like
90% dry. It's still like a little moist
because of the product. We're going to
put it up and then tomorrow is when I
add some oil to it and I pick it out so
it could get bigger and I break up
whatever curls need to get broken up.
Another thing that I did switch up when
it comes to my hair routine or my curly
hair routine is how I put it up. Before
I used to put it in four pigtails or
three pigtails. Now I put it up with a
scarf. So I'm going to show you guys. So
you grab your scarf, fold it in half,
bring your hair, tie it. Make sure that
this is like over the curls. You're
going to grab your two pieces and tie
that to the back
of your hair.
This. And then you put your bonnet,
which I got to go find. So, let me go
find that. I'm going to put my bonnet
on. You just put your bonnet on
regularly. And then that's it. Go like
this. Put your bonnet on. And that's how
you go to sleep. We're going to go ahead
and also clean up this mess because it's
a mess here. This is what my bathroom
looks like. All of this I have my
clothes that I had on plus clothes that
I had on earlier. Like all this needs to
get cleaned up. So, we're going to go
ahead and clean that up now rather than
going to sleep and having [music] to
deal with it in the morning.
We don't know. [music]
Good afternoon. This is part two of my
curly hair routine. So, this is what she
looks like.
[laughter] This is what she looks like.
What you're going to need is pick and
some type of oil. The oil that I use is
the Matrix Food for Solve oil. I got
this as a PR I want to say like a year
and a half ago and I've been loving it
since. Definitely something that I will
be rebying. I like it cuz it's more of
like a thick oil. I don't know if you
guys
Jeez, what was that? It's more like a
thick oil.
So, I like it. I like to use it when my
hair is curly. Shake her up a little bit
there. We're going to put some oil
and just apply it all over our hair.
Stretch it out as much as we can.
I like to put more oil so then I could
go in and break up the curls that need
to get broken up.
We're going to go in with our pick. And
this is where the damage comes in. So, I
like big puffy hair. So, always want to
pick from the root. If you pick from the
middle, you're going to mess up your
curls. So, obviously, this is up to you.
Since I like my hair to be bigger, I
pick a lot.
This is what it looks like. So, like I
said, because I did my part on my crown,
this is what you're going to get. If you
want more like of actual middle part,
then you'll do a middle part and don't
part it exactly on your crown. You're
not going to be able to get this if you
do it all on the same day. So, let's say
if I would have washed my hair, done my
curly hair routine, and then picked it
out, it would have been like this
because I need time for my hair to like
100% dry before I get to go in and pick
it out. And my hair doesn't dry in one
day. I have to leave it overnight plus
some. So, if you want hair like this for
a specific day, make sure you do it the
day before or 2 days before and leave
your hair up. Yeah, this is the curly
hair routine. 2:45 right now. I'm about
to do my minimum makeup routine, like my
everyday makeup, and I'm going to film a
TikTok on it because I keep telling you
guys that I'm going to get more into
like the beauty side of content creation
and show you guys like my makeup
routine, lip combos, and all that cuz y
always asking for it. And I've showed
you guys on YouTube videos before, but I
don't think I've ever done a Tik Tok or
a real where you guys could just go back
and find it easily when y'all need it.
We're going to do a little bit like of a
content day. So, work day because that
is my job. We're going to film that
short-term content for Tik Tok and
Instagram. And then I have a Gym Shark
sponsorship to film. So, we're also
going to film that today. So, we're
going to do those two videos. And I'm
going to do like a little behind the
scenes. I'm about to get my tripod so we
can set up my phone. First of all,
before I do that, how much storage do I
have? If you know, you know. This is the
tripod that I'm going to be using.
Whenever I'm filming on my phone, I do
use the back camera. I just angle it.
Since I have my vanity right in front of
me, I just angle it to where I could see
myself from the mirror. You always got
to make sure you clean your camera. Even
if your camera is clean, always swipe
the lenses. Okay, this is what it looks
like. So, I have my camera facing me,
but I could see myself from the
reflection of the mirror. So I know that
I'm in the frame.
Crazy.
I cannot
wait. I go out of my way. [music]
I go out of my way to single and be
I know my
know
about [music] the [ __ ] big bank roll
my pockets all the I [music] Maybe it's
who I only want. I don't give a [ __ ] who
can't wait. She don't give a [ __ ] who
get the [ __ ] off. I'm trying to finish
this who I started with. I'm trying to
spend it all with [music] my queen hit
the beam.
Hey [music]
to the money I never let go. Hey baby
out the window to the money. I ain't
never let go.
And that's seen. We're done.
Now all I got to do is edit it, which is
super easy to edit my shortterm content.
Okay, now that the look is done, we are
about to start filming my Gym Shark
haul. So, since that's like a try on
haul, there's really no behind the
scenes.
There is no behind the scenes to film
because the behind the scenes is I don't
have no clothes on. So you guys will be
seeing the Gym Shark haul in my next
video. I think since I have to get my
sponsorship videos approved. I like to
do them a little early. These are the
clothes that I have. So it's only six
items that I have for this haul. They
sent me a total of 12 items, but it was
for two videos, so I had to break it up.
Six and six. Yeah, so far I have wore
some some of their items that they sent
me to workout like you guys seen on my
vacation prep. And it's actually very
comfortable and breathable, which I
appreciate because when you're in the
gym, the last thing you want to be doing
is working out on something that feels
like it's so heavy on you and you feel
like you can't breathe cuz you already
feel like you can't breathe.
I did finish my Gym Shark sponsorship
and I went to the international grocery
store real quick to pick up some
seasonings that I was running out of.
So, I got onion powder, garlic powder,
chicken bullion, and some salt and some
brown sugar, which were the things that
I was running out of. My spice jars
right now, they're running low. This is
what she's looking like. Empty. Empty.
Damn near empty. Empty. Damn near empty.
Empty.
Damn near empty. And yeah, she needs a
restock. This is my brown sugar as well.
Damn near empty. So, we're going to be
doing a little kitchen restock. They'll
be getting two refills at a time and
then one wash. Two refills. One wash.
Two refills. One wash. I was going to
wash them now, but then that means I
have to wait till tomorrow to refill
them because I got to give them time to
dry. You guys know that it's powder
seasoning, so if you put it inside while
it's wet, it's going to clump up, and I
don't want that. And I also don't feel
like waiting. So, yeah, let's do a
little mini kitchen restock.
Oh
my god.
I am done doing my restock on my
kitchen. I did a restock on Saon. As you
guys seen, I only had a couple packs
left. So, I wasn't able to fill up the
whole jar, which is crazy cuz when I was
at the grocery store, I was looking at
it and I'm like, "Do I need it or not?"
And I was like, "No, I don't need it. I
should have got it." And I also need
black pepper, which is something that
wasn't even in my mind. at all. So,
we'll be getting that whenever we make
our way around to the grocery store
again. Right now, it's like 10 11
something is it? Well, it's 10:58 about
to be 11. And I'm in between reading my
book, editing, or just relaxing and doom
scrolling. I don't know what I want to
do.
I'm also getting tired, which is a good
sign because recently I've been going to
sleep at a good time. At least for me,
I've been going to sleep around like 12,
which is pretty good. For some people
that might be late, but for me, somebody
that used to go to sleep 4, 5, 6:00 in
the morning, that is an amazing time.
So,
since we are actively getting back into
routine, I'm just going to go ahead and
edit because that's usually what I do on
my day-to-day basics when I am in a
routine and on goal mode. I usually edit
in the night time. And honestly, I'm
very proud of myself cuz I have been
editing this vlog as I go rather than
letting it all pop up and trying to edit
it all in one day and then it don't
happen. We're just going to go ahead and
do what we're supposed to do. So, we're
going to take our makeup off and put our
PJs on to get real comfortable and then
finish the night off with editing.
I'm going to go
Red [music] brown
papa.
It is 1:40 right now and I'm about to
call it a night. My iPad is currently on
5%. I did some editing. I made my
raspberry leaf tea. This is good for
your menstrual cycle. They say you're
supposed to drink it like a week to a
couple days leading up to it to help
with cramps and stuff like that. So, I
don't know if you guys remember the vlog
that we bought this in, but it was a
couple vlogs ago. This is my first time
drinking it. Mine is around the corner,
if not knocking at my door already. So,
I'm going to let you guys know how it
is. And I hate tea. That's a fun fact
about me. I hate tea. I just hate it. I
really only drink it when I'm sick and I
never finish the tea. And and and that's
forced. Like I forcely have to drink tea
when I'm sick and that's like my last
resort. I just don't like tea. I don't
know what it is. It's just I don't know.
But I'm going to try to finish this
tonight before going to bed.
It just tastes like
like if I'm like just eating nature
like. Anyways, I am going to be calling
it a night and we are going to be ending
this vlog here. Since this video was a
getting back into a routine, more on the
productive side, I want you guys to
comment down below what's something that
you've struggled with or are struggling
with as you try to get back into a
routine or just build a routine in
general. I was live the other day and if
you guys ever join any of my lives, you
guys know that I'm usually very helpful,
very informative because I get to answer
you guys' question in real time and
y'all told me that y'all want me to
bring that over to YouTube a little bit.
So, this is me trying to bring my
helpful side to YouTube. So, make sure
to comment that down below. And if I
could help you, I will. And if I can't
help you, then somebody else in our
community will. But yeah, I hope you
guys enjoy this video. If you did, don't
forget to like, comment, subscribe, and
while you're at it, make sure to click
the bell so you can get notified every
time I post another video. Don't forget
to follow all of my other social medias,
which will be linked in the description
box down below. You guys see me once a
week here, but Tik Tok and Instagram see
me more often, so if you want to keep up
with me, make sure to follow me on those
two platforms. And please don't forget
to comment down below what you guys want
to see next because you already know
what y I give. With that being said, y
already know stay positive, stay cute,
live your best life, keep God in your
life, and I'll see you guys in my next
YouTube video. Bye guys.
