Oh, Oh, Oh, tribal sir, tribal sir, tribal sir, tribalism is our homeland, that's why everyone tribalism is our homeland, that's why everyone tribalism is our homeland, that's why everyone gathers like that. There are gathers like that. There are gathers like that. There are thousands of changes in their lives. thousands of changes in their lives. thousands of changes in their lives. This is a beautiful time on earth. Let's all This is a beautiful time on earth. Let's all This is a beautiful time on earth. Let's all escape. Come back here. escape. Come back here. What's that injury? What's that injury? What's that injury? The tiger is jealous, sir. The tiger is jealous, sir. The tiger is jealous, sir. Tiger? Tiger? Tiger? Oh, my friend, Puliveshi, I'm so happy that my hand is Oh, my friend, Puliveshi, I'm so happy that my hand is Oh, my friend, Puliveshi, I'm so happy that my hand is bleeding.  Nail-biting bleeding.  Nail-biting bleeding.  Nail-biting poison arrow. poison arrow. poison arrow. Hey, better understand your language and try Hey, better understand your language and try Hey, better understand your language and try to control your cell. Understand to control your cell. Understand to control your cell. Understand Anaconda. Anaconda. Anaconda. Watch Titanic. Watch Jurassic Park. Watch a boat next door. Go to the wine Watch Titanic. Watch Jurassic Park. Watch a boat next door. Go to the wine shop next door. Don't go to Bad Boys. You're being told to escape and go home. Don't go far. Don't get caught. Police car. shop next door. Don't go to Bad Boys. You're being told to escape and go home. Don't go far. Don't get caught. Police car. shop next door. Don't go to Bad Boys. You're being told to escape and go home. Don't go far. Don't get caught. Police car. Police car.  Everything is watching, Police car.  Everything is watching, Police car.  Everything is watching, policeman, take your hand off the shirt policeman, take your hand off the shirt policeman, take your hand off the shirt .  This is the big Manmadharasa, the .  This is the big Manmadharasa, the .  This is the big Manmadharasa, the policeman. policeman. policeman. What kind of a simple man is the policeman in Tamil Nadu today? What kind of a simple man is the policeman in Tamil Nadu today? Police car, raise your hand, police car, Police car, raise your hand, police car, Police car, raise your hand, police car, police car.   I'll police car.   I'll tell you to let your leader know that you're like a damaged tank truck. tell you to let your leader know that you're like a damaged tank truck. tell you to let your leader know that you're like a damaged tank truck. What did you hear? What did you hear? What did you hear? Where is your leader?   Don't Where is your leader?   Don't Where is your leader?   Don't talk about him, policeman.   Why not talk about him, policeman.   Why not talk about him, policeman.   Why not ? ? ? Do you know what he did? Do you know what he did? Do you know what he did? What did he do? What did he do? What did he do? Turn around like this Turn around like this Turn around like this [screaming] Run Judy Joe, Judy Joe, Judy Joe, look at me look at me look at me [music] Hey Judy Joe, look at me Hey, what's up with the rice? Hey, what's up with the rice? Hey, what's up with the rice? Call all these people and come to my room and Call all these people and come to my room and tell your sister-in-law, I'll tell your sister-in-law, I'll tell your sister-in-law, I'll bite you.  This person is bite you.  This person is bite you.  This person is not doing all this insulting work.  These are not doing all this insulting work.  These are not doing all this insulting work.  These are all my friends. all my friends. all my friends. What is this quarter ticket or half ticket, What is this quarter ticket or half ticket, What is this quarter ticket or half ticket, your friend?  [Laughter] your friend?  [Laughter] your friend?  [Laughter] Go outside. Go outside. Go outside. Hey, even if I go outside, Hey, even if I go outside, Hey, even if I go outside, I have equal rights in this room.  Dad I have equal rights in this room.  Dad I have equal rights in this room.  Dad told me. told me. told me. What is that, a full moon, that's right? What is that, a full moon, that's right? What is that, a full moon, that's right? Now go and see. Now go and see. Now go and see. Sachin Tendulkar Sachin Tendulkar Sachin Tendulkar has come to this neighboring street.  I don't has come to this neighboring street.  I don't has come to this neighboring street.  I don't even have a good shirt to buy an autograph from him even have a good shirt to buy an autograph from him even have a good shirt to buy an autograph from him .  Push it all away and it will all fall apart .  Push it all away and it will all fall apart .  Push it all away and it will all fall apart .  This is another toy, .  This is another toy, .  This is another toy, brother, really Sachin, brother, really Sachin, brother, really Sachin, yes Sachin has come, and his sister yes Sachin has come, and his sister yes Sachin has come, and his sister Aishwarya Rai has come, they were shooting an ad film on the next street, and they Aishwarya Rai has come, they were shooting an ad film on the next street, and they both disappeared like lightning. Where is he? Where is he? Who is he? This economy is Where is he? Where is he? Who is he? This economy is Japan's economy. This economy is Japan's economy. This economy is the best economy. This economy is the Japan's economy. This economy is Japan's economy. This economy is the best economy. This economy is the best economy. This economy is Indian best economy. This economy is Indian best economy. This economy is Indian economy. economy. economy. Police Academy Part One Part 2. Did we Police Academy Part One Part 2. Did we Police Academy Part One Part 2. Did we fight on the street and fight on the street and fight on the street and come here to study like a good boy come here to study like a good boy come here to study like a good boy ?  Raska ?  Raska ?  Raska Akka Nammi is a police officer, Mommy. Akka Nammi is a police officer, Mommy. Akka Nammi is a police officer, Mommy. This is not a police station, this is our home. This is not a police station, this is our home. This is not a police station, this is our home. Since 6:00 in the morning, he has been sitting in his room, Since 6:00 in the morning, he has been sitting in his room, Since 6:00 in the morning, he has been sitting in his room, studying sincerely studying sincerely studying sincerely .  He went [laughter] .  He went [laughter] .  He went [laughter] Indian economy is always his economy. The Indian economy is always his economy. The first boy in this world who studies in a skirt will be your boy first boy in this world who studies in a skirt will be your boy first boy in this world who studies in a skirt will be your boy .   I .   I .   I thought to myself, "Let's tie my skirt." I did thought to myself, "Let's tie my skirt." I did n't recognize him in my eagerness to study. I n't recognize him in my eagerness to study. I n't recognize him in my eagerness to study. I lied and didn't believe anything he said. He just lied and didn't believe anything he said. He just jumped in from upstairs a while ago jumped in from upstairs a while ago jumped in from upstairs a while ago .  You've come like a curry to my train engine .  You've come like a curry to my train engine .  You've come like a curry to my train engine .   Is it .   Is it .   Is it all his work? all his work? Do you know that he left us stranded on the streets, saying that Sachin and Aishwarya Rai were shooting? Do you know that he left us stranded on the streets, saying that Sachin and Aishwarya Rai were shooting? Do you know that he left us stranded on the streets, saying that Sachin and Aishwarya Rai were shooting? I didn't say that, but I didn't say that, but I didn't say that, but Sachidananda Swamiji has Sachidananda Swamiji has Sachidananda Swamiji has come to the temple next door.  I told him that if he went and come to the temple next door.  I told him that if he went and come to the temple next door.  I told him that if he went and received blessings, he would find wealth received blessings, he would find wealth received blessings, he would find wealth . . What if you, realizing that it was Sachin, took an autorickshaw and went looking for Aishwarya? What if you, realizing that it was Sachin, took an autorickshaw and went looking for Aishwarya? What if you, realizing that it was Sachin, took an autorickshaw and went looking for Aishwarya? As Vadivel says, As Vadivel says, As Vadivel says, there is a small treasure.  Look, Dad. there is a small treasure.  Look, Dad. there is a small treasure.  Look, Dad. Hey, I'm just Hey, I'm just waiting for you to write all four Aryan papers and pass. waiting for you to write all four Aryan papers and pass. waiting for you to write all four Aryan papers and pass. That won't happen, you're just studying. That won't happen, you're just studying. That won't happen, you're just studying. He's just saying, "Kabadi, Kabadi." He's just saying, "Kabadi, Kabadi." Dad, I forgot all that a long time ago. If you don't Dad, I forgot all that a long time ago. If you don't Dad, I forgot all that a long time ago. If you don't believe me, ask believe me, ask believe me, ask your mother. your mother. your mother. Yes, no, Yes, no, my dear. I'm the one who my dear. I'm the one who my dear. I'm the one who talks a lot.  Did you go to Seppiya's house and talks a lot.  Did you go to Seppiya's house and talks a lot.  Did you go to Seppiya's house and play? play? play? Your father is not around, Your father is not around, Your father is not around, why am I telling you this? It's just food, why am I telling you this? It's just food, why am I telling you this? It's just food, man. Your father also buys you man. Your father also buys you man. Your father also buys you every dinosaur shape for revenge, every dinosaur shape for revenge, every dinosaur shape for revenge, uncle [laughter]. You're uncle [laughter]. You're uncle [laughter]. You're not going to be a sokka today. not going to be a sokka today. not going to be a sokka today. Your father's party is confusing Your father's party is confusing Your father's party is confusing everyone everyone everyone .   I'll tell you what kind of .   I'll tell you what kind of .   I'll tell you what kind of great power Vijayakantha has in his heart. I'll tell you what I great power Vijayakantha has in his heart. I'll tell you what I think, think, think, but your father is a very good policeman but your father is a very good policeman but your father is a very good policeman .   We have been .   We have been .   We have been following you for 24 hours following you for 24 hours following you for 24 hours .  How are you coping with that?   Did .  How are you coping with that?   Did .  How are you coping with that?   Did that guy do divers without speaking? that guy do divers without speaking? that guy do divers without speaking? Oh my god, Oh my god, Oh my god, aunty, I've been having a hard time for a long time. aunty, I've been having a hard time for a long time. You answer the question I ask respectfully.  Does your father You answer the question I ask respectfully.  Does your father You answer the question I ask respectfully.  Does your father only put kanji on the dress, or does he only put kanji on the dress, or does he only put kanji on the dress, or does he take out the four lots?  Why does he take out the four lots?  Why does he take out the four lots?  Why does he look so different?   He's going to be gone for look so different?   He's going to be gone for look so different?   He's going to be gone for a day.   " a day.   " a day.   " Brother, Brother, Brother, have you forgotten what I was going to tell you?" Kada have you forgotten what I was going to tell you?" Kada have you forgotten what I was going to tell you?" Kada Kumara gets another jolt and extends it. Kumara gets another jolt and extends it. Kumara gets another jolt and extends it. Then the Then the Then the police intervened in our mother's liquor case, my dear police intervened in our mother's liquor case, my dear police intervened in our mother's liquor case, my dear .   Don't .   Don't .   Don't worry about him.  I'm not the only one who has a worry about him.  I'm not the only one who has a worry about him.  I'm not the only one who has a terrible culture in the match.  Well, it's up to terrible culture in the match.  Well, it's up to terrible culture in the match.  Well, it's up to you to decide tomorrow's match you to decide tomorrow's match you to decide tomorrow's match . . . He will have a terrible time helping us, He will have a terrible time helping us, Dad, is he a wrong number, wrong Dad, is he a wrong number, wrong Dad, is he a wrong number, wrong number, wrong friends, my number, wrong friends, my number, wrong friends, my son is a Tendulkar in cricket, son is a Tendulkar in cricket, son is a Tendulkar in cricket, a joy in chess, I can proudly say. a joy in chess, I can proudly say. It seems that Poruki and Pasanga are also playing kabaddi together.  Did It seems that Poruki and Pasanga are also playing kabaddi together.  Did It seems that Poruki and Pasanga are also playing kabaddi together.  Did you read the names of your friends? you read the names of your friends? What is the name of the Discovery Channel you were talking about?  What the hell, I'm so tired of being cut off.   There's nothing hell, I'm so tired of being cut off.   There's nothing hell, I'm so tired of being cut off.   There's nothing else, Aunty, tomorrow morning at 11 am, else, Aunty, tomorrow morning at 11 am, else, Aunty, tomorrow morning at 11 am, you're going to have a great time at the Ambedkar match you're going to have a great time at the Ambedkar match you're going to have a great time at the Ambedkar match .  Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi .  Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi .  Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Mama, you brought your phone to your dad Mama, you brought your phone to your dad Mama, you brought your phone to your dad .   Hey, .   Hey, .   Hey, Arnold, give up the title Arnold, give up the title Arnold, give up the title . . . I'm your father speaking. I'm your father speaking. I'm your father speaking. I am your father.  Oh, please put Telugu in the I am your father.  Oh, please put Telugu in the I am your father.  Oh, please put Telugu in the title. title. I will kill you if I can get my hands on you, Raska. I will kill you if I can get my hands on you, Raska. I will kill you if I can get my hands on you, Raska. Which fox? Which fox? Which fox? Sad fox. Sad fox. Sad fox. Why sir, tomorrow morning at 11 am at Why sir, tomorrow morning at 11 am at Why sir, tomorrow morning at 11 am at Ambedkar Ground, Kabaddi Hey Race Snake Alara Race Snake Alara Race Snake Alara Chop Stop, what lip is moving? Chop Stop, what lip is moving? Chop Stop, what lip is moving? One or the other, one or the other, this is One or the other, one or the other, this is One or the other, one or the other, this is Madam's concentration work, this is Madam's concentration work, this is Madam's concentration work, this is Oma Kamnu Ukaranum.   Listen Oma Kamnu Ukaranum.   Listen Oma Kamnu Ukaranum.   Listen to what Sami says, you have to to what Sami says, you have to to what Sami says, you have to study well, right? Okay, okay, study well, right? Okay, okay, concentration. This is it. Let's concentration. This is it. Let's concentration. This is it. Let's [shouting] start. [shouting] start. [shouting] start. The match is going on in a very tough manner. Who is going to The match is going on in a very tough manner. Who is going to The match is going on in a very tough manner. Who is going to win? The Killi team or the win? The Killi team or the win? The Killi team or the Tiger team? Next right? [ Tiger team? Next right? [ Tiger team? Next right? [ shouting] Kabadi   There will be no [laughter] Look, what's there? Take some ghee and buy it. what's there? Take some ghee and buy it. what's there? Take some ghee and buy it. What are you doing here? Sit down, sit down, sit down. What are you doing here? Sit down, sit down, sit down. What are you doing here? Sit down, sit down, sit down. Your Your Your son will go. son will go. [shouting] Take some ghee, come, take   Should I go? Is that the I go? Is that the I go? Is that the end of it? What do you say?   I end of it? What do you say?   I end of it? What do you say?   I say no. say no. say no. I don't need to respect anyone who doesn't respect my family I don't need to respect anyone who doesn't respect my family I don't need to respect anyone who doesn't respect my family . . . No, you don't respect it.  What are you doing No, you don't respect it.  What are you doing No, you don't respect it.  What are you doing ? ? ? You go.  My mother has an important You go.  My mother has an important You go.  My mother has an important job, so I won't go. If job, so I won't go. If no one from our house goes to that wedding, they'll think it's their fault. It's too no one from our house goes to that wedding, they'll think it's their fault. It's too no one from our house goes to that wedding, they'll think it's their fault. It's too loud. Velu went and got an loud. Velu went and got an loud. Velu went and got an attendant. Do attendant. Do attendant. Do n't worry, what kind of parliament is this? It's like what kind of parliament is this? It's like what kind of parliament is this? It's like shouting like this. It's just a matter of writing four papers shouting like this. It's just a matter of writing four papers shouting like this. It's just a matter of writing four papers .  Let the children .  Let the children .  Let the children study without any worries. study without any worries. study without any worries. Velu, tell me yourself, did anyone from my parents' Velu, tell me yourself, did anyone from my parents' Velu, tell me yourself, did anyone from my parents' family come to their 60th wedding family come to their 60th wedding family come to their 60th wedding ? ? ? Why didn't you come, Dad, you came late to me Why didn't you come, Dad, you came late to me Why didn't you come, Dad, you came late to me .   Is it .   Is it .   Is it his brother's daughter's wedding now? his brother's daughter's wedding now? his brother's daughter's wedding now? Should I go to Trichy for that? Should I go to Trichy for that? Should I go to Trichy for that? I wonder how that is possible?  Did I wonder how that is possible?  Did I wonder how that is possible?  Did she tell anyone not to step on the door of the house? she tell anyone not to step on the door of the house? she tell anyone not to step on the door of the house? Hey, what are you doing, are you supporting your mother or Hey, what are you doing, are you supporting your mother or Hey, what are you doing, are you supporting your mother or not? I'm just saying that not? I'm just saying that not? I'm just saying that I know how much my mother's grandfather and grandmother must have hurt her mentally. I'll remember that I know how much my mother's grandfather and grandmother must have hurt her mentally. I'll remember that I know how much my mother's grandfather and grandmother must have hurt her mentally. I'll remember that incident right before my eyes. As incident right before my eyes. As incident right before my eyes. As for me, not for me, not for me, not even a single person from this house should go to that wedding. even a single person from this house should go to that wedding. even a single person from this house should go to that wedding. Okay, okay, whatever it is, just speak quietly. Okay, okay, whatever it is, just speak quietly. Okay, okay, whatever it is, just speak quietly. I have to study. I have to study. I have to study. You go and study, don't you?   He doesn't know You go and study, don't you?   He doesn't know what my book is, so he bought it for me, and now what my book is, so he bought it for me, and now he doesn't know what Poovi's book is. he doesn't know what Poovi's book is. he doesn't know what Poovi's book is. If you know, just go and If you know, just go and If you know, just go and study, sir. Brother, Brother, Brother, brother, we have been selected for the semi-finals brother, we have been selected for the semi-finals brother, we have been selected for the semi-finals .   We will .   We will .   We will go to Madurai on the 18th go to Madurai on the 18th go to Madurai on the 18th to play a match.  Sir, I'm going to to play a match.  Sir, I'm going to to play a match.  Sir, I'm going to tell you to go and play a tell you to go and play a tell you to go and play a match in Madurai on the 18th. Hey, match in Madurai on the 18th. Hey, how many how many how many times have I told you that I have an important conference on the 18th? times have I told you that I have an important conference on the 18th? times have I told you that I have an important conference on the 18th? What should I do? What should I do? What should I do? Dad, I went and Dad, I went and Dad, I went and thought about it 12 times for a minute and it seemed to me that what you thought about it 12 times for a minute and it seemed to me that what you thought about it 12 times for a minute and it seemed to me that what you said was correct. said was correct. Someone from our house has to go to the wedding in Trichy on the 18th.   I'm Someone from our house has to go to the wedding in Trichy on the 18th.   I'm telling you the truth, I suddenly don't have the support to support my father. telling you the truth, I suddenly don't have the support to support my father. I I I told him then that he had told me not to step on the door of the house without permission.  But now, what is Thiruvalluvar saying? He has told him then that he had told me not to step on the door of the house without permission.  But now, what is Thiruvalluvar saying? He has said that if he did this, he would have done something good for himself.  If you do as this person says, the whole said that if he did this, he would have done something good for himself.  If you do as this person says, the whole said that if he did this, he would have done something good for himself.  If you do as this person says, the whole world will suffer. world will suffer. world will suffer. Okay, Velu, I'll go and come back myself. Okay, Velu, I'll go and come back myself. Okay, Velu, I'll go and come back myself. How can you go? They insulted you. How can you go? They insulted you. Yes or no, yes or no. Yes or no, yes or no. Yes or no, yes or no. Just Just Just say something. say something. say something. Yes, only. Yes, only. Yes, only. However, someone has to leave our house However, someone has to leave our house However, someone has to leave our house .  If they send a child to Buwanawa, they .  If they send a child to Buwanawa, they can't tell who is sending them for what.  It's can't tell who is sending them for what.  It's can't tell who is sending them for what.  It's impossible. impossible. impossible. I didn't say anything, I just I didn't say anything, I just I didn't say anything, I just said it now, said it now, I said I didn't say anything, I said I didn't say anything, I said I didn't say anything, that's what I said, you that's what I said, you that's what I said, you idiot, idiot, what are you doing going to the wedding yourself? what are you doing going to the wedding yourself? what are you doing going to the wedding yourself? 17 There 16 Here 18 It's impossible Not possible 17 There 16 Here 18 It's impossible Not possible 17 There 16 Here 18 It's impossible Not possible At all That's all for At all That's all for At all That's all for nothing Send him alone nothing Send him alone nothing Send him alone Hey you go Hey you go Hey you go What are you talking about You're stuck I'll go and What are you talking about You're stuck I'll go and What are you talking about You're stuck I'll go and join you. join you. join you. Mix it up, kabaddi kabaddi kabaddi kabaddi Mix it up, kabaddi kabaddi kabaddi kabaddi Mix it up, kabaddi kabaddi kabaddi kabaddi Velu Jacket Velu Jacket Velu Jacket Hey, what a little kid he is, Hey, what a little kid he is, Hey, what a little kid he is, doesn't he know? doesn't he know? doesn't he know? Time is running out, I'm Time is running out, I'm Time is running out, I'm going to a wedding, why bother with books? going to a wedding, why bother with books? going to a wedding, why bother with books? It's a six-hour journey to Trichy. Why waste that It's a six-hour journey to Trichy. Why waste that It's a six-hour journey to Trichy. Why waste that time? I'll just take them with me and time? I'll just take them with me and study for the Ariya exam right away.   Is all study for the Ariya exam right away.   Is all study for the Ariya exam right away.   Is all this too much?  I ca this too much?  I ca this too much?  I ca n't.  Is there no one here to listen to him?   Please do me a n't.  Is there no one here to listen to him?   Please do me a n't.  Is there no one here to listen to him?   Please do me a favor and adopt someone favor and adopt someone favor and adopt someone .  Otherwise, take them to the nursing .  Otherwise, take them to the nursing .  Otherwise, take them to the nursing home.   Is home.   Is home.   Is that a nursing home for the elderly, Father that a nursing home for the elderly, Father that a nursing home for the elderly, Father ?  Children's shelter.   I've always been ?  Children's shelter.   I've always been suspicious of Andy whenever I see him.  Then suspicious of Andy whenever I see him.  Then suspicious of Andy whenever I see him.  Then Velu and your father Velu and your father Velu and your father will be very close, even if they are just friends.  They said they would be will be very close, even if they are just friends.  They said they would be will be very close, even if they are just friends.  They said they would be a little more generous. Why does my father always Why does my father always Why does my father always talk badly about his relatives? talk badly about his relatives? talk badly about his relatives? They are all very good people. They are all very good people. They are all very good people. No, No, No, she has no other job. she has no other job. she has no other job. Put it on, put it on.  You are responsible for the expenses. Put it on, put it on.  You are responsible for the expenses. Put it on, put it on.  You are responsible for the expenses. Spend ₹100 or so.  If you Spend ₹100 or so.  If you Spend ₹100 or so.  If you see this cat drinking, see this cat drinking, see this cat drinking, you'll be drinking the same cat.  Is this why there's so much you'll be drinking the same cat.  Is this why there's so much you'll be drinking the same cat.  Is this why there's so much build-up? build-up? build-up? What? What? What? Okay, okay, I'll come. Okay, okay, I'll come. Okay, okay, I'll come. Hey, Hey, Hey, what is it?   Do what is it?   Do what is it?   Do n't forget this and fight. n't forget this and fight. n't forget this and fight. What is this? What is this? What is this? Gift silver jug.  Your father Gift silver jug.  Your father Gift silver jug.  Your father searched hard for it and bought it. searched hard for it and bought it. searched hard for it and bought it. Price 8000 rupees. Price 8000 rupees. Price 8000 rupees. You can do it by stabbing it.  Don't be afraid to make a pot, You can do it by stabbing it.  Don't be afraid to make a pot, You can do it by stabbing it.  Don't be afraid to make a pot, bring a pot, a pot of water, a pot of water, a pot of water, bring a pot, a pot of water, a pot of water, a pot of water, what is what is what is this? Write only your father's name on the note, this? Write only your father's name on the note, this? Write only your father's name on the note, or write your name as well. Write or write your name as well. Write or write your name as well. Write a lot of names, a lot of names, a lot of names, write a lot of names. There is no write a lot of names. There is no write a lot of names. There is no rain in the country, there is no agriculture. The rain in the country, there is no agriculture. The rain in the country, there is no agriculture. The poor are suffering without water, but poor are suffering without water, but how come only your gang keeps getting water? how come only your gang keeps getting water? how come only your gang keeps getting water? As long as you are in trouble, we have As long as you are in trouble, we have As long as you are in trouble, we have money in our hands. If we all become money in our hands. If we all become money in our hands. If we all become lazy, lazy, lazy, we will go to Rajasthan. we will go to Rajasthan. we will go to Rajasthan. Can we start the concert soon? Can we start the concert soon? Can we start the concert soon? Hey, indigenous people, oppressed people.   Please, Velu .  Hit it well.  I didn't .  Hit it well.  I didn't .  Hit it well.  I didn't go to the wedding, but you're determined to eat and lick it. go to the wedding, but you're determined to eat and lick it. Beat me until you're done. It's as if I've heard everything you've said. They say that only a child can understand a father's mind. Why don't you stop talking? It's not time to play. Dad, the reason I didn't go to the wedding is because you're asking me how this biscuit is in this place. How did you catch it? I was on the train, Beat me until you're done. It's as if I've heard everything you've said. They say that only a child can understand a father's mind. Why don't you stop talking? It's not time to play. Dad, the reason I didn't go to the wedding is because you're asking me how this biscuit is in this place. How did you catch it? I was on the train, Beat me until you're done. It's as if I've heard everything you've said. They say that only a child can understand a father's mind. Why don't you stop talking? It's not time to play. Dad, the reason I didn't go to the wedding is because you're asking me how this biscuit is in this place. How did you catch it? I was on the train, studying. studying. studying. Someone from the opposite side came up to me and started Someone from the opposite side came up to me and started Someone from the opposite side came up to me and started talking.  I also talking.  I also talking.  I also talked to him.  In return, he talked to him.  In return, he talked to him.  In return, he gave me this biscuit. gave me this biscuit. gave me this biscuit. You You You buy biscuits from Kandavan and eat them no matter what. buy biscuits from Kandavan and eat them no matter what. buy biscuits from Kandavan and eat them no matter what. He was as decent as his father, I guess He was as decent as his father, I guess He was as decent as his father, I guess . . . Okay, okay, so what happened?   I Okay, okay, so what happened?   I only remember eating one biscuit from this.  I was only remember eating one biscuit from this.  I was standing alone at Tirunelveli station, blinded by the light.   I standing alone at Tirunelveli station, blinded by the light.   I can't believe I was standing at Tirunelveli station. can't believe I was standing at Tirunelveli station. can't believe I was standing at Tirunelveli station. Okay, I was just kidding.  That's what's Okay, I was just kidding.  That's what's Okay, I was just kidding.  That's what's important now.  Emma, ​​I always ask, " important now.  Emma, ​​I always ask, " important now.  Emma, ​​I always ask, " Is there a pigeon?" Is there a pigeon?" Is there a pigeon?" Tell me if she's like that. Tell me if she's like that. Tell me if she's like that. Where did you leave it? Where did you leave it? Where is that silver shop at Tirunelveli station? Where is that silver shop at Tirunelveli station? Why are you going to school at this time of day?   There is no Why are you going to school at this time of day?   There is no Why are you going to school at this time of day?   There is no school, there is no silverware. school, there is no silverware. school, there is no silverware. Silver Hall, yes, silver hall, Silver Hall, yes, silver hall, Silver Hall, yes, silver hall, you are welcome.  That silver is the you are welcome.  That silver is the you are welcome.  That silver is the silversmith.  Oh, what's the point of silversmith.  Oh, what's the point of silversmith.  Oh, what's the point of that now? that now? that now? Dad, I'm thinking.  [Laughter] Dad, I'm thinking.  [Laughter] Dad, I'm thinking.  [Laughter] I'm thinking.  You I'm thinking.  You I'm thinking.  You need to think more about it than just saying what happened.  He came to this mess and need to think more about it than just saying what happened.  He came to this mess and need to think more about it than just saying what happened.  He came to this mess and mixed it with that biscuit, and mixed it with that biscuit, and he hit that silver jug ​​to make it work.   Did he hit that silver jug ​​to make it work.   Did he hit that silver jug ​​to make it work.   Did you file a complaint with the railway police? you file a complaint with the railway police? you file a complaint with the railway police? This is a good question. This is a good question. This is a good question. Hey, answer me. Hey, answer me. Hey, answer me. A police officer is a boy. A police officer is a boy. What a What a What a shame it would be for my father if I went and complained about plagiarism.  Oh, Dad, I still ca shame it would be for my father if I went and complained about plagiarism.  Oh, Dad, I still ca shame it would be for my father if I went and complained about plagiarism.  Oh, Dad, I still ca n't believe it.  There's only one way to make them believe n't believe it.  There's only one way to make them believe n't believe it.  There's only one way to make them believe .  Was everything I said true then?   Is it .  Was everything I said true then?   Is it .  Was everything I said true then?   Is it true, Bhuvana? true, Bhuvana? true, Bhuvana? Oh, no, no, no, no Oh, no, no, no, no Oh, no, no, no, no .  I swore .  I swore .  I swore to my grandmother that I would come to the State First. to my grandmother that I would come to the State First. to my grandmother that I would come to the State First. Oh my god, grandma and grandpa, can't we just Oh my god, grandma and grandpa, can't we just swear by the truth? swear by the truth? swear by the truth? Oh Oh Oh my God, my God, my God, what is this, Papa? My what is this, Papa? My what is this, Papa? My mother is my beloved. mother is my beloved. mother is my beloved. Complain to your father and he will find it and give it to you Complain to your father and he will find it and give it to you Complain to your father and he will find it and give it to you . . . No, you took it. No, you took it. No, you took it. Hey hey hey. Hey hey hey. Hey hey hey. What's up, Mom?  This guy stole my money What's up, Mom?  This guy stole my money What's up, Mom?  This guy stole my money .  It's okay for a policeman to steal .  It's okay for a policeman to steal .  It's okay for a policeman to steal .  Andy preaches too much, he also .  Andy preaches too much, he also .  Andy preaches too much, he also gets into fights, so whenever gets into fights, so whenever gets into fights, so whenever you see him, you're welcome, you're welcome, you're welcome Okay, okay, I'll call you later. Where is Puri from here? Where is Puri from here? Where is Puri from here? Very sad, I can't make you a Puri yet Very sad, I can't make you a Puri yet Very sad, I can't make you a Puri yet . . . Hey, I saw it. Hey, I saw it. You've been used to wearing khaki for 24 hours, and no matter what you look at, it looks like a khaki-colored Puri.  It You've been used to wearing khaki for 24 hours, and no matter what you look at, it looks like a khaki-colored Puri.  It You've been used to wearing khaki for 24 hours, and no matter what you look at, it looks like a khaki-colored Puri.  It was like a fire. was like a fire. was like a fire. Oh my, you're not the one who Oh my, you're not the one who Oh my, you're not the one who said, "Look at her, look at her," and then ate 12 said, "Look at her, look at her," and then ate 12 said, "Look at her, look at her," and then ate 12 pooris and sat there like a bulldozer pooris and sat there like a bulldozer pooris and sat there like a bulldozer . . . Bring the puri, Bring the puri, Bring the puri, oh father, all the puri is gone. oh father, all the puri is gone. oh father, all the puri is gone. Mom, please give me that old sot, I'm so Mom, please give me that old sot, I'm so Mom, please give me that old sot, I'm so hungry. hungry. hungry. You're welcome, my mother's preparation my mother's preparation my mother's preparation looks great. Eat it.  Come on, eat and drink some water. I'm a [ __ ]. What's the noise here? Let me bring you some What's the noise here? Let me bring you some What's the noise here? Let me bring you some water. water. water. No, no, I won't. I'll come myself. I'll bring you some water. You No, no, I won't. I'll come myself. I'll bring you some water. You have to drink some water here. It wouldn't be have to drink some water here. It wouldn't be respectful to drink water in front of Mom and Dad. respectful to drink water in front of Mom and Dad. respectful to drink water in front of Mom and Dad. I'll go inside and drink it. I'll go inside and drink it. I'll go inside and drink it. Let it be a joke, what kind of hiccup Let it be a joke, what kind of hiccup Let it be a joke, what kind of hiccup sound is that? Is it different? It makes a double-double sound. sound is that? Is it different? It makes a double-double sound. sound is that? Is it different? It makes a double-double sound. Look, even when you laugh, Look, even when you laugh, Look, even when you laugh, you make a double-double sound.  This is called Echo.  If the Vastu is not you make a double-double sound.  This is called Echo.  If the Vastu is not you make a double-double sound.  This is called Echo.  If the Vastu is not correct, it should be changed. correct, it should be changed. correct, it should be changed. Can I rent this house? Can I rent this house? Can I rent this house? Hey, this is a government quota, right?  Hey Velu, are Hey, this is a government quota, right?  Hey Velu, are Hey, this is a government quota, right?  Hey Velu, are you still sleeping?  It's you still sleeping?  It's you still sleeping?  It's eight o'clock, Entrida. eight o'clock, Entrida. Look how he sleeps, curled up.  Velu came in and drank coffee. Everything is thrown everywhere.   If Everything is thrown everywhere.   If Everything is thrown everywhere.   If you ask me, I'll just sit around and you ask me, I'll just sit around and watch a movie or something like that, and just talk. Mom, please read my mirror and Mom, please read my mirror and Mom, please read my mirror and ask me everything. Mom, what's up, Mom, what's up, Mom, what's up, mom, come here and see, will you drink strong coffee and go mom, come here and see, will you drink strong coffee and go mom, come here and see, will you drink strong coffee and go back to sleep? back to sleep? back to sleep? Oh my What's up, Raja? Maruthamali Maruthamali Maruthamali Muruga, what's up, Muruga, Maruthamali, my dear, Muruga, is it your duty to protect the family of the gods? What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, duty to protect the family of the gods? What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, duty to protect the family of the gods? What's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, you don't have you don't have you don't have Thaipusam today, you do Thaipusam today, you do Thaipusam today, you do n't have Thaipusam today, n't have Thaipusam today, n't have Thaipusam today, that's why I said I don't have Thaipusam, that's why I said I don't have Thaipusam, that's why I said I don't have Thaipusam, can you forget Muruga for that?  Never, jattu can you forget Muruga for that?  Never, jattu can you forget Muruga for that?  Never, jattu kudu sandalwood, jattu kudu sandalwood, gin chakka gin chakka gin jakka gin jakka, kudu sandalwood, jattu kudu sandalwood, gin chakka gin chakka gin jakka gin jakka, mom, where did you get my pink dress? It's in mom, where did you get my pink dress? It's in mom, where did you get my pink dress? It's in his pocket. his pocket. his pocket. Why should I Why should I Why should I take my dress?  My mother said that there are no dresses here, the take my dress?  My mother said that there are no dresses here, the take my dress?  My mother said that there are no dresses here, the pink blouse is in the bathroom. pink blouse is in the bathroom. You don't have any dresses, you just want You don't have any dresses, you just want You don't have any dresses, you just want to wear a pink blouse. Come on, to wear a pink blouse. Come on, to wear a pink blouse. Come on, okay? okay? okay? [Screaming] There's nothing here. You're going to be too busy. here. You're going to be too busy. here. You're going to be too busy. Velu, Velu, Velu, what are you doing? There's nothing there. You have to do what are you doing? There's nothing there. You have to do two things in the morning without fail two things in the morning without fail two things in the morning without fail . . . It's good for us to bow down to the Lord It's good for us to bow down to the Lord It's good for us to bow down to the Lord .  I need to take a bath.  It's .  I need to take a bath.  It's .  I need to take a bath.  It's good for all of us who are in need. good for all of us who are in need. good for all of us who are in need. Go take a shower, have Go take a shower, have Go take a shower, have you learned to speak properly? you learned to speak properly? you learned to speak properly? Hey, you look like a pretty girl, you Hey, you look like a pretty girl, you Hey, you look like a pretty girl, you look like a doll, you look like a girl look like a doll, you look like a girl look like a doll, you look like a girl sitting inside. sitting inside. sitting inside. Yes, I'm the one who brought a girl and Yes, I'm the one who brought a girl and Yes, I'm the one who brought a girl and hid her under a doll.  Go and hid her under a doll.  Go and hid her under a doll.  Go and see the work. see the work. see the work. It's beautiful.  But there's something missing It's beautiful.  But there's something missing It's beautiful.  But there's something missing . [Screaming] Whatever you want [Screaming] Whatever you want [Screaming] Whatever you want to put in there, I'll to put in there, I'll to put in there, I'll put it in there myself. Now you look beautiful, go take a Now you look beautiful, go take a Now you look beautiful, go take a bath.