Guys, look what has happened to our pool.
Guys, look in front, brother, what a big snake there is in
front of the porch.
Hey guys,
finally we have reached our
favorite place with porch.
Hey hey hey come
in the car.
Can you show me my face in the car once?
What insolence is this?
Brother, look at Avantika's Avanti glasses.
Avantika got angry brother.
Hey guys good morning. Welcome to my new
vlog. So brother, after so many days, finally we have
reached home and first of all we are going to go to the
farm house plot in front of us
because we had built
our pool there, so we want to see that brother, there is no water in it,
what happened to it, what is its condition because it is
lying like this for the last 5 days, so let's go and
see it brother, we had a lot of fun
there, so let's go, come on, come on,
today after coming here for so many days, it does
n't feel different, the room is so bright at home, there is a
different vibe at home,
look down, uncle is downstairs.
Hi
hello
uncle, did you go to the pool after that?
Yes, yes, did you go to the
pool?
Yes, the
water dried up.
Guys, look there is a pool in front, let's go and see it once.
Brother Chai ji is saying
that so much water of the pool has dried up.
How can it dry like this, friend? We had
spread the entire tarpaulin. Come on brother, let's go and see it.
And the weather is also very nice today. They are
saying that all the water in the pool has dried up.
Dried up? I don't know, they are saying he has disappeared.
How will water disappear like this?
That's what we'll do, let's go and see it.
How can so much water disappear? That's what I am
saying. Let's see. All the
water on the bridge dried up.
Yes, he must have disappeared.
How did it disappear? We had spread a tarpaulin in it. There must have been a
hole in it. You were taking bath for so long. Did
you go after that?
No. did
you visit?
Yes.
What are you making, mom? Curry. The
link is being made guys. Look
brother, whether we go to Delhi or Mumbai, we
feel best here, at our home
and now the excitement about the farm house is also
increasing.
Hey, the water has really run out. There is very
little water left brother. That too is dirty water.
Brother, I am feeling it.
This is completely muddy water. Still there
is a lot of water left, friend. The entire
water inside it became muddy. So
we will have to clean the entire pool thoroughly and
then fill it with good water and then we
can swim in it and have fun. Look,
this is what has happened in 5 days. That is why the
pools have complete filters,
motors, and water heaters installed in them. That's why the pool
becomes expensive. So we will get it constructed but we will
build a good, proper pool. A complete
system for the entire pool is installed by installing a motor and a water heater
so that the water does not get spoiled even for months.
Look at this, what has happened to the water in 5 days.
Chlorine etc. is also added to it, right? Yes,
chlorination etc. is also required.
Where? We were thinking that we would come here and take a
bath in the pool. Where there is no water right now.
Guys, the whole family played a lot of games in the pool.
You guys liked it very much. There were
more games to play. But this is what happened here.
Now I will be able to play games only when I get well.
And guys, look at the weather today,
how dangerous it is on the mountain. The clouds
look so dangerous.
Come on, go upstairs. Let's go
to the terrace. The roof will look sturdy and.
Come on brother. So for now we have come to the roof. And
brother, look at the front view. Let us go.
Guys, look, this pool is also
filled with dirty rain water, so we will have to drain out its water also.
So right now everyone is watching Vogue, look at yesterday's Vogue, all the
YouTubers,
brother, the experience of watching Vogue on a 100 inch TV is
different, brother,
everything looks so big, it's
5 o'clock,
Kunali has come back from school. How was your
day today? It's
great.
Well,
yes I did swimming.
Our Kunali pool got spoiled due to swimming. Yes,
all the water is finished. It became dirty mud.
We take everything out
first and then it will take
a whole day to clean it completely,
to drain the water, to clear it properly. It
takes a whole day. Is
n't it raining? It's
raining too, isn't it?
He definitely takes bath in school.
Well, yes, he bathes in the pool in school. Was
not wearing a vest.
Well, today I was without a vest.
Dude time. I was already
wearing a vest. He must have opened it and come.
So guys, let's go for a fun trip.
In the mountains. We go in the evening anyway.
But right now the weather is so lovely that I ca
n't control myself. Let's go brother, let's go for a
little walk.
Not today GW, today the guys will take Porsche.
Guys, look what's inside the car?
Tell us in the comments who gave this to us. It will be
fun to drive in the mountains today.
Friend, we left our mark. See.
Yes, that's what I was saying. There is
no air in three tyres of the car. One is showing -12.
One has -17 and one has -4. So I'm just
stopping to fill up with air.
Look at you, I am a convertible and have such a
lovely view. So
now let's go to the forest side. Ok? Yes. It
is our favorite road. Hmm. It
looks so beautiful. It looks even more beautiful when seen from the front.
Guys, look in front, what a big snake it is.
Next to the porch.
Oh
brother, look how big this snake is. Let's see. The
whole road is being crossed. Oh, it's gone. I went
inside it brother. Brother, it's good. We were
not in speed brother. It is not even visible.
Guys, finally we have reached our
favorite place with Porsche and we have opened the roof
and it looks so nice.
What is the feeling?
Hey, it's raining. It might have started raining.
Guys, we just stopped here and look,
it's stuck under the tire,
look
So let's have lunch for now, guys. Let's see
what is made.
Rice,
dal and curry. This is what is made at home every day,
guys. Daily. The rice has also completely frozen.
Look, the guys are frozen. Now look brother, what kind of
weather it is. All the clouds and mountains have disappeared.
What a beautiful view of rain it was in the morning. It is
raining there too. Look, it is
raining there under those dark clouds. And it is going to happen
here too in some time. So let's do one
thing, let's take the Thar to the front and do
drifting there today. That area
na guice. So now I have come to
my farm house with Thar. Now let me show you some
cool drifting. Let us go. Brother, whenever he goes
out somewhere, he
misses his cars the most. The most. So
whenever we come home, the first thing we do is take a
fun drive with the cars. Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey, [ __ ], it's
coming all over my clothes,
man.
What is this rudeness, friend?
Come in the car.
Can you show me my face in the car once?
What is this insolence?
Look into the glasses of Brother Avant.
Look at these clothes of mine on the glasses, friend.
Oh sorry friend.
What?
Sorry friend.
These are my glasses. I am
sorry, sorry friend. I am
building a car.
Hey, don't put it in the car, friend.
Where did I go on my wife, nothing. Do
not put it in the car. Look at this, it will be okay. No
problem, friend. What a state you have made
me like, like cow dung. Leave it, friend. I am
not coming. Do it alone with you brother. Those who are doing
off-loading, they are doing
sorry. I ruined the entire clothes.
Sorry friend. You
know, the clothes were mine. Sorry,
what a sorry, I have to take a full bath, Balwal, you have
ruined everything for me, look this is
not cow dung, it is mud, that mud,
whatever it is,
Avantika got angry brother,
and look here, what has happened,
listen, listen, sorry, I did not know it would fall on you, friend, sorry, I did
not know it would fall on
you so high, sorry now you will not talk to me, it is about to
rain, look, there are dark clouds, I have
completely
agreed, you are angry, have you agreed yet, friend, I have
agreed, I have agreed,
now the Thar looks good, look now I think you look good anyway, friend, I
am saying so much, wait, wait, wait, you
cannot see anything in front of that car,
brother, come on,
I have seen it, brother, your first priority is the
car, you have
not decided yet,
friend, it is not going well, I am
thinking of buying it, then
decide, I had to
change all my clothes because of you, do
n't do this now, friend,
I have told you about the mud games, guys,
now there is a very important thing here There is a
discussion going on about something which
I cannot discuss but it keeps happening, a
lot of things keep happening in the house, guys, there is no such thing as nonsense, I mean, it happens
in everyone's house, do
n't worry, as soon as I
switch off the camera, the fire will start again, you have become
silent now, you became silent as soon as the camera was switched on,
guys, those subscribers will think that there is a
fight going on with Avantika.
No no, there is no fighting. There's no such
fight, Guys. Meaning, keep a lot of
things.
Yes Avantika's class is going on guys.
Avantika is taking class.
That you do this and you don't do that.
Imagine both mothers-in-law are standing.
Both of them are teaching Avantika a lesson together.
Oh wow, this is great.
Yes, she is sitting angry.
Guys, today Avanti class
people think like this.
People will think like this. Look, he will think something else like this.
So you conduct classes but you never
conduct Avant. When did we start the class now? Why did
you plant it?
Guys, I haven't attended class even once since my marriage.
Tell me
what is it that I will teach you after conducting a class?
Nothing guys, I'm
kidding. Nothing like that.
We
just have things that happen, but sometimes things happen outside the
family, so that's what happens.
Misunderstanding. Think, think.
And
[laughter] she's
scolding him.
Your child is also married. Don't worry, it happens to
everyone,
Piyush will also get married,
yes, by then
we will not become old, you will become
old,
look he is
watching TV there, look how he is looking,
see his backside is visible brother, hey,
what are you doing, his backside, hey,
what are you doing,
your backside was visible, you are just doing it, the
vegetables are burning,
what are you doing brother, you are watching
TV,
you are watching TV, are you doing something else.
What to make? Paneer Bhajiya.
What are you making?
This is potato bean.
Potato
potato bean.
And radish.
Potato, radish, beans.
Potato, radish, beans
which I don't like at all, guys.
No, we have a meeting and we have to go out to
eat today.
Meeting. There
is a meeting today. Ok? Kunali? What
is this? What style is this? TV watching
guys. Look, its head should be here.
Where its legs are. There should be a head here.
And Kunali, don't you feel ashamed that
your backside looks like this.
What happened? Home is home. So should I put the TV
upside down for you?
You are looking at it upside down, right?
Then it will be visible clearly.
Now you do it in reverse. How are you looking?
Try it once.
How do you see it? Look guys, this is how he
looks. Look at its face, it is crooked and upside down.
This means that if I turn the TV upside down, it will
appear straight. What else
?
Sure? It
looks the opposite. I can't see it well. Upside down
TV.
Grandfather remained outside.
Grandfather got stuck outside. What happened?
His friend is calling Hanu.
Whose? of
Hanu.
His friend is fine. Do you have
any friends?
No, I don't have anyone.
no mate.
Anu,
you are just passing your life.
Just cutting. Are
?
Ok.
You also make your own friends.
I will make it again right now.
When will you make it? I will
sit outside first. [laughter]
Everyone has a friend.
Who? Who?
Girlfriend.
What?
Girlfriends are friends, aren't they?
Good.
Is it yours?
Where from? There is no one.
Guys, I am leaving now. We have a meeting
and we will have dinner outside. Shall we go then
? Let us go.
Come on brother. Now get ready.
Yes, I am ready.
So now let's take our GLC.
[Music] Guys,
we just came to get new
glasses made for Avantia. Avandia also has weak eyes.
Yes. Both of us have weak eyes. It
suits you just like it suits me,
yes it will be the same, it
looks the same,
keep the chime in it ma'am, you
call it real
check here, I mean I get a manual idea sir,
look at it in front ma'am, look at your left eye now
ma'am, right now or now it is better than before,
now I have closed your left eye ma'am,
fix it with the right eye, this time I am getting a lot of it done. One, two,
three,
four, five, your selections are complete, this also
looks good. Avantika has
taken six frames in one turn. Look, I will
give this for making now and you will get it later.
Listen, get this made. This is what you just posted.
I will say this for Avantika. First you yourself
say that you are feeling good. I'm liking it.
show Show. He was looking good. Guys, the
meeting has already taken place. Have come for dinner.
Currently I am waiting for Avanti.
She is also coming. After that we
will order food and after eating we will go home today. Now
we have to do many things with planning.
So a meeting has to be held for that. There are
a lot of permissions etc. So
watch it brother, you are going to enjoy it.
We are going to do something crazy, very crazy.
What will you eat?
Come on brother, now Avantika has also come. Listen,
be excited for what we're excited for what's about to happen. Yes.
In a few days. Yes.
I have ordered this Sev Puri. Look,
something new has come here guys. So I don't know
what is there right now, welcome drink for us but
chairs are good
and who is on the call right now, whom are you talking to,
Benny,
hi
listen, we have to do that, try no to last challenge,
okay,
try no to laugh challenge guys, done,
now you will lose, you will
lose, you are the one who laughs the most, let's see guys.
So I have ordered Sev
Puri.
Look, pick it up and eat it like this. Guys, everything is going well just
like Mumbai.
We go to Mumbai and eat. So Guys Avant wanted to
eat golgappas so he ordered golgappas here.
Look, I have reached home but I am
late. Everyone must be asleep brother. Everyone is asleep.
Look, we're a little late.
Not everyone will be asleep.
[nasal sound] Piyush and
Sahil must not have slept. Piyush and Sahil are
rarely seen these days.
Brother, I couldn't even see Sahil. Ever since I came. I do
n't know where Sahil is. So for now I'll end this vlog. I
hope you liked it. If you
like it then please like it. Please subscribe to the channel.
See you
in the next vlog. Thank you so much for watching.
