Guys, look what has happened to our pool. Guys, look what has happened to our pool. Guys, look in front, brother, what a big snake there is in Guys, look in front, brother, what a big snake there is in Guys, look in front, brother, what a big snake there is in front of the porch. front of the porch. front of the porch. Hey guys, Hey guys, Hey guys, finally we have reached our finally we have reached our finally we have reached our favorite place with porch. favorite place with porch. favorite place with porch. Hey hey hey come Hey hey hey come Hey hey hey come in the car. in the car. in the car. Can you show me my face in the car once? Can you show me my face in the car once? Can you show me my face in the car once? What insolence is this? What insolence is this? What insolence is this? Brother, look at Avantika's Avanti glasses. Brother, look at Avantika's Avanti glasses. Brother, look at Avantika's Avanti glasses. Avantika got angry brother. Avantika got angry brother. Avantika got angry brother. Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new Hey guys good morning.  Welcome to my new vlog.  So brother, after so many days, finally we have vlog.  So brother, after so many days, finally we have vlog.  So brother, after so many days, finally we have reached home and first of all we are going to go to the reached home and first of all we are going to go to the reached home and first of all we are going to go to the farm house plot in front of us farm house plot in front of us farm house plot in front of us because we had built because we had built because we had built our pool there, so we want to see that brother, there is no water in it, our pool there, so we want to see that brother, there is no water in it, our pool there, so we want to see that brother, there is no water in it, what happened to it, what is its condition because it is what happened to it, what is its condition because it is what happened to it, what is its condition because it is lying like this for the last 5 days, so let's go and lying like this for the last 5 days, so let's go and lying like this for the last 5 days, so let's go and see it brother, we had a lot of fun see it brother, we had a lot of fun see it brother, we had a lot of fun there, so let's go, come on, come on, there, so let's go, come on, come on, there, so let's go, come on, come on, today after coming here for so many days, it does today after coming here for so many days, it does today after coming here for so many days, it does n't feel different, the room is so bright at home, there is a n't feel different, the room is so bright at home, there is a different vibe at home, different vibe at home, different vibe at home, look down, uncle is downstairs. look down, uncle is downstairs. look down, uncle is downstairs. Hi Hi Hi hello hello hello uncle, did you go to the pool after that? uncle, did you go to the pool after that? uncle, did you go to the pool after that? Yes, yes, did you go to the Yes, yes, did you go to the Yes, yes, did you go to the pool? pool? pool? Yes, the Yes, the Yes, the water dried up. water dried up. water dried up. Guys, look there is a pool in front, let's go and see it once. Guys, look there is a pool in front, let's go and see it once. Guys, look there is a pool in front, let's go and see it once. Brother Chai ji is saying Brother Chai ji is saying Brother Chai ji is saying that so much water of the pool has dried up. that so much water of the pool has dried up. that so much water of the pool has dried up. How can it dry like this, friend?  We had How can it dry like this, friend?  We had How can it dry like this, friend?  We had spread the entire tarpaulin.  Come on brother, let's go and see it. spread the entire tarpaulin.  Come on brother, let's go and see it. spread the entire tarpaulin.  Come on brother, let's go and see it. And the weather is also very nice today.   They are And the weather is also very nice today.   They are And the weather is also very nice today.   They are saying that all the water in the pool has dried up. saying that all the water in the pool has dried up. saying that all the water in the pool has dried up. Dried up?  I don't know, they are saying he has disappeared. Dried up?  I don't know, they are saying he has disappeared. Dried up?  I don't know, they are saying he has disappeared. How will water disappear like this? How will water disappear like this? How will water disappear like this? That's what we'll do, let's go and see it. That's what we'll do, let's go and see it. That's what we'll do, let's go and see it. How can so much water disappear?   That's what I am How can so much water disappear?   That's what I am How can so much water disappear?   That's what I am saying.   Let's see.   All the saying.   Let's see.   All the water on the bridge dried up. water on the bridge dried up. water on the bridge dried up. Yes, he must have disappeared. Yes, he must have disappeared. Yes, he must have disappeared. How did it disappear?  We had spread a tarpaulin in it.   There must have been a How did it disappear?  We had spread a tarpaulin in it.   There must have been a hole in it.  You were taking bath for so long.   Did hole in it.  You were taking bath for so long.   Did you go after that? you go after that? you go after that? No.   did you visit? you visit? you visit? Yes. Yes. Yes. What are you making, mom?  Curry.   The What are you making, mom?  Curry.   The What are you making, mom?  Curry.   The link is being made guys.  Look brother, whether we go to Delhi or Mumbai, we brother, whether we go to Delhi or Mumbai, we brother, whether we go to Delhi or Mumbai, we feel best here, at our home feel best here, at our home feel best here, at our home and now the excitement about the farm house is also and now the excitement about the farm house is also and now the excitement about the farm house is also increasing. increasing. increasing. Hey, the water has really run out.  There is very Hey, the water has really run out.  There is very Hey, the water has really run out.  There is very little water left brother.  That too is dirty water. little water left brother.  That too is dirty water. little water left brother.  That too is dirty water. Brother, I am feeling it. Brother, I am feeling it. Brother, I am feeling it. This is completely muddy water.  Still there This is completely muddy water.  Still there This is completely muddy water.  Still there is a lot of water left, friend.  The entire is a lot of water left, friend.  The entire is a lot of water left, friend.  The entire water inside it became muddy.  So water inside it became muddy.  So water inside it became muddy.  So we will have to clean the entire pool thoroughly and we will have to clean the entire pool thoroughly and we will have to clean the entire pool thoroughly and then fill it with good water and then we then fill it with good water and then we then fill it with good water and then we can swim in it and have fun.  Look, can swim in it and have fun.  Look, can swim in it and have fun.  Look, this is what has happened in 5 days.  That is why the this is what has happened in 5 days.  That is why the this is what has happened in 5 days.  That is why the pools have complete filters, pools have complete filters, pools have complete filters, motors, and water heaters installed in them.  That's why the pool motors, and water heaters installed in them.  That's why the pool motors, and water heaters installed in them.  That's why the pool becomes expensive.  So we will get it constructed but we will becomes expensive.  So we will get it constructed but we will becomes expensive.  So we will get it constructed but we will build a good, proper pool.  A complete build a good, proper pool.  A complete build a good, proper pool.  A complete system for the entire pool is installed by installing a motor and a water heater system for the entire pool is installed by installing a motor and a water heater system for the entire pool is installed by installing a motor and a water heater so that the water does not get spoiled even for months. so that the water does not get spoiled even for months. so that the water does not get spoiled even for months. Look at this, what has happened to the water in 5 days. Look at this, what has happened to the water in 5 days. Chlorine etc. is also added to it, right?  Yes, Chlorine etc. is also added to it, right?  Yes, Chlorine etc. is also added to it, right?  Yes, chlorination etc. is also required. chlorination etc. is also required. chlorination etc. is also required. Where?  We were thinking that we would come here and take a Where?  We were thinking that we would come here and take a Where?  We were thinking that we would come here and take a bath in the pool.  Where there is no water right now. bath in the pool.  Where there is no water right now. Guys, the whole family played a lot of games in the pool. Guys, the whole family played a lot of games in the pool. Guys, the whole family played a lot of games in the pool. You guys liked it very much.  There were You guys liked it very much.  There were You guys liked it very much.  There were more games to play.  But this is what happened here. more games to play.  But this is what happened here. more games to play.  But this is what happened here. Now I will be able to play games only when I get well. Now I will be able to play games only when I get well. Now I will be able to play games only when I get well. And guys, look at the weather today, And guys, look at the weather today, And guys, look at the weather today, how dangerous it is on the mountain.  The clouds how dangerous it is on the mountain.  The clouds how dangerous it is on the mountain.  The clouds look so dangerous. look so dangerous. look so dangerous. Come on, go upstairs.   Let's go Come on, go upstairs.   Let's go Come on, go upstairs.   Let's go to the terrace.  The roof will look sturdy and. to the terrace.  The roof will look sturdy and. to the terrace.  The roof will look sturdy and. Come on brother.  So for now we have come to the roof.  And Come on brother.  So for now we have come to the roof.  And Come on brother.  So for now we have come to the roof.  And brother, look at the front view.  Let us go. Guys, look, this pool is also Guys, look, this pool is also Guys, look, this pool is also filled with dirty rain water, so we will have to drain out its water also. filled with dirty rain water, so we will have to drain out its water also. So right now everyone is watching Vogue, look at yesterday's Vogue, all the So right now everyone is watching Vogue, look at yesterday's Vogue, all the So right now everyone is watching Vogue, look at yesterday's Vogue, all the YouTubers, YouTubers, YouTubers, brother, the experience of watching Vogue on a 100 inch TV is brother, the experience of watching Vogue on a 100 inch TV is brother, the experience of watching Vogue on a 100 inch TV is different, brother, different, brother, different, brother, everything looks so big, it's everything looks so big, it's everything looks so big, it's 5 o'clock, Kunali has come back from school.  How was your Kunali has come back from school.  How was your Kunali has come back from school.  How was your day today?   It's day today?   It's day today?   It's great. great. great. Well, Well, Well, yes I did swimming. yes I did swimming. Our Kunali pool got spoiled due to swimming.  Yes, Our Kunali pool got spoiled due to swimming.  Yes, Our Kunali pool got spoiled due to swimming.  Yes, all the water is finished.  It became dirty mud. all the water is finished.  It became dirty mud. all the water is finished.  It became dirty mud. We take everything out We take everything out We take everything out first and then it will take first and then it will take first and then it will take a whole day to clean it completely, a whole day to clean it completely, a whole day to clean it completely, to drain the water, to clear it properly.  It to drain the water, to clear it properly.  It to drain the water, to clear it properly.  It takes a whole day.   Is takes a whole day.   Is takes a whole day.   Is n't it raining?  It's n't it raining?  It's n't it raining?  It's raining too, isn't it? raining too, isn't it? raining too, isn't it? He definitely takes bath in school. He definitely takes bath in school. He definitely takes bath in school. Well, yes, he bathes in the pool in school.   Was Well, yes, he bathes in the pool in school.   Was Well, yes, he bathes in the pool in school.   Was not wearing a vest. not wearing a vest. not wearing a vest. Well, today I was without a vest. Well, today I was without a vest. Well, today I was without a vest. Dude time.   I was already Dude time.   I was already Dude time.   I was already wearing a vest.  He must have opened it and come. wearing a vest.  He must have opened it and come. wearing a vest.  He must have opened it and come. So guys, let's go for a fun trip. So guys, let's go for a fun trip. So guys, let's go for a fun trip. In the mountains.  We go in the evening anyway. In the mountains.  We go in the evening anyway. In the mountains.  We go in the evening anyway. But right now the weather is so lovely that I ca But right now the weather is so lovely that I ca But right now the weather is so lovely that I ca n't control myself.  Let's go brother, let's go for a n't control myself.  Let's go brother, let's go for a n't control myself.  Let's go brother, let's go for a little walk. little walk. little walk. Not today GW, today the guys will take Porsche. Not today GW, today the guys will take Porsche. Not today GW, today the guys will take Porsche. Guys, look what's inside the car? Guys, look what's inside the car? Guys, look what's inside the car? Tell us in the comments who gave this to us.   It will be fun to drive in the mountains today. fun to drive in the mountains today. fun to drive in the mountains today. Friend, we left our mark.  See. Friend, we left our mark.  See. Friend, we left our mark.  See. Yes, that's what I was saying.  There is Yes, that's what I was saying.  There is Yes, that's what I was saying.  There is no air in three tyres of the car.  One is showing -12. no air in three tyres of the car.  One is showing -12. no air in three tyres of the car.  One is showing -12. One has -17 and one has -4.  So I'm just One has -17 and one has -4.  So I'm just One has -17 and one has -4.  So I'm just stopping to fill up with air. Look at you, I am a convertible and have such a Look at you, I am a convertible and have such a Look at you, I am a convertible and have such a lovely view.   So now let's go to the forest side.  Ok?   Yes.  It now let's go to the forest side.  Ok?   Yes.  It now let's go to the forest side.  Ok?   Yes.  It is our favorite road.  Hmm.   It is our favorite road.  Hmm.   It is our favorite road.  Hmm.   It looks so beautiful.  It looks even more beautiful when seen from the front. looks so beautiful.  It looks even more beautiful when seen from the front. Guys, look in front, what a big snake it is. Guys, look in front, what a big snake it is. Guys, look in front, what a big snake it is. Next to the porch. Next to the porch. Next to the porch. Oh Oh Oh brother, look how big this snake is.   Let's see.   The brother, look how big this snake is.   Let's see.   The whole road is being crossed.  Oh, it's gone.   I went whole road is being crossed.  Oh, it's gone.   I went whole road is being crossed.  Oh, it's gone.   I went inside it brother.  Brother, it's good.  We were inside it brother.  Brother, it's good.  We were inside it brother.  Brother, it's good.  We were not in speed brother.  It is not even visible. not in speed brother.  It is not even visible. not in speed brother.  It is not even visible. Guys, finally we have reached our Guys, finally we have reached our Guys, finally we have reached our favorite place with Porsche and we have opened the roof favorite place with Porsche and we have opened the roof favorite place with Porsche and we have opened the roof and it looks so nice. and it looks so nice. and it looks so nice. What is the feeling? Hey, it's raining.  It might have started raining. Hey, it's raining.  It might have started raining. Hey, it's raining.  It might have started raining. Guys, we just stopped here and look, Guys, we just stopped here and look, Guys, we just stopped here and look, it's stuck under the tire, look So let's have lunch for now, guys.  Let's see So let's have lunch for now, guys.  Let's see So let's have lunch for now, guys.  Let's see what is made. what is made. what is made. Rice, dal and curry.  This is what is made at home every day, dal and curry.  This is what is made at home every day, dal and curry.  This is what is made at home every day, guys.  Daily.  The rice has also completely frozen. guys.  Daily.  The rice has also completely frozen. guys.  Daily.  The rice has also completely frozen. Look, the guys are frozen.  Now look brother, what kind of Look, the guys are frozen.  Now look brother, what kind of Look, the guys are frozen.  Now look brother, what kind of weather it is.  All the clouds and mountains have disappeared. weather it is.  All the clouds and mountains have disappeared. weather it is.  All the clouds and mountains have disappeared. What a beautiful view of rain it was in the morning.  It is What a beautiful view of rain it was in the morning.  It is What a beautiful view of rain it was in the morning.  It is raining there too.  Look, it is raining there too.  Look, it is raining there too.  Look, it is raining there under those dark clouds.  And it is going to happen raining there under those dark clouds.  And it is going to happen raining there under those dark clouds.  And it is going to happen here too in some time.  So let's do one here too in some time.  So let's do one here too in some time.  So let's do one thing, let's take the Thar to the front and do thing, let's take the Thar to the front and do thing, let's take the Thar to the front and do drifting there today.  That area drifting there today.  That area drifting there today.  That area na guice.  So now I have come to na guice.  So now I have come to na guice.  So now I have come to my farm house with Thar.  Now let me show you some my farm house with Thar.  Now let me show you some my farm house with Thar.  Now let me show you some cool drifting.  Let us go.  Brother, whenever he goes cool drifting.  Let us go.  Brother, whenever he goes cool drifting.  Let us go.  Brother, whenever he goes out somewhere, he out somewhere, he out somewhere, he misses his cars the most.  The most.  So misses his cars the most.  The most.  So misses his cars the most.  The most.  So whenever we come home, the first thing we do is take a whenever we come home, the first thing we do is take a whenever we come home, the first thing we do is take a fun drive with the cars.  Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey, [ __ ], it's fun drive with the cars.  Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey, [ __ ], it's coming all over my clothes, coming all over my clothes, coming all over my clothes, man. man. man. What is this rudeness, friend? What is this rudeness, friend? What is this rudeness, friend? Come in the car. Come in the car. Come in the car. Can you show me my face in the car once? Can you show me my face in the car once? Can you show me my face in the car once? What is this insolence? What is this insolence? What is this insolence? Look into the glasses of Brother Avant. Look into the glasses of Brother Avant. Look into the glasses of Brother Avant. Look at these clothes of mine on the glasses, friend. Look at these clothes of mine on the glasses, friend. Look at these clothes of mine on the glasses, friend. Oh sorry friend. Oh sorry friend. Oh sorry friend. What? What? What? Sorry friend. Sorry friend. Sorry friend. These are my glasses.  I am These are my glasses.  I am These are my glasses.  I am sorry, sorry friend.   I am sorry, sorry friend.   I am sorry, sorry friend.   I am building a car. building a car. building a car. Hey, don't put it in the car, friend. Hey, don't put it in the car, friend. Hey, don't put it in the car, friend. Where did I go on my wife, nothing.   Do Where did I go on my wife, nothing.   Do Where did I go on my wife, nothing.   Do not put it in the car.  Look at this, it will be okay.   No not put it in the car.  Look at this, it will be okay.   No problem, friend.  What a state you have made problem, friend.  What a state you have made problem, friend.  What a state you have made me like, like cow dung.  Leave it, friend.  I am me like, like cow dung.  Leave it, friend.  I am me like, like cow dung.  Leave it, friend.  I am not coming.  Do it alone with you brother.   Those who are doing not coming.  Do it alone with you brother.   Those who are doing not coming.  Do it alone with you brother.   Those who are doing off-loading, they are doing off-loading, they are doing off-loading, they are doing sorry.  I ruined the entire clothes. sorry.  I ruined the entire clothes. Sorry friend.   You Sorry friend.   You Sorry friend.   You know, the clothes were mine.  Sorry, know, the clothes were mine.  Sorry, know, the clothes were mine.  Sorry, what a sorry, I have to take a full bath, Balwal, you have what a sorry, I have to take a full bath, Balwal, you have what a sorry, I have to take a full bath, Balwal, you have ruined everything for me, look this is ruined everything for me, look this is ruined everything for me, look this is not cow dung, it is mud, that mud, not cow dung, it is mud, that mud, not cow dung, it is mud, that mud, whatever it is, whatever it is, whatever it is, Avantika got angry brother, Avantika got angry brother, Avantika got angry brother, and look here, what has happened, and look here, what has happened, and look here, what has happened, listen, listen, sorry, I did not know it would fall on you, friend, sorry, I did listen, listen, sorry, I did not know it would fall on you, friend, sorry, I did listen, listen, sorry, I did not know it would fall on you, friend, sorry, I did not know it would fall on not know it would fall on not know it would fall on you so high, sorry now you will not talk to me, it is about to you so high, sorry now you will not talk to me, it is about to rain, look, there are dark clouds, I have rain, look, there are dark clouds, I have rain, look, there are dark clouds, I have completely agreed, you are angry, have you agreed yet, friend, I have agreed, you are angry, have you agreed yet, friend, I have agreed, you are angry, have you agreed yet, friend, I have agreed, I have agreed, agreed, I have agreed, agreed, I have agreed, now the Thar looks good, look now I think you look good anyway, friend, I now the Thar looks good, look now I think you look good anyway, friend, I am saying so much, wait, wait, wait, you am saying so much, wait, wait, wait, you am saying so much, wait, wait, wait, you cannot see anything in front of that car, cannot see anything in front of that car, cannot see anything in front of that car, brother, come on, brother, come on, brother, come on, I have seen it, brother, your first priority is the I have seen it, brother, your first priority is the I have seen it, brother, your first priority is the car, you have car, you have not decided yet, not decided yet, not decided yet, friend, it is not going well, I am friend, it is not going well, I am friend, it is not going well, I am thinking of buying it, then thinking of buying it, then thinking of buying it, then decide, I had to decide, I had to decide, I had to change all my clothes because of you, do change all my clothes because of you, do change all my clothes because of you, do n't do this now, friend, n't do this now, friend, n't do this now, friend, I have told you about the mud games, guys, I have told you about the mud games, guys, I have told you about the mud games, guys, now there is a very important thing here  There is a now there is a very important thing here  There is a now there is a very important thing here  There is a discussion going on about something which discussion going on about something which discussion going on about something which I cannot discuss but it keeps happening, a I cannot discuss but it keeps happening, a I cannot discuss but it keeps happening, a lot of things keep happening in the house, guys, there is no such thing as nonsense, I mean, it happens lot of things keep happening in the house, guys, there is no such thing as nonsense, I mean, it happens in everyone's house, do in everyone's house, do in everyone's house, do n't worry, as soon as I n't worry, as soon as I n't worry, as soon as I switch off the camera, the fire will start again, you have become switch off the camera, the fire will start again, you have become silent now, you became silent as soon as the camera was switched on, silent now, you became silent as soon as the camera was switched on, silent now, you became silent as soon as the camera was switched on, guys, those subscribers will think that there is a guys, those subscribers will think that there is a guys, those subscribers will think that there is a fight going on with Avantika. fight going on with Avantika. fight going on with Avantika. No no, there is no fighting.  There's no such No no, there is no fighting.  There's no such No no, there is no fighting.  There's no such fight, Guys.  Meaning, keep a lot of fight, Guys.  Meaning, keep a lot of fight, Guys.  Meaning, keep a lot of things. things. things. Yes Avantika's class is going on guys. Yes Avantika's class is going on guys. Yes Avantika's class is going on guys. Avantika is taking class. Avantika is taking class. Avantika is taking class. That you do this and you don't do that. That you do this and you don't do that. That you do this and you don't do that. Imagine both mothers-in-law are standing. Imagine both mothers-in-law are standing. Imagine both mothers-in-law are standing. Both of them are teaching Avantika a lesson together. Both of them are teaching Avantika a lesson together. Oh wow, this is great. Oh wow, this is great. Oh wow, this is great. Yes, she is sitting angry. Yes, she is sitting angry. Yes, she is sitting angry. Guys, today Avanti class Guys, today Avanti class Guys, today Avanti class people think like this. people think like this. people think like this. People will think like this.  Look, he will think something else like this. People will think like this.  Look, he will think something else like this. People will think like this.  Look, he will think something else like this. So you conduct classes but you never So you conduct classes but you never So you conduct classes but you never conduct Avant.  When did we start the class now?  Why did conduct Avant.  When did we start the class now?  Why did conduct Avant.  When did we start the class now?  Why did you plant it? you plant it? you plant it? Guys, I haven't attended class even once since my marriage. Guys, I haven't attended class even once since my marriage. Guys, I haven't attended class even once since my marriage. Tell me Tell me Tell me what is it that I will teach you after conducting a class? what is it that I will teach you after conducting a class? what is it that I will teach you after conducting a class? Nothing guys, I'm Nothing guys, I'm Nothing guys, I'm kidding.  Nothing like that. kidding.  Nothing like that. kidding.  Nothing like that. We We We just have things that happen, but sometimes things happen outside the just have things that happen, but sometimes things happen outside the just have things that happen, but sometimes things happen outside the family, so that's what happens. family, so that's what happens. family, so that's what happens. Misunderstanding.   Think, think. Misunderstanding.   Think, think. And And And [laughter] she's [laughter] she's [laughter] she's scolding him. scolding him. scolding him. Your child is also married.  Don't worry, it happens to Your child is also married.  Don't worry, it happens to Your child is also married.  Don't worry, it happens to everyone, everyone, everyone, Piyush will also get married, Piyush will also get married, Piyush will also get married, yes, by then yes, by then yes, by then we will not become old, you will become we will not become old, you will become we will not become old, you will become old, old, old, look he is look he is look he is watching TV there, look how he is looking, watching TV there, look how he is looking, watching TV there, look how he is looking, see his backside is visible brother, hey, see his backside is visible brother, hey, see his backside is visible brother, hey, what are you doing, his backside, hey, what are you doing, his backside, hey, what are you doing, his backside, hey, what are you doing, what are you doing, what are you doing, your backside was visible, you are just doing it, the your backside was visible, you are just doing it, the vegetables are burning, vegetables are burning, vegetables are burning, what are you doing brother, you are watching what are you doing brother, you are watching what are you doing brother, you are watching TV, TV, TV, you are watching TV, are you doing something else. you are watching TV, are you doing something else. you are watching TV, are you doing something else. What to make?  Paneer Bhajiya. What to make?  Paneer Bhajiya. What to make?  Paneer Bhajiya. What are you making? What are you making? What are you making? This is potato bean. This is potato bean. This is potato bean. Potato Potato Potato potato bean. potato bean. potato bean. And radish. And radish. And radish. Potato, radish, beans. Potato, radish, beans. Potato, radish, beans. Potato, radish, beans Potato, radish, beans Potato, radish, beans which I don't like at all, guys. No, we have a meeting and we have to go out to No, we have a meeting and we have to go out to No, we have a meeting and we have to go out to eat today. eat today. eat today. Meeting.   There Meeting.   There Meeting.   There is a meeting today.  Ok?  Kunali?  What is a meeting today.  Ok?  Kunali?  What is a meeting today.  Ok?  Kunali?  What is this?  What style is this?  TV watching is this?  What style is this?  TV watching is this?  What style is this?  TV watching guys.  Look, its head should be here. guys.  Look, its head should be here. guys.  Look, its head should be here. Where its legs are.  There should be a head here. Where its legs are.  There should be a head here. Where its legs are.  There should be a head here. And Kunali, don't you feel ashamed that And Kunali, don't you feel ashamed that And Kunali, don't you feel ashamed that your backside looks like this. your backside looks like this. your backside looks like this. What happened?  Home is home.  So should I put the TV What happened?  Home is home.  So should I put the TV What happened?  Home is home.  So should I put the TV upside down for you? upside down for you? upside down for you? You are looking at it upside down, right? You are looking at it upside down, right? You are looking at it upside down, right? Then it will be visible clearly. Then it will be visible clearly. Then it will be visible clearly. Now you do it in reverse.  How are you looking? Now you do it in reverse.  How are you looking? Now you do it in reverse.  How are you looking? Try it once. Try it once. Try it once. How do you see it?  Look guys, this is how he How do you see it?  Look guys, this is how he How do you see it?  Look guys, this is how he looks.  Look at its face, it is crooked and upside down. looks.  Look at its face, it is crooked and upside down. looks.  Look at its face, it is crooked and upside down. This means that if I turn the TV upside down, it will This means that if I turn the TV upside down, it will This means that if I turn the TV upside down, it will appear straight.   What else appear straight.   What else appear straight.   What else ? ? ? Sure?   It Sure?   It Sure?   It looks the opposite.  I can't see it well.   Upside down looks the opposite.  I can't see it well.   Upside down looks the opposite.  I can't see it well.   Upside down TV. TV. TV. Grandfather remained outside. Grandfather remained outside. Grandfather remained outside. Grandfather got stuck outside.  What happened? Grandfather got stuck outside.  What happened? Grandfather got stuck outside.  What happened? His friend is calling Hanu. His friend is calling Hanu. His friend is calling Hanu. Whose?   of Whose?   of Whose?   of Hanu. Hanu. Hanu. His friend is fine.  Do you have His friend is fine.  Do you have His friend is fine.  Do you have any friends? any friends? any friends? No, I don't have anyone. No, I don't have anyone. No, I don't have anyone. no mate. no mate. no mate. Anu, Anu, Anu, you are just passing your life. you are just passing your life. you are just passing your life. Just cutting.   Are Just cutting.   Are Just cutting.   Are ? ? ? Ok. Ok. Ok. You also make your own friends. You also make your own friends. You also make your own friends. I will make it again right now. I will make it again right now. I will make it again right now. When will you make it?   I will When will you make it?   I will When will you make it?   I will sit outside first.  [laughter] sit outside first.  [laughter] sit outside first.  [laughter] Everyone has a friend. Everyone has a friend. Everyone has a friend. Who?  Who? Who?  Who? Who?  Who? Girlfriend. Girlfriend. Girlfriend. What? What? What? Girlfriends are friends, aren't they? Girlfriends are friends, aren't they? Girlfriends are friends, aren't they? Good. Good. Good. Is it yours? Is it yours? Is it yours? Where from?  There is no one. Where from?  There is no one. Where from?  There is no one. Guys, I am leaving now. We have a meeting Guys, I am leaving now. We have a meeting Guys, I am leaving now. We have a meeting and we will have dinner outside.  Shall we go then and we will have dinner outside.  Shall we go then and we will have dinner outside.  Shall we go then ?   Let us go. ?   Let us go. ?   Let us go. Come on brother.  Now get ready. Come on brother.  Now get ready. Come on brother.  Now get ready. Yes, I am ready. Yes, I am ready. Yes, I am ready. So now let's take our GLC. [Music] Guys, we just came to get new we just came to get new we just came to get new glasses made for Avantia.  Avandia also has weak eyes. glasses made for Avantia.  Avandia also has weak eyes. Yes.  Both of us have weak eyes.  It Yes.  Both of us have weak eyes.  It Yes.  Both of us have weak eyes.  It suits you just like it suits me, suits you just like it suits me, yes it will be the same, it yes it will be the same, it yes it will be the same, it looks the same, looks the same, looks the same, keep the chime in it ma'am, you keep the chime in it ma'am, you keep the chime in it ma'am, you call it real call it real call it real check here, I mean I get a manual idea sir, check here, I mean I get a manual idea sir, check here, I mean I get a manual idea sir, look at it in front ma'am, look at your left eye now look at it in front ma'am, look at your left eye now look at it in front ma'am, look at your left eye now ma'am, right now or now it is better than before, ma'am, right now or now it is better than before, ma'am, right now or now it is better than before, now I have closed your left eye ma'am, now I have closed your left eye ma'am, fix it with the right eye, this time I am getting a lot of it done.  One, two, fix it with the right eye, this time I am getting a lot of it done.  One, two, fix it with the right eye, this time I am getting a lot of it done.  One, two, three, three, three, four, five, your selections are complete, this also four, five, your selections are complete, this also four, five, your selections are complete, this also looks good.  Avantika has looks good.  Avantika has looks good.  Avantika has taken six frames in one turn.  Look, I will taken six frames in one turn.  Look, I will taken six frames in one turn.  Look, I will give this for making now and you will get it later. give this for making now and you will get it later. give this for making now and you will get it later. Listen, get this made.  This is what you just posted. Listen, get this made.  This is what you just posted. Listen, get this made.  This is what you just posted. I will say this for Avantika.  First you yourself I will say this for Avantika.  First you yourself I will say this for Avantika.  First you yourself say that you are feeling good.  I'm liking it. say that you are feeling good.  I'm liking it. say that you are feeling good.  I'm liking it. show Show.  He was looking good.  Guys, the show Show.  He was looking good.  Guys, the show Show.  He was looking good.  Guys, the meeting has already taken place.  Have come for dinner. meeting has already taken place.  Have come for dinner. meeting has already taken place.  Have come for dinner. Currently I am waiting for Avanti. Currently I am waiting for Avanti. Currently I am waiting for Avanti. She is also coming.  After that we She is also coming.  After that we She is also coming.  After that we will order food and after eating we will go home today.  Now will order food and after eating we will go home today.  Now will order food and after eating we will go home today.  Now we have to do many things with planning. we have to do many things with planning. we have to do many things with planning. So a meeting has to be held for that.   There are So a meeting has to be held for that.   There are So a meeting has to be held for that.   There are a lot of permissions etc.  So a lot of permissions etc.  So a lot of permissions etc.  So watch it brother, you are going to enjoy it. watch it brother, you are going to enjoy it. watch it brother, you are going to enjoy it. We are going to do something crazy, very crazy. We are going to do something crazy, very crazy. We are going to do something crazy, very crazy. What will you eat? What will you eat? What will you eat? Come on brother, now Avantika has also come.  Listen, Come on brother, now Avantika has also come.  Listen, Come on brother, now Avantika has also come.  Listen, be excited for what we're excited for what's about to happen.   Yes. be excited for what we're excited for what's about to happen.   Yes. In a few days.   Yes. In a few days.   Yes. In a few days.   Yes. I have ordered this Sev Puri.  Look, I have ordered this Sev Puri.  Look, I have ordered this Sev Puri.  Look, something new has come here guys.  So I don't know something new has come here guys.  So I don't know something new has come here guys.  So I don't know what is there right now, welcome drink for us but what is there right now, welcome drink for us but what is there right now, welcome drink for us but chairs are good and who is on the call right now, whom are you talking to, and who is on the call right now, whom are you talking to, and who is on the call right now, whom are you talking to, Benny, Benny, Benny, hi hi hi listen, we have to do that, try no to last challenge, listen, we have to do that, try no to last challenge, listen, we have to do that, try no to last challenge, okay, okay, okay, try no to laugh challenge guys, done, try no to laugh challenge guys, done, try no to laugh challenge guys, done, now you will lose, you will now you will lose, you will now you will lose, you will lose, you are the one who laughs the most, let's see guys. lose, you are the one who laughs the most, let's see guys. lose, you are the one who laughs the most, let's see guys. So I have ordered Sev So I have ordered Sev So I have ordered Sev Puri. Puri. Puri. Look, pick it up and eat it like this.  Guys, everything is going well just Look, pick it up and eat it like this.  Guys, everything is going well just Look, pick it up and eat it like this.  Guys, everything is going well just like Mumbai. like Mumbai. like Mumbai. We go to Mumbai and eat.  So Guys Avant wanted to We go to Mumbai and eat.  So Guys Avant wanted to We go to Mumbai and eat.  So Guys Avant wanted to eat golgappas so he ordered golgappas here. eat golgappas so he ordered golgappas here. eat golgappas so he ordered golgappas here. Look, I have reached home but I am Look, I have reached home but I am Look, I have reached home but I am late.  Everyone must be asleep brother.  Everyone is asleep. late.  Everyone must be asleep brother.  Everyone is asleep. late.  Everyone must be asleep brother.  Everyone is asleep. Look, we're a little late. Look, we're a little late. Look, we're a little late. Not everyone will be asleep. Not everyone will be asleep. Not everyone will be asleep. [nasal sound] Piyush and [nasal sound] Piyush and [nasal sound] Piyush and Sahil must not have slept.  Piyush and Sahil are Sahil must not have slept.  Piyush and Sahil are Sahil must not have slept.  Piyush and Sahil are rarely seen these days. rarely seen these days. rarely seen these days. Brother, I couldn't even see Sahil.  Ever since I came.  I do Brother, I couldn't even see Sahil.  Ever since I came.  I do Brother, I couldn't even see Sahil.  Ever since I came.  I do n't know where Sahil is.  So for now I'll end this vlog.  I n't know where Sahil is.  So for now I'll end this vlog.  I n't know where Sahil is.  So for now I'll end this vlog.  I hope you liked it.  If you hope you liked it.  If you hope you liked it.  If you like it then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. like it then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. like it then please like it.  Please subscribe to the channel. See you See you See you in the next vlog.  Thank you so much for watching.