I want to be better than H. Okay. I want to be better than H. Okay. I want to be better than H. Okay. The last time I sat in a classroom, at the The last time I sat in a classroom, at the The last time I sat in a classroom, at the age of 19, I thought I would age of 19, I thought I would age of 19, I thought I would never have to go to school again.  But never have to go to school again.  But never have to go to school again.  But now I'm sitting here getting ready now I'm sitting here getting ready now I'm sitting here getting ready for my first day of school in Vietnam. for my first day of school in Vietnam. for my first day of school in Vietnam. I'm also so curious to see how it will be, I'm also so curious to see how it will be, I'm also so curious to see how it will be, because I've been living here for three because I've been living here for three because I've been living here for three months already, but I hardly speak any months already, but I hardly speak any months already, but I hardly speak any Vietnamese.  What should I learn that Vietnamese.  What should I learn that Vietnamese.  What should I learn that I can tell the teacher? I can tell the teacher? I can tell the teacher? You should be able to introduce yourself. You should be able to introduce yourself. You should be able to introduce yourself. Ciao. Ciao. Ciao. Z. Ciao.  And then, Z. Ciao.  And then, Z. Ciao.  And then, and then imagine yourself in front of and then imagine yourself in front of and then imagine yourself in front of the the the H H H H H H No, I'm not stupid.  That means No, I'm not stupid.  That means No, I'm not stupid.  That means I'm stupid today. I'm stupid today. I'm stupid today. J, J, J, what other languages ​​do you speak what other languages ​​do you speak what other languages ​​do you speak besides German?  I also speak a besides German?  I also speak a besides German?  I also speak a little English and Japanese, but little English and Japanese, but little English and Japanese, but my English, for example, has gotten so bad my English, for example, has gotten so bad my English, for example, has gotten so bad because I haven't used it at all since school because I haven't used it at all since school because I haven't used it at all since school .  Should I .  Should I .  Should I use bronzer as well?  Yes or no. use bronzer as well?  Yes or no. use bronzer as well?  Yes or no. Bronze sounds so much like gold.  Bronze.   Say Bronze sounds so much like gold.  Bronze.   Say Bronze sounds so much like gold.  Bronze.   Say yes or no.  Say yes or no.  Yes, I never use bronzer, that's why I never use bronzer, that's why I never use bronzer, that's why you don't know about it. you don't know about it. you don't know about it. Unfortunately, it's already broken.  Look, it looks Unfortunately, it's already broken.  Look, it looks Unfortunately, it's already broken.  Look, it looks better, doesn't it? better, doesn't it? better, doesn't it? I see no difference. I see no difference. I see no difference. He sees no difference. He sees no difference. He sees no difference. I'm taking this bag here, a I'm taking this bag here, a I'm taking this bag here, a notebook because she told me to notebook because she told me to notebook because she told me to bring a notebook and a new bring a notebook and a new bring a notebook and a new Etweet, which is also a Etweet, which is also a Etweet, which is also a cuddly toy.  Hippo, what do you call cuddly toy.  Hippo, what do you call cuddly toy.  Hippo, what do you call that?  So, this is the finished that?  So, this is the finished that?  So, this is the finished makeup. makeup. makeup. [laughter] Open up [laughter] Open up [laughter] Open up .   Uh .   Uh .   Uh .  Just call me J Py.  I have it all the .  Just call me J Py.  I have it all the .  Just call me J Py.  I have it all the time.  This is my outfit for time.  This is my outfit for time.  This is my outfit for the first day of school.  Would you the first day of school.  Would you the first day of school.  Would you wear this to a first day of school, or wear this to a first day of school, or wear this to a first day of school, or not?  Now I'm curious to see what not?  Now I'm curious to see what not?  Now I'm curious to see what I'll learn in this lesson.  Let's go. I'll learn in this lesson.  Let's go. I'll learn in this lesson.  Let's go. I want to be better than him. อ อ อ รุย รอ รอ กาย กาย กาย อะ อะยุย Yeah. Uncle, Uncle, Uncle, you are thanked. Yes.