Oh my god, the big guy has arrived. The pilgrim has arrived. The pilgrim has arrived. The pilgrim has arrived. Hi Put it like that, Put it like that, Put it like that, my my my dance is great, dance is great, dance is great, we are sharing love here we are sharing love here we are sharing love here . . . I'm also sharing. I'm also sharing. I'm also sharing. What a blessing. [Screaming] What a blessing. [Screaming] What a blessing. [Screaming] How was the Super America trip How was the Super America trip How was the Super America trip ?   I haven't ?   I haven't ?   I haven't seen you for six months. I was so happy. I'm like this. seen you for six months. I was so happy. I'm like this. seen you for six months. I was so happy. I'm like this. What is my daughter doing? What is my daughter doing? What is my daughter doing? What is my brother doing? What is my brother doing? What is my brother doing? Come and see for yourself. Come and see for yourself. Come and see for yourself. Now listen to the story you are going to tell. Now listen to the story you are going to tell. Now listen to the story you are going to tell. [Music] A man is scared of a ghost. [Music] A man is scared of a ghost. [Music] A man is scared of a ghost. He wants to know what's going on. Okay, don't be shy. He wants to know what's going on. Okay, don't be shy. What a big guy. Look at the way he came. There was What a big guy. Look at the way he came. There was What a big guy. Look at the way he came. There was a ghost in a village. That ghost a ghost in a village. That ghost a ghost in a village. That ghost came from somewhere. It will came from somewhere. It will came from somewhere. It will bite you and kill you bite you and kill you bite you and kill you .  You're going to die [music].   Oh my .  You're going to die [music].   Oh my .  You're going to die [music].   Oh my God, God, God, everything will go to hell.  They wo everything will go to hell.  They wo everything will go to hell.  They wo n't even learn to eat. n't even learn to eat. n't even learn to eat. Why aren't you afraid? Why aren't you afraid? Why aren't you afraid? Hey, that's my choice. Hey, that's my choice. Hey, that's my choice. Hey, you four guys, go too. Hey, you four guys, go too. Hey, you four guys, go too. What's up, everyone?  Do What's up, everyone?  Do What's up, everyone?  Do you go to the gym?  My you go to the gym?  My you go to the gym?  My jungle is full of hands.  Come to the point. Hey, hey, wait, what are you Hey, hey, wait, what are you Hey, hey, wait, what are you saying to scare your kids? Mariamman, you're saying that they'll dance when you put the chicken in the pot. You're done scaring them. You're scaring them saying to scare your kids? Mariamman, you're saying that they'll dance when you put the chicken in the pot. You're done scaring them. You're scaring them properly. You won't be afraid. If he changes, won't be afraid. If he changes, won't be afraid. If he changes, he'll change. he'll change. he'll change. Both of you, my sister and brother, go. In the Both of you, my sister and brother, go. In the Both of you, my sister and brother, go. In the story we're going to tell, you don't story we're going to tell, you don't story we're going to tell, you don't run around with your pants off. run around with your pants off. run around with your pants off. First, fix your douchebag properly. First, fix your douchebag properly. First, fix your douchebag properly. Oh, sir. It's Oh, sir. It's Oh, sir. It's okay. Tell me the story. okay. Tell me the story. okay. Tell me the story. A terrible little law [music] has come upon A terrible little law [music] has come upon A terrible little law [music] has come upon me. me. me. Why should I be afraid if I climb on you?   They do Why should I be afraid if I climb on you?   They do Why should I be afraid if I climb on you?   They do n't step on you, they step on you.  Oh, Sarippa, there's n't step on you, they step on you.  Oh, Sarippa, there's a little devil on you, a little devil on you, a little devil on you, oh, on me, on you, oh, on me, on you, oh, on me, on you, you don't know how to tell a story properly, you don't know how to tell a story properly, you don't know how to tell a story properly, what a scary person you are. what a scary person you are. what a scary person you are. [Laughter] They have a hole in their [Laughter] They have a hole in their ears that says they shouldn't tell scary stories to their children. ears that says they shouldn't tell scary stories to their children. ears that says they shouldn't tell scary stories to their children. Sitting down, Mom, I'm watching now. There must watching now. There must watching now. There must be a ghost. It's bothering be a ghost. It's bothering be a ghost. It's bothering everyone. It's bothering everyone. everyone. It's bothering everyone. It's It's It's eating everyone.  If you eat and go to sleep, my mouth will dry eating everyone.  If you eat and go to sleep, my mouth will dry eating everyone.  If you eat and go to sleep, my mouth will dry up, my mustache will be wet, don't up, my mustache will be wet, don't you go, don't you go, you go, don't you go, you go, don't you go, this guy, don't you this guy, don't you this guy, don't you Why am Why am Why am I running out of petrol? I running out of petrol? I running out of petrol? Mom, Escape will Mom, Escape will Mom, Escape will climb on me, you can handle it yourself. climb on me, you can handle it yourself. climb on me, you can handle it yourself. As long as it's in my ear, no one can scare me. If you can't, try it. As long as it's in my ear, no one can scare me. If you can't, try it. This side vibes. Sister-in-law, stop being scared. What are you lifting? What are you lifting? What are you lifting? Even my brother won't look at you. Hey [laughter] Don't be [laughter] Don't be [laughter] Don't be scared. Mom, just climb on one of the bumps. scared. Mom, just climb on one of the bumps. scared. Mom, just climb on one of the bumps. Just put a cow on it. Just scream and hit it. Just put a cow on it. Just scream and hit it. Just put a cow on it. Just scream and hit it. [laughter] Come and see. Wait, wait, [laughter] Come and see. Wait, wait, [laughter] Come and see. Wait, wait, mommy, I'm going there. [screaming] You're laughing. Are you laughing? Sister-in-law is just like my [screaming] You're laughing. Are you laughing? Sister-in-law is just like my [screaming] You're laughing. Are you laughing? Sister-in-law is just like my mother. Sister-in-law is just like my mother. Sister-in-law is just like my mother. Sister-in-law is just like my mother. You're laughing. You're laughing. I climb on mother. You're laughing. You're laughing. I climb on anyone I see. anyone I see. anyone I see. Look, I have to go home at 6:00 in the morning and Look, I have to go home at 6:00 in the morning and Look, I have to go home at 6:00 in the morning and go to bed. go to bed. go to bed. I have to wake up at 6:00.   I ca I have to wake up at 6:00.   I ca I have to wake up at 6:00.   I ca n't do it. He n't do it. He came and told me 20 days before my grandfather's 60th wedding anniversary came and told me 20 days before my grandfather's 60th wedding anniversary came and told me 20 days before my grandfather's 60th wedding anniversary .  That's why I .  That's why I .  That's why I came here.  I can't go back now. came here.  I can't go back now. came here.  I can't go back now. Everyone has asked me to come, brother. Everyone has asked me to come, brother. Everyone has asked me to come, brother. Vana Siddappa Jaliya may come and go.   Are Vana Siddappa Jaliya may come and go.   Are Vana Siddappa Jaliya may come and go.   Are you afraid to fly? We're going to go by you afraid to fly? We're going to go by you afraid to fly? We're going to go by car.  We'll listen to the song, car.  We'll listen to the song, car.  We'll listen to the song, eat the delicious food, and then go to eat the delicious food, and then go to eat the delicious food, and then go to Jaliya. Jaliya. Jaliya. Your two daughters will love a house that looks more like your grandfather's palace than a mansion Your two daughters will love a house that looks more like your grandfather's palace than a mansion Your two daughters will love a house that looks more like your grandfather's palace than a mansion . . . Property is important to us.   The Property is important to us.   The Property is important to us.   The unlucky clickbait is for cake.   It's unlucky clickbait is for cake.   It's not enough to take the property and put it in the crematorium.  Sarima, can I come? My not enough to take the property and put it in the crematorium.  Sarima, can I come? My not enough to take the property and put it in the crematorium.  Sarima, can I come? My uncle from here is coming.   If uncle from here is coming.   If uncle from here is coming.   If my uncle's daughters don't come, I won't my uncle's daughters don't come, I won't my uncle's daughters don't come, I won't come either. come either. come either. You don't have to come. You don't have to come. You don't have to come. Oh, how can I be so that I don't put it on? It Oh, how can I be so that I don't put it on? It Oh, how can I be so that I don't put it on? It won't be a set for you. won't be a set for you. won't be a set for you. I myself have I myself have I myself have prepared everything, the shoes, the shoes, the shoes, prepared everything, the shoes, the shoes, the shoes, prepared everything, the shoes, the shoes, the shoes, what are you doing? what are you doing? I'm not using this, I'm not using this, I'm not using this, this shoe, this shoe, this shoe, instead of this shoe, this shoe, this shoe, instead of sleeping next to the bed, this shoe is the best. sleeping next to the bed, this shoe is the best. sleeping next to the bed, this shoe is the best. Mommy, be proud of the growth of the baby. Mommy, be proud of the growth of the baby. Mommy, be proud of the growth of the baby. Total family damage. Total family damage. Total family damage. Small shoes, why do you have such big shoes? Small shoes, why do you have such big shoes? Small shoes, why do you have such big shoes? Aha. [Laughter] How can you Aha. [Laughter] How can you protect Sri Anjan and Prasanna Anjan from them? protect Sri Anjan and Prasanna Anjan from them? protect Sri Anjan and Prasanna Anjan from them? Oh, Raga, Ragava, are you the only one who thinks like this, not like this, but like this, and Oh, Raga, Ragava, are you the only one who thinks like this, not like this, but like this, and how can you how can you how can you leave the grader like this? [Laughter] Why won't you leave the grader like this? [Laughter] Why won't you leave the grader like this? [Laughter] Why won't you leave him alone? leave him alone? leave him alone? He hasn't gone to the top yet?  Then I'll go He hasn't gone to the top yet?  Then I'll go He hasn't gone to the top yet?  Then I'll go there too, I'll be the one to help you. I wo there too, I'll be the one to help you. I wo there too, I'll be the one to help you. I wo n't sleep at night. If you want, I'll leave n't sleep at night. If you want, I'll leave n't sleep at night. If you want, I'll leave my life to go away. my life to go away. my life to go away. You, mother, take care of me. You, mother, take care of me. You, mother, take care of me. Hey, you can at least watch him [ __ ]. Is that a Hey, you can at least watch him [ __ ]. Is that a Hey, you can at least watch him [ __ ]. Is that a mistake? mistake? mistake? You told me to go out like this. You told me to go out like this. You told me to go out like this. You do You do You do n't even want to come into the bathroom.  I don't want to go out of the bathroom.   There is no n't even want to come into the bathroom.  I don't want to go out of the bathroom.   There is no n't even want to come into the bathroom.  I don't want to go out of the bathroom.   There is no need to sing a song.  I won't need to sing a song.  I won't need to sing a song.  I won't go to the bathroom. go to the bathroom. go to the bathroom. But I will go to Uchha. But I will go to Uchha. But I will go to Uchha. How can I How can I How can I put something like that on a typewriter, put something like that on a typewriter, put something like that on a typewriter, brother? brother? brother? That's not all, That's not all, That's not all, Watchmen is an Watchmen is an Watchmen is an old idea. old idea. old idea. Then why don't Then why don't Then why don't I go to the bathroom?  But I will go to I go to the bathroom?  But I will go to I go to the bathroom?  But I will go to Uchha. Uchha. Uchha. How is it? How is it? How is it? I have a new idea. I have a new idea. I have a new idea. What's the idea?   I wo What's the idea?   I wo What's the idea?   I wo n't tell you, I'm lusting after you.   It seems like he'll n't tell you, I'm lusting after you.   It seems like he'll go wild [laughter] somehow. go wild [laughter] somehow. go wild [laughter] somehow. Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready, the toilet next to the bed is new, toilet next to the bed is new, toilet next to the bed is new, Emma, ​​I can't stand it, Emma, ​​I'm shaking my head, Papa, no Emma, ​​I can't stand it, Emma, ​​I'm shaking my head, Papa, no Emma, ​​I can't stand it, Emma, ​​I'm shaking my head, Papa, no matter how they go, I matter how they go, I matter how they go, I don't care, I'm going to Juja. don't care, I'm going to Juja. don't care, I'm going to Juja. I don't want to wear sandals, I don't want to go to the bathroom I don't want to wear sandals, I don't want to go to the bathroom I don't want to wear sandals, I don't want to go to the bathroom [laughter] I don't want to go to the bathroom, I don't want to go to the bathroom, [laughter] I don't want to go to the bathroom, I don't want to go to the bathroom, [laughter] I don't want to go to the bathroom, I don't want to go to the bathroom, but I won't tell anyone but I won't tell anyone but I won't tell anyone .  Promise, .  Promise, .  Promise, promise, promise, promise, small request, what's small request, what's small request, what's this? It's been a day since I've finished it. I'm really scared. this? It's been a day since I've finished it. I'm really scared. Where are you running? [Laughter] I'll sing a song, my I'll sing a song, my I'll sing a song, my dear dear dear Maria, Maria, Maria, come and stand in the arena, don't you come and stand in the arena, don't you come and stand in the arena, don't you see me? [Screaming] see me? [Screaming] see me? [Screaming] This Punni, don't you This Punni, don't you This Punni, don't you say that you are a grace puncher, say that you are a grace puncher, say that you are a grace puncher, this world is fighting, keep fighting, keep fighting, keep crying, tell me, you are the one who told me, if she this world is fighting, keep fighting, keep fighting, keep crying, tell me, you are the one who told me, if she breaks, go to town, breaks, go to town, breaks, go to town, mother, is mother, is mother, is he hungry? Has he started? Let's sit near the he hungry? Has he started? Let's sit near the he hungry? Has he started? Let's sit near the water in some village and water in some village and water in some village and eat. eat. eat. That's why he has come to the village. Stop it, mother. He wo That's why he has come to the village. Stop it, mother. He wo That's why he has come to the village. Stop it, mother. He wo n't stop. He vomited. n't stop. He vomited. n't stop. He vomited. Stop it. He can't take it anymore. It's perfect. Come on, come on, come on. Stop it. He can't take it anymore. It's perfect. Come on, come on, come on. There's a lot of garbage on the floor There's a lot of garbage on the floor There's a lot of garbage on the floor . . . What are you doing with your hands on your head? What are you doing with your hands on your head? What are you doing with your hands on your head? Hey, my dear, look up and down and Hey, my dear, look up and down and Hey, my dear, look up and down and throw the dice.   I've been waiting for throw the dice.   I've been waiting for a long time to eat, a long time to eat, but I can't eat here until the rain comes. I've but I can't eat here until the rain comes. I've but I can't eat here until the rain comes. I've been waiting for a long time. I've been waiting for a long time. I'm waiting for a long time. Get up been waiting for a long time. I've been waiting for a long time. I'm waiting for a long time. Get up , get up, go out, go out , get up, go out, go out , get up, go out, go out . . . Hey, what are you going to do? Hey, what are you going to do? Hey, what are you going to do? Take the rope and tie it tightly. tie it tightly. tie it tightly. Pull and hold. Hey, you have to work hard, right? Hey, you have to work hard, right? Hey, you have to work hard, right? I was just hugging him.  Wait and I was just hugging him.  Wait and I was just hugging him.  Wait and see. see. see. Hey, don't drag me around without talking.   Please hit me with Hey, don't drag me around without talking.   Please hit me with Hey, don't drag me around without talking.   Please hit me with something.   If there something.   If there something.   If there was something to hit, why is this happening? was something to hit, why is this happening? Someone must have driven a nail in just for us Someone must have driven a nail in just for us Someone must have driven a nail in just for us .  Foot, foot. .  Foot, foot. .  Foot, foot. Audio. You are behind. Oh, wait, it's raining.  Let's raining.  Let's raining.  Let's climb.  Take two watermelons, climb.  Take two watermelons, climb.  Take two watermelons, oh my, let's go as fast as we can, quickly   It's oh my, let's go as fast as we can, quickly   It's a real commotion when the grandchild comes to say "Hi, grandparents" after the luggage. a real commotion when the grandchild comes to say "Hi, grandparents" after the luggage. a real commotion when the grandchild comes to say "Hi, grandparents" after the luggage. Sir [music] The luggage Sir [music] The luggage Sir [music] The luggage is in the check-in.   The name is in the check-in.   The name is in the check-in.   The name Kokilam is to be Kokilam is to be Kokilam is to be baked [sneeze] Let it [sneeze] Let it [sneeze] Let it be dark be dark be dark Aunty, hello, Aunty, hello, Aunty, hello, hello, uncle, hello, uncle, hello, uncle, bless me Aunty, hello, hello, uncle, uncle, uncle, uncle, bless me Aunty, hello, hello, uncle, uncle, uncle, uncle, bless me Aunty, hello, hello, uncle, uncle, uncle, uncle, mother, what is that? One uncle has a daughter up to mother, what is that? One uncle has a daughter up to mother, what is that? One uncle has a daughter up to his knees, and his knees, and his knees, and another uncle has a daughter up to his another uncle has a daughter up to his another uncle has a daughter up to his knees. If one falls completely, he has knees. If one falls completely, he has knees. If one falls completely, he has two two two daughters. If someone comes next to him, daughters. If someone comes next to him, daughters. If someone comes next to him, look, he look, he look, he has no daughters.  I has no daughters.  I has no daughters.  I wonder if Ivan will say hi from here instead of going to him. wonder if Ivan will say hi from here instead of going to him. wonder if Ivan will say hi from here instead of going to him. Hi, I'm not Hi, I'm not Hi, I'm not saying it's saying it's saying it's perfect, but perfect, but perfect, but where are the big ones? Babyface Babyface Babyface Apoho [Music] [Music] There are many more, run, run, run, run, many more, run, run, run, run, many more, run, run, run, run, Dad, Dad, why are you beating me? Dad, Dad, why are you beating me? Dad, Dad, why are you beating me? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? Stop it, won't you come when you come? You're calling my grandson and Stop it, won't you come when you come? You're calling my grandson and Stop it, won't you come when you come? You're calling my grandson and beating me like this. I beating me like this. I beating me like this. I won't pick up the phone, Grandpa.  Just one phone call and it'll be gone won't pick up the phone, Grandpa.  Just one phone call and it'll be gone won't pick up the phone, Grandpa.  Just one phone call and it'll be gone .   Can't you just .   Can't you just .   Can't you just make a phone call?   He's calling her, she's coming make a phone call?   He's calling her, she's coming make a phone call?   He's calling her, she's coming .   I'll .   I'll .   I'll call her and call her and call her and tell her.  That's why I'll tell her.  That's why I'll tell her.  That's why I'll call anyone.   Hey, call anyone.   Hey, call anyone.   Hey, I have a I have a I have a doubt about the matter.  Which of these three uncle's daughters have doubt about the matter.  Which of these three uncle's daughters have doubt about the matter.  Which of these three uncle's daughters have you loved you loved you loved so far? so far? so far? This is where we will This is where we will This is where we will make love.   The make love.   The make love.   The groom's uncle groom's uncle is waiting for three girls, including my two daughters and Kaviya.  Okay, is waiting for three girls, including my two daughters and Kaviya.  Okay, is waiting for three girls, including my two daughters and Kaviya.  Okay, uncle, uncle, uncle, okay, you three, don't you love only one of them, and the okay, you three, don't you love only one of them, and the okay, you three, don't you love only one of them, and the other two won't get angry, other two won't get angry, other two won't get angry, look here, grandma, we've been friends since we were little, let's look here, grandma, we've been friends since we were little, let's all take a sportive, let's all take a sportive, let's all take a sportive, let's take a sportive, let's take a sportive, take a sportive, let's take a sportive, take a sportive, let's take a sportive, but but but this time, don't tell me who you love, that's all, okay, okay, this time, don't tell me who you love, that's all, okay, okay, this time, don't tell me who you love, that's all, okay, okay, go get some rest, go and get some sleep, go get some rest, go and get some sleep, go get some rest, go and get some sleep, like a mosquito swatting, like a mosquito swatting, how did you come to get water, if I heard someone crying, how did you come to get water, if I heard someone crying, how did you come to get water, if I heard someone crying, I would throw you out of fear I would throw you out of fear I would throw you out of fear . . . What kind of young man What kind of young man What kind of young man came to drink water alone in the middle of the night? came to drink water alone in the middle of the night? came to drink water alone in the middle of the night? Atti, let me tell you something. Atti, let me tell you something. Atti, let me tell you something. You didn't tell anyone about that. You didn't tell anyone about that. You didn't tell anyone about that. What is it? What is it? Grandma, there seems to be someone coming and going near that bridge. Grandma, there seems to be someone coming and going near that bridge. Grandma, there seems to be someone coming and going near that bridge. [Laughter] When [Laughter] When [Laughter] When I was in this house, this was another room, the basket only, there was nothing in this room, basket only, there was nothing in this room, basket only, there was nothing in this room, you thought of something and got you thought of something and got you thought of something and got scared, everyone in our house is scared, everyone in our house is scared, everyone in our house is buying something like that, I don't know where it is, what's the noise, sir, what's wrong, what's the noise, sir, what's wrong, what's the noise, sir, what's wrong, why is the tiki not damaged, what's wrong, tell me, papa, why is the tiki not damaged, what's wrong, tell me, papa, why is the tiki not damaged, what's wrong, tell me, papa, he's scared of this noise, he's scared of this noise, he's scared of this noise, everyone push me, I'll catch her, everyone push me, I'll catch her, everyone push me, I'll catch her, hey [Crying] Come on, what's going on, papa, what's coming, come on, I've changed papa, what's coming, come on, I've changed again, again, again, I put it down, who shouted, who shouted, why is all this in this house, go to him and why is all this in this house, go to him and why is all this in this house, go to him and tell him, this is an illusion, there tell him, this is an illusion, there tell him, this is an illusion, there is a Tulsi Puja in the morning, everyone go and is a Tulsi Puja in the morning, everyone go and is a Tulsi Puja in the morning, everyone go and sing, sing, sing, sing, Srira [Music] Indira Shakthi Srira [Music] Indira Shakthi Srira [Music] Indira Shakthi Puja Grandpa, it's only Grandpa, it's only Grandpa, it's only 60 years since the wedding for both of them. 60 years since the wedding for both of them. 60 years since the wedding for both of them. Oh my god, you're standing there, Oh my god, you're standing there, you and grandma, let's you and grandma, let's you and grandma, let's do the aarti together. do the aarti together. do the aarti together. Great idea. Let's do it. Great idea. Let's do it. Great idea. Let's do it. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. Let's do the aarti with your two eyes. your two eyes. your two eyes. [Music] You [Music] You [Music] You tied me up, you pulled me, it's not enough. tied me up, you pulled me, it's not enough. tied me up, you pulled me, it's not enough. [Music] What's wrong with a [Music] What's wrong with a [Music] What's wrong with a little smile? Father and mother, Father and mother, Father and mother, the story of the old man and the old woman, buying a good house, are you not a bad person? the story of the old man and the old woman, buying a good house, are you not a bad person? After a long time, we After a long time, we After a long time, we will all come together, right? It will all come together, right? It will all come together, right? It will be a shame. will be a shame. will be a shame. Hey Kumar, come and get the coconut and hammer it. Hey Kumar, come and get the coconut and hammer it. Hurry up and hammer it. Hurry up and hammer it. Hurry up and hammer it. You know, You know, You know, Bhagava, come down. Bhagava, come down. Bhagava, come down. Okay, Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Look at your chest. It's so beautiful. It's so Look at your chest. It's so beautiful. It's so Look at your chest. It's so beautiful. It's so beautiful. Enough of beautiful. Enough of beautiful. Enough of playing. Stand up straight. Stand up straight. playing. Stand up straight. Stand up straight. You too, Mom. Wait. Wait. You too, Mom. Wait. Wait. [Music] The [Music] The [Music] The mist is all gone. All the hands, feet, and mist is all gone. All the hands, feet, and mist is all gone. All the hands, feet, and lips are gone. You just sit there. What can lips are gone. You just sit there. What can we do now? we do now? we do now? That's all. I've put my girlfriend in the bag. That's all. I've put my girlfriend in the bag. We are the ones.  I'm watching you, I've watched   " Come on, Kamakshi, take everything correctly and come, take a Come on, Kamakshi, take everything correctly and come, take a Come on, Kamakshi, take everything correctly and come, take a step and come, step and come, step and come, what is this, what is this, the touch pad and the what is this, what is this, the touch pad and the what is this, what is this, the touch pad and the slippers are stuck in my hand, why don't you slippers are stuck in my hand, why don't you slippers are stuck in my hand, why don't you wash them and touch them, no problem, wash them and touch them, no problem, I am the one who stuck them, I am the one who stuck them, I am the one who stuck them, this is my brother Raghavan's technique, maybe it has come, this is my brother Raghavan's technique, maybe it has come, this is my brother Raghavan's technique, maybe it has come, first of all, I want to first of all, I want to first of all, I want to know if there is a ghost or not, know if there is a ghost or not, know if there is a ghost or not, I started the puja, Om Muneeswara, our mother, hello, Nipadis, I hello, Nipadis, I hello, Nipadis, I have touch pads in my hand." have touch pads in my hand." have touch pads in my hand." Look at this, if anyone is dead, please tell me, Look at this, if anyone is dead, please tell me, Look at this, if anyone is dead, please tell me, Kuppatha, it looks Kuppatha, it looks Kuppatha, it looks like she's holding hands and coming here like she's holding hands and coming here like she's holding hands and coming here . . . Om Muneeswaraaya Namah Om Muneeswaraaya Namah Om Muneeswaraaya Namah Om Muneeswaraaya Namah Account sir, have you arrived? have you arrived? have you arrived? Come quickly and just drop it off Come quickly and just drop it off Come quickly and just drop it off .   It seems like the .   It seems like the .   It seems like the government is very aggressive government is very aggressive government is very aggressive . . . Next, you guys, get off. Even if that ghost is idle, that horse wo Even if that ghost is idle, that horse wo Even if that ghost is idle, that horse wo n't be idle.  Maybe the bust n't be idle.  Maybe the bust n't be idle.  Maybe the bust check is over. check is over. check is over. I joined the next bus, Flora Kutty. Oh my God, please take care of me, I'm here care of me, I'm here care of me, I'm here . . . Why [laughter] Kapathukada, Why [laughter] Kapathukada, Why [laughter] Kapathukada, how did I climb so high? how did I climb so high? how did I climb so high? I climbed out of fear. Come I climbed out of fear. Come I climbed out of fear. Come down anyway. I down anyway. I down anyway. I know how to climb, but I don't know how to descend. know how to climb, but I don't know how to descend. know how to climb, but I don't know how to descend. You, Jam Kapathukada You, Jam Kapathukada You, Jam Kapathukada . There's a bad figure in the house, just like you said. Sami, protect me. I saw another close-up. Sami, yes, Sami, protect our mother, Sami. . There's a bad figure in the house, just like you said. Sami, protect me. I saw another close-up. Sami, yes, Sami, protect our mother, Sami. Look, Sami, look, Sami, they're doing the same thing as when that ghost came to the house and licked the blood. Look, Sami, look, Sami, they're doing the same thing as when that ghost came to the house and licked the blood. Look, Sami, look, Sami, they're doing the same thing as when that ghost came to the house and licked the blood. Hi Sami, where are you going? Oh Sami, Hi Sami, where are you going? Oh Sami, Hi Sami, where are you going? Oh Sami, Sami, come on, Sami, come on, Sami, come on, my castle is full of my castle is full of my castle is full of chaos. Sami [Crying] It's chaos. Sami [Crying] It's chaos. Sami [Crying] It's like I'm getting a shock just to get the vibration. Come on, like I'm getting a shock just to get the vibration. Come on, like I'm getting a shock just to get the vibration. Come on, Sami, come on, Sami, come on, let's go Sami, come on, Sami, come on, let's go Sami, come on, Sami, come on, let's go home. Come on, let's go. I home. Come on, let's go. I need a girlfriend. [Laughter] Because if I hang you up, I'm ready, but if Because if I hang you up, I'm ready, but if Because if I hang you up, I'm ready, but if it's not there, it's not there, how can it happen if nothing happens tonight?  You're the one who sleeps every day how can it happen if nothing happens tonight?  You're the one who sleeps every day [laughter] Go to bed, [laughter] Go to bed, [laughter] Go to bed, when did you start a romance and eat bloody food? I when did you start a romance and eat bloody food? I when did you start a romance and eat bloody food? I thought, thought, thought, brother, I have a problem with you at this time. brother, I have a problem with you at this time. brother, I have a problem with you at this time. Yes, Yes, Yes, brother, there's a ghost in this house, brother, there's a ghost in this house, brother, there's a ghost in this house, someone keeps coming, going, coming, someone keeps coming, going, coming, someone keeps coming, going, coming, both are the same. Is that the both are the same. Is that the both are the same. Is that the same problem with us? We've been same problem with us? We've been same problem with us? We've been talking about it. talking about it. talking about it. A ghost just came and stood in front of me. A ghost just came and stood in front of me. A ghost just came and stood in front of me. Brother, whatever ghost we have, brother, Brother, whatever ghost we have, brother, Brother, whatever ghost we have, brother, I'll see I'll see I'll see what we can do now, brother [laughter] Shouldn't we go what we can do now, brother [laughter] Shouldn't we go what we can do now, brother [laughter] Shouldn't we go to that Aghori? Don't hit to that Aghori? Don't hit to that Aghori? Don't hit that Aghori. that Aghori. that Aghori. I know a more powerful Aghori. Okay, okay, fight I know a more powerful Aghori. Okay, okay, fight I know a more powerful Aghori. Okay, okay, fight with Aghori, fight with Aghori, fight with Aghori, with Aghori, fight with Aghori, fight with Aghori, with Aghori, fight with Aghori, fight with Aghori, I won't worship you. Why do I won't worship you. Why do I won't worship you. Why do n't you worship me? Brother, brother, I'll go to Aghori and brother, I'll go to Aghori and brother, I'll go to Aghori and say, "I'll go with you."  How did say, "I'll go with you."  How did say, "I'll go with you."  How did you hide it?   Am you hide it?   Am you hide it?   Am I awake or I awake or I awake or awake? awake? awake? Ushayiti Ushayiti Ushayiti Ushayiti Ushayiti Ushayiti Ushayiti Ushayiti Ushayiti Hey, are you bothering me? [Sighs] Can I get some rice? Can I get a bowl of rice get some rice? Can I get a bowl of rice get some rice? Can I get a bowl of rice ?  No one is eating there. ?  No one is eating there. ?  No one is eating there. A bowl of rice, rice [crying] A bowl of rice, rice [crying] A bowl of rice, rice [crying] Can I get some rice, rice, rice, rice, Can I get some rice, rice, rice, rice, Can I get some rice, rice, rice, rice, biryani? Yes, no one is eating there. Yes, I'm hungry. Go away, brother. Come on, brother. I'll go. biryani? Yes, no one is eating there. Yes, I'm hungry. Go away, brother. Come on, brother. I'll go. Brother. Go away. Come on. [crying] Nothing is Brother. Go away. Come on. [crying] Nothing is Brother. Go away. Come on. [crying] Nothing is happening there. No one says anything to anyone. happening there. No one says anything to anyone. Do you know how to pour the flour properly? I've Do you know how to pour the flour properly? I've Do you know how to pour the flour properly? I've poured it. See if it's enough. poured it. See if it's enough. poured it. See if it's enough. [laughter] [laughter ] The old lady who was waiting for work pulled the bowl and poured the The old lady who was waiting for work pulled the bowl and poured the The old lady who was waiting for work pulled the bowl and poured the flour. flour. flour. You're laughing. You're laughing. You're laughing. What's wrong, Udaar? We What's wrong, Udaar? We What's wrong, Udaar? We came to tell you something important. came to tell you something important. You were afraid and spilled flour into it.   It's not important, that's the You were afraid and spilled flour into it.   It's not important, that's the You were afraid and spilled flour into it.   It's not important, that's the important thing important thing important thing .   It .   It seems like the ghost in this house is still out.  Your boy is on top. seems like the ghost in this house is still out.  Your boy is on top. seems like the ghost in this house is still out.  Your boy is on top. What is it? What is it? What is it? Listen patiently to what we say.  Then Listen patiently to what we say.  Then Listen patiently to what we say.  Then get angry.  Look, he's get angry.  Look, he's get angry.  Look, he's putting on my allergies.  He puts on a trio of lipsticks putting on my allergies.  He puts on a trio of lipsticks putting on my allergies.  He puts on a trio of lipsticks .  Here he is, wearing heels, slapping them .  Here he is, wearing heels, slapping them .  Here he is, wearing heels, slapping them . . . I don't understand anything you're saying.   I'm I don't understand anything you're saying.   I'm I don't understand anything you're saying.   I'm scared. scared. scared. Is there someone else inside him? Is there someone else inside him? Is there someone else inside him? We're going to go and touch the glass.  Then whoever We're going to go and touch the glass.  Then whoever We're going to go and touch the glass.  Then whoever is inside will definitely come out.   If you is inside will definitely come out.   If you is inside will definitely come out.   If you tie him up today, the person inside tie him up today, the person inside tie him up today, the person inside him will come out. him will come out. him will come out. What is it? What is it? What is it? The drama that is being created is like a hug, The drama that is being created is like a hug, The drama that is being created is like a hug, but the truth of the drama will come out.  Is everything Mom but the truth of the drama will come out.  Is everything Mom but the truth of the drama will come out.  Is everything Mom says true? says true? says true? Yes, he has a lot of changes. Yes, he has a lot of changes. We have learned this only through our own practice.  I won't We have learned this only through our own practice.  I won't We have learned this only through our own practice.  I won't tell you if you feel sorry for me.   Is tell you if you feel sorry for me.   Is tell you if you feel sorry for me.   Is that so? that so? that so? Yes.  [Laughter] Yes.  [Laughter] Yes.  [Laughter] I'm so scared. I'm so scared. I'm so scared. I won't believe everything you say about Raghav. I won't believe everything you say about Raghav. I won't believe everything you say about Raghav. However, I agree with what you say However, I agree with what you say However, I agree with what you say . He will come now, just like we talked about this morning He will come now, just like we talked about this morning He will come now, just like we talked about this morning .  Make him sit here and .  Make him sit here and .  Make him sit here and the three of us will come to Kaglosa. the three of us will come to Kaglosa. the three of us will come to Kaglosa. See if she will definitely come out. See if she will definitely come out. See if she will definitely come out. Before he arrives, you should go there and Before he arrives, you should go there and Before he arrives, you should go there and disappear.   Will all disappear.   Will all disappear.   Will all this be okay?  I'm so scared, this be okay?  I'm so scared, this be okay?  I'm so scared, what's going to happen? what's going to happen? what's going to happen? Raghava Raghava Raghava watches and leaves.  Sir, I need to watches and leaves.  Sir, I need to watches and leaves.  Sir, I need to talk to you about something important.  A little talk to you about something important.  A little talk to you about something important.  A little taxing? taxing? taxing? I too have gone to important work I too have gone to important work I too have gone to important work .   We've been .   We've been .   We've been calling you, come and calling you, come and calling you, come and sit down. sit down. sit down. Take it. Take it. Take it. Nothing, Raghav, there are only three of us Nothing, Raghav, there are only three of us Nothing, Raghav, there are only three of us .  We can also come to your house. .  We can also come to your house. .  We can also come to your house. You shouldn't come here, we're disturbing you You shouldn't come here, we're disturbing you You shouldn't come here, we're disturbing you .   Look at .   Look at .   Look at my eyes, Raga, all your my eyes, Raga, all your my eyes, Raga, all your anger will go away. Hey, how long have I been waiting for this? Hey, how long have I been waiting for this? Hey, how long have I been waiting for this? Leave it. Leave it. Leave it. [Music] Leave it. I won't leave it. I won't leave it. I won't leave it. Hey, hey, [Music] Leave it. I won't leave it. I won't leave it. I won't leave it. Hey, hey, the three of you have come the three of you have come the three of you have come out with a plan. What are you doing? If out with a plan. What are you doing? If out with a plan. What are you doing? If I come and hug your lover, will I come and hug your lover, will I come and hug your lover, will you get angry or not?   I have you get angry or not?   I have you get angry or not?   I have my lover inside me too.  The three my lover inside me too.  The three my lover inside me too.  The three of you are hugging an apple together. of you are hugging an apple together. of you are hugging an apple together. You are dolls. You are dolls. You are dolls. Look at Sangam. Even if you rub it a thousand times, talk to it, hug it, Look at Sangam. Even if you rub it a thousand times, talk to it, hug it, Look at Sangam. Even if you rub it a thousand times, talk to it, hug it, hug it, and hug it, and hug it, and give it to me, "Umma, umma," I wo give it to me, "Umma, umma," I wo give it to me, "Umma, umma," I wo n't be charmed by your makeup and beauty.  His n't be charmed by your makeup and beauty.  His n't be charmed by your makeup and beauty.  His fascination is a stain on my beauty.   Do fascination is a stain on my beauty.   Do fascination is a stain on my beauty.   Do you understand that you understand that you understand that in front of my beauty, you three are in front of my beauty, you three are very afraid of being called bigots. I very afraid of being called bigots. I very afraid of being called bigots. I speak softly.  do you know English I am speak softly.  do you know English I am speak softly.  do you know English I am in love with Kali how dare you touch in love with Kali how dare you touch in love with Kali how dare you touch him you got the point you got the point you got the point who is this Kali why did she do all this who is this Kali why did she do all this who is this Kali why did she do all this the hell is happening why did she the hell is happening why did she the hell is happening why did she buy your neck don't need buy your neck don't need buy your neck don't need to explain it to you have avey iron to explain it to you have avey iron to explain it to you have avey iron go and sleepy good night go and sleepy good night go and sleepy good night baby uppa baby uppa baby uppa that's what we said don't believe it now come and that's what we said don't believe it now come and that's what we said don't believe it now come and look me in the eye come and ask me what's look me in the eye come and ask me what's going on like a doll this is Tamil you are the one going on like a doll this is Tamil you are the one going on like a doll this is Tamil you are the one asking answer this meaning what did this guy do is she what did this guy do is she what did this guy do is she teasing you do you know do you know teasing you do you know do you know teasing you do you know do you know everyone know? everyone know? everyone know? Sir, Sir, Sir, okay, I okay, I okay, I heard this somewhere. Oh my, don't heard this somewhere. Oh my, don't look at my other face. Is it look at my other face. Is it look at my other face. Is it another face? Where is my face? [Screaming] A ghost hit me, I don't know I don't know why I hit you even after showing you my whole face. Why did you hit me? You're a why I hit you even after showing you my whole face. Why did you hit me? You're a why I hit you even after showing you my whole face. Why did you hit me? You're a bad person, Sami? bad person, Sami? bad person, Sami? Om Shakti Parashakti Om Shakti Parashakti Hara Hara Come out. Are you Om Shakti Parashakti Om Shakti Parashakti Hara Hara Come out. Are you Om Shakti Parashakti Om Shakti Parashakti Hara Hara Come out. Are you calling anyone else? Empty. calling anyone else? Empty. calling anyone else? Empty. [Screaming] Are you [Screaming] Are you [Screaming] Are you calling anyone else to complain? What's wrong? Oh my. calling anyone else to complain? What's wrong? Oh my. calling anyone else to complain? What's wrong? Oh my. [Screaming] Is another voice calling? Is [Screaming] Is another voice calling? Is [Screaming] Is another voice calling? Is that even wrong? that even wrong? that even wrong? You're asking. This is a bigger problem. Sami, This is a bigger problem. Sami, This is a bigger problem. Sami, tell me tell me tell me who hit you. who hit you. who hit you. We're not here. If she was behind the sofa, We're not here. If she was behind the sofa, We're not here. If she was behind the sofa, she would have hit you. She would have died. she would have hit you. She would have died. You're old. It doesn't matter if you die. We've You're old. It doesn't matter if you die. We've forgiven you. We got forgiven you. We got forgiven you. We got married.  [Laughter] Can we get a bag? [Laughter] No, no, mom, [Laughter] No, no, mom, no  [Laughter] Oh my god, god, god, [Laughter] he [Laughter] he [Laughter] he sat in the middle.  That sat in the middle.  That sat in the middle.  That devilish man, you are a devilish man, you are a devilish man, you are a very bad person, Sami, you are a very bad person, Sami, you are a very bad person, Sami, you are a very bad person, Sami, very bad person, Sami, very bad person, Sami, you are a you are a you are a very bad person, Sami, Sami, Sami, very bad person, Sami, Sami, Sami, you come, you come, you come, little girl, thank you, thank you little girl, thank you, thank you little girl, thank you, thank you [laughter] Don't be deceived, come here, I have been [laughter] Don't be deceived, come here, I have been taking the devil's beating for many years, there is no taking the devil's beating for many years, there is no taking the devil's beating for many years, there is no discount, discount, discount, you are the one who is in love, I will let you go, mother you are the one who is in love, I will let you go, mother you are the one who is in love, I will let you go, mother Oh mother, what are Oh mother, what are Oh mother, what are you doing standing there, come here you doing standing there, come here That's That's That's scary [laughter] What, you called me to dance, you are just What, you called me to dance, you are just What, you called me to dance, you are just dancing, are dancing, are dancing, are you a little bit of a fool? you a little bit of a fool? you a little bit of a fool? Hey Moonjali, come here, Hey Moonjali, come here, Hey Moonjali, come here, Om Shakti. [Laughing] Parashakti, Om Shakti, Om Shakti. [Laughing] Parashakti, Om Shakti, Om Shakti. [Laughing] Parashakti, Om Shakti, Parashakti, Om Shakti, Parashakti, Om Shakti, Parashakti, Om Shakti, Parashakti, Om Shakti, Parashakti, Om Shakti, Parashakti, Om Shakti, Parashakti. Parashakti. Parashakti. [Crying] Are [Crying] Are [Crying] Are you a ghost or am I a ghost? you a ghost or am I a ghost? you a ghost or am I a ghost? You are you, you are you, you are me, stand back a You are you, you are you, you are me, stand back a You are you, you are you, you are me, stand back a little, if little, if you turn around, I will hit you, even if you turn around, we will hit you, what kind of song is there, standing there, pumping, no   I'm going out for what kind of song is there, standing there, pumping, no   I'm going out for what kind of song is there, standing there, pumping, no   I'm going out for important work and important work and important work and will make biryani when I return. will make biryani when I return. will make biryani when I return. Sir, what will I do after seeing the trial that has come to our family? Sir, what will I do after seeing the trial that has come to our family?