Rise and grind, folks.
I'm doing a product review
on a new furnace cooling condenser that
we just installed.
This
is a 80% upflow
90 KBTU Ducane furnace.
And out of courtesy, we installed the
filter right here for this customer. So,
now
they can replace the filter
without having to open the door.
And
as you can see, that's just conventional
PVC run.
That's your line set.
This evap coil, which is a 3-ton upflow,
this evap coil was the same dimension as
the other one. So, as you you can see,
we didn't have to get too crazy here
with the ductwork.
But, I'm going to show you guys
something here.
As far as with the outside unit.
Now, as you guys
can tell, I believe I posted a few heat
pump installs and also condenser
installs, but preferably, guys, I like
the Ducane brand. And I mean, to each
his own, guys.
I feel like anyone can tell you a horror
story or a great story in regards to
every brand. But, I always tell
customers, and I get this inquiry a lot.
Customers can ask me, "Hey, you know,
what brand do you recommend?" Guys, any
brand can work as long as you install it
properly
and you keep it maintained. That's how
you get the most out of your system.
But, from personal experience,
we deal with Ducane because, once again,
we dealt with them for a long time. And
their technical support is great. Um
when when that means is not only with
troubleshooting,
but also, if something falls under
warranty, guys, our company offers 10
years parts warranty. Labor warranty can
be extended, um depends on which option
they choose when they get the equipment
um when they purchase the equipment. You
know, we offer a labor all the way up to
10-years labor. So, but guys, the point
is anytime I recommend replacing a
system, I need to make sure that
whatever whatever I'm selling to a
customer,
I want to make sure they're going to
have minimum problems. And like if I
notice from experience, you know, if we
have like warranty issues with a certain
brand, you know, I'm not going to put it
anybody out there, but let's say we had,
you know, issues getting a motor and if
the customer has been without AC now for
2 weeks and now, unfortunately, we can't
put in a universal part on something
that's under warranty or you could avoid
the warranty. But guys, I've been in
that scenario and like I said, you live
and you learn. You know, you try not to
take things personal, but you just learn
as you go and like from experience,
if these Ducane units ever did break
down, I know I can get parts same day.
So, like and this is something I tell
customers up front, you know, because
part of what we sell, we sell we sell
parts, we sell equipment, but guys, we
sell a service, you know. We sell we
tell customers, "Hey, here's what you
can expect worst case scenario and
that's if you have any issues, you know,
we do offer maintenance, XYZ, but if
something breaks, guys, I can tell them
exactly worst case scenario how long
it'll take just out experience of me
dealing with Ducane.
Um this particular one is a 16 seer. We
sell a lot of 13s. Um depends like on
the situation. If you have like a
landlord-tenant situation, you know,
usually they just want something
economic and there's nothing wrong with
13 seer, but we always give customers
the option of upgrading
to either 16 if it's straight AC. Um
with heat pumps, the highest
um Ducane currently goes at 17 seer. And
like I said, from experience, you know,
these are pretty quick and pretty easy
to install, but most importantly, they
run like tanks, you know. And that's
what a customer wants to hear, you know,
efficiency is great, but
I think, you know, these customers that
get 16 and 17 seer equipment, if they
have a lot of breakdowns, I can
guarantee they're going to think 16 seer
is a piece of crap. But like I said,
guys, from experience, Ducane, these
things run like tanks. Customers
definitely love them, you know, that
you're going to get bang for your buck.
And as you can see, we put a new pad
down here.
And like you said, everything here was
just retrofitted. Um it wasn't anything
fancy or anything that needed to be
modified. Um disconnect is still
functioning fine. And guys, whenever we
replace AC units, if the old disconnect
box is it if it's you can tell based on
physical condition, but if the physical
condition of the disconnect box is like
hanging on by a thread or if it's rusted
over to a point where, you know, we
think that the connections inside the
disconnect box could go out, we'll just
put we'll just put a new disconnect box
in the wall. But once again, that
disconnect box
um it's still it's still within range. I
think the old AC unit was about what, 26
years old? That was a '96 um serial
number, but yeah, the disconnect and the
electric everything was okay. But guys,
like I said, from my experience, these
um these Ducane units, whether you're
you're doing heat pump or or straight
AC, I personally had no issues with
them. Um we've been in business now for
6 years. We've been using them for I
want to say at least 4 years. So, ever
since like I want to say what, towards
the end of 2018. But like I said, guys,
I mean, to each his own, but for our
customers and from experience, you know,
if you install these units the right way
and you keep up with the with the
maintenance and you mention all this,
you know, upon selling the um your
equipment to a customer, setting You
want to set proper expectations. You
want them to know what they can expect.
You know, I I don't think price is going
to be an issue if they know what they're
going to get, you know? Cuz, you know,
last thing you want and last thing a
customer wants to spend money and, you
know, they they spend money on the false
expectations. Like it could be something
that they that's very important to them
and you you left that out, you know?
Maybe they really care about a a certain
aspect. They want a quiet unit, you
know? You know, the higher the
efficiency the lower decibels that the
condenser is going to run, you know?
Maybe this condenser, not here, but
maybe this condenser at a customer's
house could be in the area that that's
very populated in the summertime. So,
like they could be doing a barbecue next
to the condenser and like if they had
that if they had a real issue with
sound, that's something that either
they're going to tell you or that's
something that you have to make sure you
bring up to the to their attention when
you replace equipment because if their
old unit was making a loud sound and
they didn't tell you that, last thing
you want when you sell equipment is to
not bring up any pain points, not to
really get, you know, get those get that
frustration out of a customer, you know,
as far as what what did they want that
that that old system to do that it that
it never can do, you know? Maybe it
could have been keeping up with
temperature, maybe it could have been
sound, but like I said, last thing you
want to do, guys, is bring this all up
to a customer once a new system is
installed because now you're going to be
working backwards and that's how you
piss customers off, you know? You guys
always want to dot your dot your eyes
and cross your tees before you start
replacing equipment, but like I said,
Ducane is great, you know, we're going
to rock with them now for the for you
know, for the next foreseeable future.
Like I said, I had no really no issues
with warranty or or, you know, any
breakdowns, anything like that. Yeah.
So, there you guys have it.
I'm going to wrap this up with the
customer
and I'll see you on the next one. Peace.
