Rise and grind, folks. Rise and grind, folks. Rise and grind, folks. I'm doing a product review I'm doing a product review I'm doing a product review on a new furnace cooling condenser that on a new furnace cooling condenser that on a new furnace cooling condenser that we just installed. we just installed. we just installed. This This This is a 80% upflow is a 80% upflow is a 80% upflow 90 KBTU Ducane furnace. 90 KBTU Ducane furnace. 90 KBTU Ducane furnace. And out of courtesy, we installed the And out of courtesy, we installed the And out of courtesy, we installed the filter right here for this customer. So, filter right here for this customer. So, filter right here for this customer. So, now now now they can replace the filter they can replace the filter they can replace the filter without having to open the door. without having to open the door. without having to open the door. And And And as you can see, that's just conventional as you can see, that's just conventional as you can see, that's just conventional PVC run. PVC run. PVC run. That's your line set. That's your line set. That's your line set. This evap coil, which is a 3-ton upflow, This evap coil, which is a 3-ton upflow, This evap coil, which is a 3-ton upflow, this evap coil was the same dimension as this evap coil was the same dimension as this evap coil was the same dimension as the other one. So, as you you can see, the other one. So, as you you can see, the other one. So, as you you can see, we didn't have to get too crazy here we didn't have to get too crazy here we didn't have to get too crazy here with the ductwork. with the ductwork. with the ductwork. But, I'm going to show you guys But, I'm going to show you guys But, I'm going to show you guys something here. As far as with the outside unit. As far as with the outside unit. As far as with the outside unit. Now, as you guys Now, as you guys Now, as you guys can tell, I believe I posted a few heat can tell, I believe I posted a few heat can tell, I believe I posted a few heat pump installs and also condenser pump installs and also condenser pump installs and also condenser installs, but preferably, guys, I like installs, but preferably, guys, I like installs, but preferably, guys, I like the Ducane brand. And I mean, to each the Ducane brand. And I mean, to each the Ducane brand. And I mean, to each his own, guys. his own, guys. his own, guys. I feel like anyone can tell you a horror I feel like anyone can tell you a horror I feel like anyone can tell you a horror story or a great story in regards to story or a great story in regards to story or a great story in regards to every brand. But, I always tell every brand. But, I always tell every brand. But, I always tell customers, and I get this inquiry a lot. customers, and I get this inquiry a lot. customers, and I get this inquiry a lot. Customers can ask me, "Hey, you know, Customers can ask me, "Hey, you know, Customers can ask me, "Hey, you know, what brand do you recommend?" Guys, any what brand do you recommend?" Guys, any what brand do you recommend?" Guys, any brand can work as long as you install it brand can work as long as you install it brand can work as long as you install it properly properly properly and you keep it maintained. That's how and you keep it maintained. That's how and you keep it maintained. That's how you get the most out of your system. you get the most out of your system. you get the most out of your system. But, from personal experience, But, from personal experience, But, from personal experience, we deal with Ducane because, once again, we deal with Ducane because, once again, we deal with Ducane because, once again, we dealt with them for a long time. And we dealt with them for a long time. And we dealt with them for a long time. And their technical support is great. Um their technical support is great. Um their technical support is great. Um when when that means is not only with when when that means is not only with when when that means is not only with troubleshooting, troubleshooting, troubleshooting, but also, if something falls under but also, if something falls under but also, if something falls under warranty, guys, our company offers 10 warranty, guys, our company offers 10 warranty, guys, our company offers 10 years parts warranty. Labor warranty can years parts warranty. Labor warranty can years parts warranty. Labor warranty can be extended, um depends on which option be extended, um depends on which option be extended, um depends on which option they choose when they get the equipment they choose when they get the equipment they choose when they get the equipment um when they purchase the equipment. You um when they purchase the equipment. You um when they purchase the equipment. You know, we offer a labor all the way up to know, we offer a labor all the way up to know, we offer a labor all the way up to 10-years labor. So, but guys, the point 10-years labor. So, but guys, the point 10-years labor. So, but guys, the point is anytime I recommend replacing a is anytime I recommend replacing a is anytime I recommend replacing a system, I need to make sure that system, I need to make sure that system, I need to make sure that whatever whatever I'm selling to a whatever whatever I'm selling to a whatever whatever I'm selling to a customer, customer, customer, I want to make sure they're going to I want to make sure they're going to I want to make sure they're going to have minimum problems. And like if I have minimum problems. And like if I have minimum problems. And like if I notice from experience, you know, if we notice from experience, you know, if we notice from experience, you know, if we have like warranty issues with a certain have like warranty issues with a certain have like warranty issues with a certain brand, you know, I'm not going to put it brand, you know, I'm not going to put it brand, you know, I'm not going to put it anybody out there, but let's say we had, anybody out there, but let's say we had, anybody out there, but let's say we had, you know, issues getting a motor and if you know, issues getting a motor and if you know, issues getting a motor and if the customer has been without AC now for the customer has been without AC now for the customer has been without AC now for 2 weeks and now, unfortunately, we can't 2 weeks and now, unfortunately, we can't 2 weeks and now, unfortunately, we can't put in a universal part on something put in a universal part on something put in a universal part on something that's under warranty or you could avoid that's under warranty or you could avoid that's under warranty or you could avoid the warranty. But guys, I've been in the warranty. But guys, I've been in the warranty. But guys, I've been in that scenario and like I said, you live that scenario and like I said, you live that scenario and like I said, you live and you learn. You know, you try not to and you learn. You know, you try not to and you learn. You know, you try not to take things personal, but you just learn take things personal, but you just learn take things personal, but you just learn as you go and like from experience, as you go and like from experience, as you go and like from experience, if these Ducane units ever did break if these Ducane units ever did break if these Ducane units ever did break down, I know I can get parts same day. down, I know I can get parts same day. down, I know I can get parts same day. So, like and this is something I tell So, like and this is something I tell So, like and this is something I tell customers up front, you know, because customers up front, you know, because customers up front, you know, because part of what we sell, we sell we sell part of what we sell, we sell we sell part of what we sell, we sell we sell parts, we sell equipment, but guys, we parts, we sell equipment, but guys, we parts, we sell equipment, but guys, we sell a service, you know. We sell we sell a service, you know. We sell we sell a service, you know. We sell we tell customers, "Hey, here's what you tell customers, "Hey, here's what you tell customers, "Hey, here's what you can expect worst case scenario and can expect worst case scenario and can expect worst case scenario and that's if you have any issues, you know, that's if you have any issues, you know, that's if you have any issues, you know, we do offer maintenance, XYZ, but if we do offer maintenance, XYZ, but if we do offer maintenance, XYZ, but if something breaks, guys, I can tell them something breaks, guys, I can tell them something breaks, guys, I can tell them exactly worst case scenario how long exactly worst case scenario how long exactly worst case scenario how long it'll take just out experience of me it'll take just out experience of me it'll take just out experience of me dealing with Ducane. dealing with Ducane. dealing with Ducane. Um this particular one is a 16 seer. We Um this particular one is a 16 seer. We Um this particular one is a 16 seer. We sell a lot of 13s. Um depends like on sell a lot of 13s. Um depends like on sell a lot of 13s. Um depends like on the situation. If you have like a the situation. If you have like a the situation. If you have like a landlord-tenant situation, you know, landlord-tenant situation, you know, landlord-tenant situation, you know, usually they just want something usually they just want something usually they just want something economic and there's nothing wrong with economic and there's nothing wrong with economic and there's nothing wrong with 13 seer, but we always give customers 13 seer, but we always give customers 13 seer, but we always give customers the option of upgrading the option of upgrading the option of upgrading to either 16 if it's straight AC. Um to either 16 if it's straight AC. Um to either 16 if it's straight AC. Um with heat pumps, the highest with heat pumps, the highest with heat pumps, the highest um Ducane currently goes at 17 seer. And um Ducane currently goes at 17 seer. And um Ducane currently goes at 17 seer. And like I said, from experience, you know, like I said, from experience, you know, like I said, from experience, you know, these are pretty quick and pretty easy these are pretty quick and pretty easy these are pretty quick and pretty easy to install, but most importantly, they to install, but most importantly, they to install, but most importantly, they run like tanks, you know. And that's run like tanks, you know. And that's run like tanks, you know. And that's what a customer wants to hear, you know, what a customer wants to hear, you know, what a customer wants to hear, you know, efficiency is great, but efficiency is great, but efficiency is great, but I think, you know, these customers that I think, you know, these customers that I think, you know, these customers that get 16 and 17 seer equipment, if they get 16 and 17 seer equipment, if they get 16 and 17 seer equipment, if they have a lot of breakdowns, I can have a lot of breakdowns, I can have a lot of breakdowns, I can guarantee they're going to think 16 seer guarantee they're going to think 16 seer guarantee they're going to think 16 seer is a piece of crap. But like I said, is a piece of crap. But like I said, is a piece of crap. But like I said, guys, from experience, Ducane, these guys, from experience, Ducane, these guys, from experience, Ducane, these things run like tanks. Customers things run like tanks. Customers things run like tanks. Customers definitely love them, you know, that definitely love them, you know, that definitely love them, you know, that you're going to get bang for your buck. you're going to get bang for your buck. you're going to get bang for your buck. And as you can see, we put a new pad And as you can see, we put a new pad And as you can see, we put a new pad down here. down here. down here. And like you said, everything here was And like you said, everything here was And like you said, everything here was just retrofitted. Um it wasn't anything just retrofitted. Um it wasn't anything just retrofitted. Um it wasn't anything fancy or anything that needed to be fancy or anything that needed to be fancy or anything that needed to be modified. Um disconnect is still modified. Um disconnect is still modified. Um disconnect is still functioning fine. And guys, whenever we functioning fine. And guys, whenever we functioning fine. And guys, whenever we replace AC units, if the old disconnect replace AC units, if the old disconnect replace AC units, if the old disconnect box is it if it's you can tell based on box is it if it's you can tell based on box is it if it's you can tell based on physical condition, but if the physical physical condition, but if the physical physical condition, but if the physical condition of the disconnect box is like condition of the disconnect box is like condition of the disconnect box is like hanging on by a thread or if it's rusted hanging on by a thread or if it's rusted hanging on by a thread or if it's rusted over to a point where, you know, we over to a point where, you know, we over to a point where, you know, we think that the connections inside the think that the connections inside the think that the connections inside the disconnect box could go out, we'll just disconnect box could go out, we'll just disconnect box could go out, we'll just put we'll just put a new disconnect box put we'll just put a new disconnect box put we'll just put a new disconnect box in the wall. But once again, that in the wall. But once again, that in the wall. But once again, that disconnect box disconnect box disconnect box um it's still it's still within range. I um it's still it's still within range. I um it's still it's still within range. I think the old AC unit was about what, 26 think the old AC unit was about what, 26 think the old AC unit was about what, 26 years old? That was a '96 um serial years old? That was a '96 um serial years old? That was a '96 um serial number, but yeah, the disconnect and the number, but yeah, the disconnect and the number, but yeah, the disconnect and the electric everything was okay. But guys, electric everything was okay. But guys, electric everything was okay. But guys, like I said, from my experience, these like I said, from my experience, these like I said, from my experience, these um these Ducane units, whether you're um these Ducane units, whether you're um these Ducane units, whether you're you're doing heat pump or or straight you're doing heat pump or or straight you're doing heat pump or or straight AC, I personally had no issues with AC, I personally had no issues with AC, I personally had no issues with them. Um we've been in business now for them. Um we've been in business now for them. Um we've been in business now for 6 years. We've been using them for I 6 years. We've been using them for I 6 years. We've been using them for I want to say at least 4 years. So, ever want to say at least 4 years. So, ever want to say at least 4 years. So, ever since like I want to say what, towards since like I want to say what, towards since like I want to say what, towards the end of 2018. But like I said, guys, the end of 2018. But like I said, guys, the end of 2018. But like I said, guys, I mean, to each his own, but for our I mean, to each his own, but for our I mean, to each his own, but for our customers and from experience, you know, customers and from experience, you know, customers and from experience, you know, if you install these units the right way if you install these units the right way if you install these units the right way and you keep up with the with the and you keep up with the with the and you keep up with the with the maintenance and you mention all this, maintenance and you mention all this, maintenance and you mention all this, you know, upon selling the um your you know, upon selling the um your you know, upon selling the um your equipment to a customer, setting You equipment to a customer, setting You equipment to a customer, setting You want to set proper expectations. You want to set proper expectations. You want to set proper expectations. You want them to know what they can expect. want them to know what they can expect. want them to know what they can expect. You know, I I don't think price is going You know, I I don't think price is going You know, I I don't think price is going to be an issue if they know what they're to be an issue if they know what they're to be an issue if they know what they're going to get, you know? Cuz, you know, going to get, you know? Cuz, you know, going to get, you know? Cuz, you know, last thing you want and last thing a last thing you want and last thing a last thing you want and last thing a customer wants to spend money and, you customer wants to spend money and, you customer wants to spend money and, you know, they they spend money on the false know, they they spend money on the false know, they they spend money on the false expectations. Like it could be something expectations. Like it could be something expectations. Like it could be something that they that's very important to them that they that's very important to them that they that's very important to them and you you left that out, you know? and you you left that out, you know? and you you left that out, you know? Maybe they really care about a a certain Maybe they really care about a a certain Maybe they really care about a a certain aspect. They want a quiet unit, you aspect. They want a quiet unit, you aspect. They want a quiet unit, you know? You know, the higher the know? You know, the higher the know? You know, the higher the efficiency the lower decibels that the efficiency the lower decibels that the efficiency the lower decibels that the condenser is going to run, you know? condenser is going to run, you know? condenser is going to run, you know? Maybe this condenser, not here, but Maybe this condenser, not here, but Maybe this condenser, not here, but maybe this condenser at a customer's maybe this condenser at a customer's maybe this condenser at a customer's house could be in the area that that's house could be in the area that that's house could be in the area that that's very populated in the summertime. So, very populated in the summertime. So, very populated in the summertime. So, like they could be doing a barbecue next like they could be doing a barbecue next like they could be doing a barbecue next to the condenser and like if they had to the condenser and like if they had to the condenser and like if they had that if they had a real issue with that if they had a real issue with that if they had a real issue with sound, that's something that either sound, that's something that either sound, that's something that either they're going to tell you or that's they're going to tell you or that's they're going to tell you or that's something that you have to make sure you something that you have to make sure you something that you have to make sure you bring up to the to their attention when bring up to the to their attention when bring up to the to their attention when you replace equipment because if their you replace equipment because if their you replace equipment because if their old unit was making a loud sound and old unit was making a loud sound and old unit was making a loud sound and they didn't tell you that, last thing they didn't tell you that, last thing they didn't tell you that, last thing you want when you sell equipment is to you want when you sell equipment is to you want when you sell equipment is to not bring up any pain points, not to not bring up any pain points, not to not bring up any pain points, not to really get, you know, get those get that really get, you know, get those get that really get, you know, get those get that frustration out of a customer, you know, frustration out of a customer, you know, frustration out of a customer, you know, as far as what what did they want that as far as what what did they want that as far as what what did they want that that that old system to do that it that that that old system to do that it that that that old system to do that it that it never can do, you know? Maybe it it never can do, you know? Maybe it it never can do, you know? Maybe it could have been keeping up with could have been keeping up with could have been keeping up with temperature, maybe it could have been temperature, maybe it could have been temperature, maybe it could have been sound, but like I said, last thing you sound, but like I said, last thing you sound, but like I said, last thing you want to do, guys, is bring this all up want to do, guys, is bring this all up want to do, guys, is bring this all up to a customer once a new system is to a customer once a new system is to a customer once a new system is installed because now you're going to be installed because now you're going to be installed because now you're going to be working backwards and that's how you working backwards and that's how you working backwards and that's how you piss customers off, you know? You guys piss customers off, you know? You guys piss customers off, you know? You guys always want to dot your dot your eyes always want to dot your dot your eyes always want to dot your dot your eyes and cross your tees before you start and cross your tees before you start and cross your tees before you start replacing equipment, but like I said, replacing equipment, but like I said, replacing equipment, but like I said, Ducane is great, you know, we're going Ducane is great, you know, we're going Ducane is great, you know, we're going to rock with them now for the for you to rock with them now for the for you to rock with them now for the for you know, for the next foreseeable future. know, for the next foreseeable future. know, for the next foreseeable future. Like I said, I had no really no issues Like I said, I had no really no issues Like I said, I had no really no issues with warranty or or, you know, any with warranty or or, you know, any with warranty or or, you know, any breakdowns, anything like that. Yeah. breakdowns, anything like that. Yeah. breakdowns, anything like that. Yeah. So, there you guys have it. So, there you guys have it. So, there you guys have it. I'm going to wrap this up with the I'm going to wrap this up with the I'm going to wrap this up with the customer customer customer and I'll see you on the next one. Peace.