Today I pretended to get fruits and flowers for mom Today I pretended to get fruits and flowers for mom Today I pretended to get fruits and flowers for mom and in the end got her a new phone.  We are the and in the end got her a new phone.  We are the and in the end got her a new phone.  We are the wave of happiness, my mother was wave of happiness, my mother was wave of happiness, my mother was giving me dose morning and evening for a long time that get me trees, get me giving me dose morning and evening for a long time that get me trees, get me giving me dose morning and evening for a long time that get me trees, get me trees, get me trees.  Now the ear was trees, get me trees.  Now the ear was trees, get me trees.  Now the ear was cut off.  So Buddhadev ji said, let's cut off.  So Buddhadev ji said, let's cut off.  So Buddhadev ji said, let's bring it today.  When we sold mango and litchi boats, bring it today.  When we sold mango and litchi boats, bring it today.  When we sold mango and litchi boats, our first plan was to our first plan was to our first plan was to bring mom to the nursery.  Where we bring mom to the nursery.  Where we bring mom to the nursery.  Where we saw all kinds of lame mangoes but I saw all kinds of lame mangoes but I saw all kinds of lame mangoes but I liked Daseri.  By the way, liked Daseri.  By the way, liked Daseri.  By the way, tell me in the comments which mango you like.  Then Buddhadev ji tell me in the comments which mango you like.  Then Buddhadev ji tell me in the comments which mango you like.  Then Buddhadev ji also saw some sofas for his new home also saw some sofas for his new home also saw some sofas for his new home and mother planted a complete garden here and mother planted a complete garden here and mother planted a complete garden here and seeing all this feast, my sister and seeing all this feast, my sister and seeing all this feast, my sister Golu got very angry.  She is saying that from next time I will Golu got very angry.  She is saying that from next time I will Golu got very angry.  She is saying that from next time I will not come with this aunt.  But not come with this aunt.  But not come with this aunt.  But where was Mata Shri going to stop?  Mom where was Mata Shri going to stop?  Mom where was Mata Shri going to stop?  Mom bought so many trees.  On top of that, I bought so many trees.  On top of that, I bought so many trees.  On top of that, I also got a plant for free from uncle.  This is a also got a plant for free from uncle.  This is a also got a plant for free from uncle.  This is a mom of a different level.  Now look, it seems as if animals are travelling in the car and mom of a different level.  Now look, it seems as if animals are travelling in the car and mom of a different level.  Now look, it seems as if animals are travelling in the car and not humans.  So many not humans.  So many not humans.  So many leaves, so many leaves.  Now let's activate the second plan leaves, so many leaves.  Now let's activate the second plan leaves, so many leaves.  Now let's activate the second plan and go to the mobile shop. and go to the mobile shop. and go to the mobile shop. And as soon as I reached the mobile shop, my mother came to And as soon as I reached the mobile shop, my mother came to And as soon as I reached the mobile shop, my mother came to know that the phone was being purchased for me. know that the phone was being purchased for me. know that the phone was being purchased for me. Actually, the person who called my mother has Actually, the person who called my mother has Actually, the person who called my mother has passed away.  That's why we had to passed away.  That's why we had to passed away.  That's why we had to buy this new phone.  Along with this steel buy this new phone.  Along with this steel buy this new phone.  Along with this steel crate.  The rest remains to be seen how many mangoes he crate.  The rest remains to be seen how many mangoes he crate.  The rest remains to be seen how many mangoes he can eat, how many blackberries, Radhe-Radhe.