Hey everybody, this is Jeff from Canal Hey everybody, this is Jeff from Canal Hey everybody, this is Jeff from Canal Sound and Light and we're coming back to Sound and Light and we're coming back to Sound and Light and we're coming back to you with another product video and today you with another product video and today you with another product video and today we're looking at the Chev DJ gigar move. The shave DJ gig bar move is continues The shave DJ gig bar move is continues The shave DJ gig bar move is continues the line in the line of gig bars and the line in the line of gig bars and the line in the line of gig bars and this includes as you can see moving this includes as you can see moving this includes as you can see moving heads. Um, the Gigar series basically heads. Um, the Gigar series basically heads. Um, the Gigar series basically allows you to set up an easy tripod and allows you to set up an easy tripod and allows you to set up an easy tripod and put the lighting system right on top so put the lighting system right on top so put the lighting system right on top so that it's the easiest setup possible. that it's the easiest setup possible. that it's the easiest setup possible. You have wireless controls and we'll go You have wireless controls and we'll go You have wireless controls and we'll go over in a second, but let's go over some over in a second, but let's go over some over in a second, but let's go over some of the features of the uh Shave DJ Gig of the features of the uh Shave DJ Gig of the features of the uh Shave DJ Gig Bar Move allin-one. It's a 5in-1 Bar Move allin-one. It's a 5in-1 Bar Move allin-one. It's a 5in-1 lighting system. You can control it in lighting system. You can control it in lighting system. You can control it in many different ways. Starting off, we many different ways. Starting off, we many different ways. Starting off, we have two moving heads that are 10 watt have two moving heads that are 10 watt have two moving heads that are 10 watt LEDs. They have independent gobo and LEDs. They have independent gobo and LEDs. They have independent gobo and color wheels, which is pretty cool. It's color wheels, which is pretty cool. It's color wheels, which is pretty cool. It's got two LED washes that are RGB and UV. got two LED washes that are RGB and UV. got two LED washes that are RGB and UV. You can use the UV aspects here. You can use the UV aspects here. You can use the UV aspects here. Continuing on the UV theme, it has Continuing on the UV theme, it has Continuing on the UV theme, it has strobe lights that also have a purpose strobe lights that also have a purpose strobe lights that also have a purpose of dualpurpose UVs. So, you can do of dualpurpose UVs. So, you can do of dualpurpose UVs. So, you can do strobing and UV lighting right here. strobing and UV lighting right here. strobing and UV lighting right here. Next we have the Derby Next we have the Derby Next we have the Derby effects which have a ultra wide 131 effects which have a ultra wide 131 effects which have a ultra wide 131 degree pattern that can cover a wide degree pattern that can cover a wide degree pattern that can cover a wide dance floor. It's RGB. And then lastly, dance floor. It's RGB. And then lastly, dance floor. It's RGB. And then lastly, we have the red green laser that you can we have the red green laser that you can we have the red green laser that you can see as so. Now, if you if you priced out all so. Now, if you if you priced out all so. Now, if you if you priced out all these components separately, you'll these components separately, you'll these components separately, you'll probably spend more than $800, and you'd probably spend more than $800, and you'd probably spend more than $800, and you'd have to set up everything when you get have to set up everything when you get have to set up everything when you get to the gig. This saves you the most to the gig. This saves you the most to the gig. This saves you the most amount of time and has all the programs, amount of time and has all the programs, amount of time and has all the programs, the lighting programs integrated and the lighting programs integrated and the lighting programs integrated and coordinated. In addition to that, Shave coordinated. In addition to that, Shave coordinated. In addition to that, Shave has programmed for you in totem mode, has programmed for you in totem mode, has programmed for you in totem mode, which means that everything is facing which means that everything is facing which means that everything is facing forward, facing towards your dance floor forward, facing towards your dance floor forward, facing towards your dance floor where you want it to be instead of like where you want it to be instead of like where you want it to be instead of like having it go every which way. The totem having it go every which way. The totem having it go every which way. The totem mode allows you to get the most bang for mode allows you to get the most bang for mode allows you to get the most bang for your buck of your lighting system. This your buck of your lighting system. This your buck of your lighting system. This 5in-1 lighting system is only 23 lb, so 5in-1 lighting system is only 23 lb, so 5in-1 lighting system is only 23 lb, so it's pretty portable. And it packs up in it's pretty portable. And it packs up in it's pretty portable. And it packs up in its own semi-h hard its own semi-h hard its own semi-h hard case. As well as the tripod comes with case. As well as the tripod comes with case. As well as the tripod comes with the included little bag for the the included little bag for the the included little bag for the tripod. The controls I'll say is pretty tripod. The controls I'll say is pretty tripod. The controls I'll say is pretty cool. It has a little foot switch, cool. It has a little foot switch, cool. It has a little foot switch, wireless foot switch control that takes wireless foot switch control that takes wireless foot switch control that takes a 9volt a 9volt a 9volt battery. You can basically black it battery. You can basically black it battery. You can basically black it out. You can turn it back on. You could out. You can turn it back on. You could out. You can turn it back on. You could turn it into auto modes. You can flip turn it into auto modes. You can flip turn it into auto modes. You can flip through the auto through the auto through the auto modes, right? Just be sure to press down modes, right? Just be sure to press down modes, right? Just be sure to press down on it uh for for about a second cuz if on it uh for for about a second cuz if on it uh for for about a second cuz if you press on it too fast, it might not you press on it too fast, it might not you press on it too fast, it might not take the command. Select the specific take the command. Select the specific take the command. Select the specific color for those different color for those different color for those different scenes. Or you can use an IRC remote to scenes. Or you can use an IRC remote to scenes. Or you can use an IRC remote to control it. Last but not least, you can control it. Last but not least, you can control it. Last but not least, you can also control it with DMX, which is uh also control it with DMX, which is uh also control it with DMX, which is uh great because you can access any of the great because you can access any of the great because you can access any of the different lights through different lights through different lights through DMX. So, you can put yourself in a you DMX. So, you can put yourself in a you DMX. So, you can put yourself in a you can set yourself up a beautiful light can set yourself up a beautiful light can set yourself up a beautiful light show just with DMX. The cool thing about show just with DMX. The cool thing about show just with DMX. The cool thing about this Gigar series is that you can always this Gigar series is that you can always this Gigar series is that you can always master slave them with your existing gig master slave them with your existing gig master slave them with your existing gig bar fixtures like your gigar 2. So you bar fixtures like your gigar 2. So you bar fixtures like your gigar 2. So you can have a coordinated light show with can have a coordinated light show with can have a coordinated light show with the Gig Bar 2 to allow um yourself to the Gig Bar 2 to allow um yourself to the Gig Bar 2 to allow um yourself to utilize your existing lights and and utilize your existing lights and and utilize your existing lights and and make the show even bigger. At $799, I make the show even bigger. At $799, I make the show even bigger. At $799, I think this is an amazing value. think this is an amazing value. think this is an amazing value. Um you price all, like I said before, Um you price all, like I said before, Um you price all, like I said before, you if you price all these out together, you if you price all these out together, you if you price all these out together, it'll be well above $800, including and it'll be well above $800, including and it'll be well above $800, including and this includes all the carrying this includes all the carrying this includes all the carrying components, the accessories. Shave has components, the accessories. Shave has components, the accessories. Shave has thought about every single thing here. thought about every single thing here. thought about every single thing here. Um, this is a great package for any kind Um, this is a great package for any kind Um, this is a great package for any kind of entertainer. I would I would see DJs, of entertainer. I would I would see DJs, of entertainer. I would I would see DJs, I would see any kind of schools or any I would see any kind of schools or any I would see any kind of schools or any kind of mobile entertainer that wants to kind of mobile entertainer that wants to kind of mobile entertainer that wants to add a lighting simple, easy to control add a lighting simple, easy to control add a lighting simple, easy to control lighting system, an easy upgrade that lighting system, an easy upgrade that lighting system, an easy upgrade that has has has movement more than a traditional gig bar movement more than a traditional gig bar movement more than a traditional gig bar would. The moving heads add like a would. The moving heads add like a would. The moving heads add like a really dynamic component to it. So, we really dynamic component to it. So, we really dynamic component to it. So, we hope you enjoyed watching this video. uh hope you enjoyed watching this video. uh hope you enjoyed watching this video. uh please uh give us a call or let us know please uh give us a call or let us know please uh give us a call or let us know if you're interested and we can get you if you're interested and we can get you if you're interested and we can get you the best deal on it. Uh in addition, the best deal on it. Uh in addition, the best deal on it. Uh in addition, come to the shop and get a demo. That's come to the shop and get a demo. That's come to the shop and get a demo. That's probably the best way to check it out probably the best way to check it out probably the best way to check it out and to uh get some real hands-on and to uh get some real hands-on and to uh get some real hands-on experience with it. If you like this experience with it. If you like this experience with it. If you like this video, please like and subscribe to our video, please like and subscribe to our video, please like and subscribe to our YouTube page as well as all of our YouTube page as well as all of our YouTube page as well as all of our social media pages. We try to put out social media pages. We try to put out social media pages. We try to put out good valuable content for you. Uh, we'll good valuable content for you. Uh, we'll good valuable content for you. Uh, we'll see you soon and looking forward to see you soon and looking forward to see you soon and looking forward to seeing you on the next video. seeing you on the next video. seeing you on the next video. There you There you There you go. Jeez.