Hey everybody, this is Jeff from Canal
Sound and Light and we're coming back to
you with another product video and today
we're looking at the Chev DJ gigar move.
The shave DJ gig bar move is continues
the line in the line of gig bars and
this includes as you can see moving
heads. Um, the Gigar series basically
allows you to set up an easy tripod and
put the lighting system right on top so
that it's the easiest setup possible.
You have wireless controls and we'll go
over in a second, but let's go over some
of the features of the uh Shave DJ Gig
Bar Move allin-one. It's a 5in-1
lighting system. You can control it in
many different ways. Starting off, we
have two moving heads that are 10 watt
LEDs. They have independent gobo and
color wheels, which is pretty cool. It's
got two LED washes that are RGB and UV.
You can use the UV aspects here.
Continuing on the UV theme, it has
strobe lights that also have a purpose
of dualpurpose UVs. So, you can do
strobing and UV lighting right here.
Next we have the Derby
effects which have a ultra wide 131
degree pattern that can cover a wide
dance floor. It's RGB. And then lastly,
we have the red green laser that you can
see as
so. Now, if you if you priced out all
these components separately, you'll
probably spend more than $800, and you'd
have to set up everything when you get
to the gig. This saves you the most
amount of time and has all the programs,
the lighting programs integrated and
coordinated. In addition to that, Shave
has programmed for you in totem mode,
which means that everything is facing
forward, facing towards your dance floor
where you want it to be instead of like
having it go every which way. The totem
mode allows you to get the most bang for
your buck of your lighting system. This
5in-1 lighting system is only 23 lb, so
it's pretty portable. And it packs up in
its own semi-h hard
case. As well as the tripod comes with
the included little bag for the
tripod. The controls I'll say is pretty
cool. It has a little foot switch,
wireless foot switch control that takes
a 9volt
battery. You can basically black it
out. You can turn it back on. You could
turn it into auto modes. You can flip
through the auto
modes, right? Just be sure to press down
on it uh for for about a second cuz if
you press on it too fast, it might not
take the command. Select the specific
color for those different
scenes. Or you can use an IRC remote to
control it. Last but not least, you can
also control it with DMX, which is uh
great because you can access any of the
different lights through
DMX. So, you can put yourself in a you
can set yourself up a beautiful light
show just with DMX. The cool thing about
this Gigar series is that you can always
master slave them with your existing gig
bar fixtures like your gigar 2. So you
can have a coordinated light show with
the Gig Bar 2 to allow um yourself to
utilize your existing lights and and
make the show even bigger. At $799, I
think this is an amazing value.
Um you price all, like I said before,
you if you price all these out together,
it'll be well above $800, including and
this includes all the carrying
components, the accessories. Shave has
thought about every single thing here.
Um, this is a great package for any kind
of entertainer. I would I would see DJs,
I would see any kind of schools or any
kind of mobile entertainer that wants to
add a lighting simple, easy to control
lighting system, an easy upgrade that
has
movement more than a traditional gig bar
would. The moving heads add like a
really dynamic component to it. So, we
hope you enjoyed watching this video. uh
please uh give us a call or let us know
if you're interested and we can get you
the best deal on it. Uh in addition,
come to the shop and get a demo. That's
probably the best way to check it out
and to uh get some real hands-on
experience with it. If you like this
video, please like and subscribe to our
YouTube page as well as all of our
social media pages. We try to put out
good valuable content for you. Uh, we'll
see you soon and looking forward to
seeing you on the next video.
There you
go. Jeez.
