You Oh I Know that cost of money Here, hold you hold now. I'm gonna watch your ass, too How y'all doing? You say What's up, you say mo what's up? What's up? More? What's the more? Yeah Boy you're really doing son of a bitch Son of a bitch It's good to see white people smiling and everything. It's cool. Give it up for the white people y'all brave motherfuckers Because after that OJ shit, they was mad no motherfucker wasn't this is an outrage Son of a fucking orange Fucking orange juice juicy movie I was turning in y'all hurts running cars and everything I don't want this shit Fucking juicy And brothers was partying like Oh Chill chill chill give it up for you. I just got back from Africa Give it up, baby Give it up, baby. Come on now Give it up Give it up And that's just an airport Beginning man and beginning of in a music over Make you want to hunt boy Africa man Africa, but you know, it's crazy cuz over in Africa. They got drive-bys in there Ain't that some shit drive-bys in Africa? That's some shit only they do a different over there. They'd be like I Did we get him I'm having one Nick seven with my notes But you know drive-bys are crazy over here to man We gotta like start talking to these kids, you know stuff try to you know, get them back on the path and stuff The drive-bys getting crazy man Cuz I was in LA man and they you know, they shot at this guy, you know cuz they thought he was throwing up gang signs But he was just you know, he was signing No, I'm serious. He was talking to see was talking to somebody was like he was deaf and The brother thought he was throwing up gang signs. So they shot at him. Ain't that fucked up? Shut him and he just talking. No, when I know when I had Shane one No, no, I said That's some bullshit I know they not sure You Better blow that shit up Man, but you know it's crazy and guys I want to tell you this, you know start respecting, you know you women and everything fellas respect you women Respect you women and be respectful ladies you be respectful because y'all look at the only one Oh Be respectful Cuz that's what happened with all that old jay shit, you know Cuz it was the fact of it is is it if somebody's seeing somebody else or somebody's dating somebody you let them know You know that was that whole you know relationship triangle shit If you got a man or you got a woman let somebody know cuz some of y'all in here right now with somebody else's shit and They come in here. They're gonna shoot every Where you at Let them know fellas, you know ladies let let a brother know if you got somebody say I want to give you this but I can't run there cuz I Got a man he ain't shit. He ain't worth a shit, you know, he don't work He don't come home when he's supposed to anything like that and he don't respect me like he should and all that shit But I love him. He's my man. He ragged in the muffin, but I love his ragged ass And then you look I want to give you this And fellas you do the same thing with your trifling ashes and I'm with you cuz I ain't worth the shit either You know, I tell you in a minute, but fellas you tell you know ladies. Hey, I want to give you give you this Well, some of y'all because I'm gonna Like a doorstop and shit I Want to give you that but I can't cuz I got a lady. I don't know why she like me I ain't shit ain't worth a damn, but she loves me and you let them know That's what I'm saying and ladies say what's on your mind cuz you know, like when I want to get a lady I'm straight, you know straightforward. I don't be bullshitting around, you know, I'm like, hey, I saw you You know use that to show you was laughing and stuff and I just thought maybe you come back to the hotel and shit And I could hit it Okay, fuck it I was checking you out you was laughing and shit, you know, I was wondering if you Keep you'll get one you just cast all you need is one because I hate it when ladies do shit like this When ladies you try to get at them and then ladies say I Usually don't do this I'm serious. I usually don't do this. I am serious. I usually don't do this. I swear I use it on do this But it's something about you Jamie, you just so fun and everything, you know, you just make me feel so comfortable I'll be out really? Yeah, you want to go to the room for a second? I Don't be going up to nobody This is a nice room By you so you can ask Ray Shail and I don't be doing this I swear to God I don't be doing it, but it's something about you Jamie. You just make me feel so Comfortable. Yeah. Well, are you on something to drink or something? You know, I ain't had a drink about That tangle, right Oh, that should make me crazy I Normally don't drink like this Jamie, but you make me feel so Comfortable. Yeah. Well, I want you sit on the bed for a second, you know on your bed I don't be sitting on nobody's bed and stuff, you know, cuz I just usually don't do no shit like that You know, but it's this Is this the porta-pedic I Usually wouldn't sit down but this is the porta-pedic. So I sit on this just causes a porta-pedic I never said on no part of people. I swear but it's something about you. Jamie. You just make me feel so So I'm gonna sit right here But don't you be trying no bullshit. I'm gonna sit right here on the edge Trying to this is nice Porta-pedic and stuff. Yeah, you want me to rub your shoulders. I am kind of tight Not for long what you say I said don't get me wrong don't get me wrong But first you got to back up a little bit back up yeah back up to me right here Yeah, a little bit further Come on back a little bit right here. Yeah I'm for real They're just real my shoulders any kind of hot in here it is kind of hot I'm just gonna take this top part off But you know, I usually don't do no shit like this Jane Brahma take the top part of what you mind your manners I don't do this, but you just make me feel so So you watch out and to school out Oh Your hands so strong Who they so strong your hands the strong? Oh, you got some a script in your hands. Oh, yeah Oh, I don't touch my titty. You don't make me start doing some I want to do that. You better start Oh Shit I Normally don't do this, but you make me feel so I Well, I'll tell y'all love dance I'm gonna tell you why Dancing is powerful Especially back in the day in the 70s if a brother could dance like John Travolta Or a rerun from what's happening. He can start up any party. He come in there like oh Y'all just gonna stand around DJ I Now that brother will set that party off He will have everybody in there dancing the party be looking like the painting from good time Oh So that was back in the day when times were good the bad thing was My family was broke as hell Wrote a poem about it like the head Here you go Damn we broke in a son bitch TV with no knobs no color and no pitch But the TV was the only thing we ever kept on because the stereo and speakers all had to be pawned Now was I the only broke kid in the hood with no hype. Oh is everyone fronting wearing Adidas with four stripes I watched so much TV. I had bad dreams about it now the other day I dreamed that I was joyriding with Beavis and butt-head I'm in the backseat man. They up front like this Hey Beavis we're speeding yeah, yeah faster right faster settle down butt munch. I'll kick your ass Oh That ain't funny Cuz we got pulled by a cop. You know who the cop was Bernie Mac Bernie get out of call like this Thank you goddamn it Excuse me fellas, but do you recall how fast you were going? Oh No, but I'll bet you're going the same speed when you pull this over I ain't scared of you motherfuckers I'm gonna tell you right now ain't coming for no food Regis what a hand cup on him and take it to my jail. Matt got a big jail hot say it The dream is not over cuz we went to jail But I went to the hospital the next day Cuz my cellmate tried to burn me in my sleep He was waiting on me too. I went in there man, and he was like this Everyone named man come I am a fire marshal That's my time my name is a beyond All right Dude he's coming out of Chicago, Illinois, please welcome Corey Holcomb Hey, what's up? I'm hot right into it. I want to talk about something. I know everybody can relate to Anybody got like a cousin or a homie or a friend or a neighbor or somebody you know? Who keep a nasty ass house? You know that motherfuckers house just be nasty every time you go up in that motherfucker Some of y'all probably with their ass tonight, so you can't speak up like you want to Man I got a homie man my boy man Yeah, man. They house first of all here dirty motherfucker You know you know I remember them guys used to run around all week with that white t-shirt on and they get that yellow stuff under the arm Well he had that on his leather jacket Dirty motherfucker What around? Don't take baths you ever seen a big wax be running all out there Man, he had man. This is I look he has so much wax in his ear if you had a q-tip And you just in his ear and pull it out You have a sugar daddy And that man just dirty and they house I don't know where to begin to talk the house just nasty stank So it's something like they was burning a chittling instant up in that mother It's a nasty Dude, and they get they'll ever go out they house them people with them old nasty apartments And they usually got one of them old bathrooms. You know you go up in there in the tub still be on full legs You know you can sweep under that motherfucker And they got the old sink in there with the double faucet. You know with a hot water come out this side And the cold water come out this side keep from burning your hand you got to switch your shit I'm gonna tell the lady something ladies. I want to put y'all up on something about men Did y'all know every man in here could easily go three months without having sex? No, let me tell you something y'all don't know Every man got a woman on the side I'm tell you I don't care who you a man got a woman on the side, but don't get mad Cuz I ain't talking about like another female I'm talking about that person. You know fellas the one you mess around with all the time huh I ain't gonna front. This is my main squeeze. You know I'm saying There was my woman be all right. You don't wanna give me none. Fuck you then put your coat on baby We're going to the holiday in in this month I Like to I like to ball up and draw that little face on her And talk a little shit to her before I get with her Yeah, you want this dick down Alright girl go to work And let me hit this shit from the back Hahaha Now I'm gonna wrap it up though man, I want to talk about something man man. I went to this church, right? Man, it was this preacher his name was Reverend sleep around He was cold Oh fella if you'd have been in this church you'd have been jumping up and down in the aisle cuz he talked about something to Hit home with a lot of brothers so you know I came out. You know that Baptist preachers come out. He was like Wow I Want to talk to y'all this morning? About a problem in my life It's a problem that dwells with a lot of men Backstabs you like a knife Goes deep into your pocketbooks Put you in a financial bind It's a problem that ain't never going nowhere It's with you for a lifetime I'm not talking about drugs and alcohol Compared that's a light drama See a man's biggest burden is his baby's mama Let's give it up from Twin City, Georgia Let's give it up for this lady already for a female comedian. Come on All right That music to make you want to move your pelvis Don't y'all front y'all know y'all mamas dance like this Soon as they get drunk Now since I do a clean set I Know I got to do a few proverbial fuck yous to make some of y'all feel at home So fuck you Fuck you fuck you and you fuck me Now y'all all heard old time bedtime stories I like to give you the modern versions Loretta Ryan hood was walking through the woods one day Big bad wolf jumped out the bushes and said Loretta Ryan hood when I catch on my throw you down and fuck it at F Loretta Ryan hood say no you ain't you gonna eat me just like the book say Now y'all know when they make the movie I'm gonna play the part of Loretta Ryan hood We ain't even got to go to grandma's house do the shit right there in the forest ain't no use of wasting a whole day taping and Relationships are fucked up these days And see it's because of bad experiences that I don't suck dick no more. No, I don't I Gave it up, and it's the second time I gave it up Oh, I was sucking dick long before it became fashionable Now everybody doing it's like a spectator sport But I didn't give it up close everybody were doing it. I had to give it up for medical reasons Man had ate some seafood didn't tell me I'm allergic to seafood They rushed me to the hospital Pump my stomach, but you know y'all way go back to what you love So I went back And this time I had done a little bit of reading up on it and in the book it say you gotta be real freaky with it So I'm gonna reach down in lick his balls God damn dick start me dead now They rushed me to the hospital About to say a few more inches it'll put my So now I'm stuck with a dilemma either keep on sucking dick. I'll be cocky the rest of my life And ladies you got to be careful cause you know how when you go to the hospital They run all kind of tests on you just to run up a bill. I Found out I'm suffering from lack of dickophobia Not only that I got a touch of pubo suckers Now for those of you who don't know what lack of dickophobia is That's the fear or not knowing when you gonna get your next piece of good dick And poo-boo suckers is the act of getting a pubic hair stuck in your throat So I'm here to tell you the symptoms you start sweating You can't sleep at night and you know how when people can't sleep at night They count sheep jumping over the fence. Oh, you see a dick's jumping over the fence Every time they jump I try to catch him But ladies you guys to be careful cuz you guys to know if it's real dick or dick byproducts And the kind of woman I am I wrote two books on the matter My first book Maybe dick I don't know This book will let you know and my second book soon to be a movie Shout dick mean are they taking over? I Mean clean they know when a woman taking all I got I know that ain't true cuz I don't even know no more I Had this one guy asked me Why come you don't tell me when you have a good I? Said hey, oh you ain't never wrong What I'm supposed to do Get up and call your ass And me got the smoothest ass lines in the world. He don't look at me time. I'm Barbara You know, there's a art to love making I said oh, yeah. Well, I wish somebody a draw you a bigger dick We're gonna bring out the man that makes us all possible. Let's bring up Russell Simmons. Come on bring it. Come on Thank you all for coming out God bless you good night I I I