Yes, mom is playing her own game.  Ever since Yes, mom is playing her own game.  Ever since Yes, mom is playing her own game.  Ever since I have been saying, Mom, let's go and I have been saying, Mom, let's go and I have been saying, Mom, let's go and see Ganpati Bappa.  Ganpati Mama is see Ganpati Bappa.  Ganpati Mama is see Ganpati Bappa.  Ganpati Mama is busy with Gannu at home.  Gungun, busy with Gannu at home.  Gungun, busy with Gannu at home.  Gungun, tell mom to go and bring Bappa.  Do you want to tell mom to go and bring Bappa.  Do you want to tell mom to go and bring Bappa.  Do you want to bring Ganpati Bappa home? bring Ganpati Bappa home? bring Ganpati Bappa home? Those who sent you will come to meet you Those who sent you will come to meet you Those who sent you will come to meet you now, right? now, right? now, right? He has said that I will He has said that I will He has said that I will stay at home for five days.  I will tell Gunnu before leaving. Good morning guys.  Welcome back to our Good morning guys.  Welcome back to our Good morning guys.  Welcome back to our channel.  I got ready early in the morning. channel.  I got ready early in the morning. channel.  I got ready early in the morning. I have to go to my film shoot today. I have to go to my film shoot today. I have to go to my film shoot today. On the shoot of the film, I mean I have written a film On the shoot of the film, I mean I have written a film On the shoot of the film, I mean I have written a film whose shooting is going on and I could whose shooting is going on and I could whose shooting is going on and I could not go there for a long time because I was busy. not go there for a long time because I was busy. not go there for a long time because I was busy. So today I am a little free so I am thinking of So today I am a little free so I am thinking of So today I am a little free so I am thinking of going there today and spending some time there.  I will going there today and spending some time there.  I will going there today and spending some time there.  I will come home after that. come home after that. come home after that. Many guests are going to come to our house today because there is some Many guests are going to come to our house today because there is some Many guests are going to come to our house today because there is some conversation to be done with the guests.  There is something like a conversation to be done with the guests.  There is something like a conversation to be done with the guests.  There is something like a meeting lunch type thing.  Ah, are you leaving here, wife, meeting lunch type thing.  Ah, are you leaving here, wife, meeting lunch type thing.  Ah, are you leaving here, wife, shedding tears of separation at my departure shedding tears of separation at my departure shedding tears of separation at my departure ? ? ? Where are you looking there?  I'm sitting here Where are you looking there?  I'm sitting here Where are you looking there?  I'm sitting here baby. baby. baby. Where were you looking there?  He is a dog.   No no, Where were you looking there?  He is a dog.   No no, Where were you looking there?  He is a dog.   No no, I am separation. I am separation. I am separation. Who are you looking at?   I Who are you looking at?   I Who are you looking at?   I mean, I had become like this during separation.  This was mean, I had become like this during separation.  This was mean, I had become like this during separation.  This was mine.  There is one thing that a person becomes like this in separation. mine.  There is one thing that a person becomes like this in separation. mine.  There is one thing that a person becomes like this in separation. I was that.  You I was that.  You I was that.  You accepted her as my eyes.  My eyes are fine. accepted her as my eyes.  My eyes are fine. accepted her as my eyes.  My eyes are fine. But I was having pain in my eye last night.  I do But I was having pain in my eye last night.  I do But I was having pain in my eye last night.  I do n't know why in only one eye.  So when a n't know why in only one eye.  So when a n't know why in only one eye.  So when a person feels pain somewhere, he person feels pain somewhere, he person feels pain somewhere, he wakes up early saying that he is in pain, he is wakes up early saying that he is in pain, he is wakes up early saying that he is in pain, he is not able to sleep, his sleep is getting disturbed. not able to sleep, his sleep is getting disturbed. not able to sleep, his sleep is getting disturbed. One so much someone slept in pain last night.   That's what One so much someone slept in pain last night.   That's what I am telling you.  When my eye started I am telling you.  When my eye started I am telling you.  When my eye started paining, I got an intuition as to paining, I got an intuition as to paining, I got an intuition as to how to kill this pain or I should apply medicine.  I do how to kill this pain or I should apply medicine.  I do how to kill this pain or I should apply medicine.  I do n't know where she was.  I said now I will n't know where she was.  I said now I will n't know where she was.  I said now I will kill this pain.  I counted till 10 kill this pain.  I counted till 10 kill this pain.  I counted till 10 and went into deep sleep. I said I will and went into deep sleep. I said I will and went into deep sleep. I said I will not think about anything.  I will not even think not think about anything.  I will not even think not think about anything.  I will not even think why I am counting 10.  I fell asleep.  The why I am counting 10.  I fell asleep.  The why I am counting 10.  I fell asleep.  The pain died.  And here's a man taking supplements. pain died.  And here's a man taking supplements. pain died.  And here's a man taking supplements. Oh, man taking morning supplements.   The Oh, man taking morning supplements.   The Oh, man taking morning supplements.   The supplements ran out. supplements ran out. supplements ran out. Where did the supplements go?  Which ones were you looking for? Where did the supplements go?  Which ones were you looking for? Where did the supplements go?  Which ones were you looking for? I think Coco eats it secretly from me. I think Coco eats it secretly from me. I think Coco eats it secretly from me. How is he getting so much agility? How is he getting so much agility? How is he getting so much agility? Yes, a lot has come inside it.  Oh Yes, a lot has come inside it.  Oh Yes, a lot has come inside it.  Oh ho, eat it, it is very good to take supplements brother. ho, eat it, it is very good to take supplements brother. ho, eat it, it is very good to take supplements brother. Hey, I found Yuggu.  When Hey, I found Yuggu.  When Hey, I found Yuggu.  When will Gunnu come? will Gunnu come? will Gunnu come? Gugunu can also be called Gunda. Gugunu can also be called Gunda. Gugunu can also be called Gunda. Hey Yugu, I mean, it's so cute, really, the one Hey Yugu, I mean, it's so cute, really, the one Hey Yugu, I mean, it's so cute, really, the one Avinash told me about, I had never Avinash told me about, I had never Avinash told me about, I had never seen Shinchan.  He looks like Shinchan. seen Shinchan.  He looks like Shinchan. seen Shinchan.  He looks like Shinchan. No mom, I will not eat.  Hey, I'm No mom, I will not eat.  Hey, I'm No mom, I will not eat.  Hey, I'm not in the mood.  Heartless Shinchan, not in the mood.  Heartless Shinchan, not in the mood.  Heartless Shinchan, I have never seen all these cartoons etc. I have never seen all these cartoons etc. I have never seen all these cartoons etc. So Gudiya and Avinash know a lot So Gudiya and Avinash know a lot So Gudiya and Avinash know a lot about cartoons.  He about cartoons.  He about cartoons.  He looked exactly the same today when he came after drinking milk.  I am feeling looked exactly the same today when he came after drinking milk.  I am feeling looked exactly the same today when he came after drinking milk.  I am feeling guilty right now.  I I I I I guilty right now.  I I I I I guilty right now.  I I I I I and I baby, meet Gungun. and I baby, meet Gungun. and I baby, meet Gungun. You will do it like this brother.  Where is Gungun?  Give it to me. You will do it like this brother.  Where is Gungun?  Give it to me. You will do it like this brother.  Where is Gungun?  Give it to me. Gunu has changed his clothes.  Diaper change is taking place. Gunu has changed his clothes.  Diaper change is taking place. Gunu has changed his clothes.  Diaper change is taking place. Go go baby.  All the best. Go go baby.  All the best. Go go baby.  All the best. My gun has come here.  The era I met here plays around. My gun has come here.  The era I met here plays around. My gun has come here.  The era I met here plays around. We are such a bigi bigi boy. We are such a bigi bigi boy. We are such a bigi bigi boy. So much Biggie is Biggie Boy.  If he drank milk, So much Biggie is Biggie Boy.  If he drank milk, So much Biggie is Biggie Boy.  If he drank milk, we would play but without laughing.  Laugh we would play but without laughing.  Laugh we would play but without laughing.  Laugh too.  Look, she is laughing without any reason. too.  Look, she is laughing without any reason. too.  Look, she is laughing without any reason. Gunu Mama. Gunu Mama. Gunu Mama. Hey hey sister hey sister. Hey hey sister hey sister. Hey hey sister hey sister. Gunu Mama. Gunu Mama. Gunu Mama. Hey sister, sister, she is answering you. Hey sister, sister, she is answering you. Hey sister, sister, she is answering you. Gunu Mama.  Hey mom.   I have Gunu Mama.  Hey mom.   I have Gunu Mama.  Hey mom.   I have replied to you again, sister.  Hey replied to you again, sister.  Hey replied to you again, sister.  Hey trying to catch up. trying to catch up. trying to catch up. Trying to catch up.  Sister, please talk to him further. Trying to catch up.  Sister, please talk to him further. Gunu Mama.  Oh Jho Na Oh Jhum Gunu Oh Gu, let me Gunu Mama.  Oh Jho Na Oh Jhum Gunu Oh Gu, let me Gunu Mama.  Oh Jho Na Oh Jhum Gunu Oh Gu, let me show you too, look at this show you too, look at this show you too, look at this Gu, my son is laughing, and this Gu, my son is laughing, and this Gu, my son is laughing, and this son of mine is also laughing, isn't it laughing? The son of mine is also laughing, isn't it laughing? The son of mine is also laughing, isn't it laughing? The morning atmosphere has changed like this now, morning atmosphere has changed like this now, morning atmosphere has changed like this now, my Yugu has come here, now the grandmother is here, my Yugu has come here, now the grandmother is here, my Yugu has come here, now the grandmother is here, you are playing around, and the protector is you are playing around, and the protector is you are playing around, and the protector is sitting right here, the other protector is sitting here, so that nothing happens from sitting right here, the other protector is sitting here, so that nothing happens from sitting right here, the other protector is sitting here, so that nothing happens from here to there, here to there, here to there, okay, look, protection, protection, okay, okay, okay, look, protection, protection, okay, okay, okay, look, protection, protection, okay, okay, you have become you have become you have become protectors, we have become protectors, so then protectors, we have become protectors, so then protectors, we have become protectors, so then what will you do by protecting both of you, what will you do by protecting both of you, what will you do by protecting both of you, Chun Chua, what will you do by protecting, she is Chun Chua, what will you do by protecting, she is Chun Chua, what will you do by protecting, she is telling me completely that I telling me completely that I telling me completely that I will protect them, yes Chun, what are you doing by protecting, will protect them, yes Chun, what are you doing by protecting, will protect them, yes Chun, what are you doing by protecting, see what Coco is doing, see what Coco is doing, see what Coco is doing, see this, yes, you are protecting, see this, yes, you are protecting, see this, yes, you are protecting, I know, you are I know, you are I know, you are watching very well, I mean, the babies, I know this, hey, it's watching very well, I mean, the babies, I know this, hey, it's watching very well, I mean, the babies, I know this, hey, it's not his toilet [laughs] die die die, what kind of protection is this brother, what die, what kind of protection is this brother, what die, what kind of protection is this brother, what kind of protection is this that you are hitting kind of protection is this that you are hitting kind of protection is this that you are hitting each other, from here to here, come on each other, from here to here, come on each other, from here to here, come on hey, these two are watching  These two are hey, these two are watching  These two are hey, these two are watching  These two are looking at them, what is happening to them looking at them, what is happening to them looking at them, what is happening to them Yes, Mumma is playing her own game ever since Yes, Mumma is playing her own game ever since Yes, Mumma is playing her own game ever since I have been telling her, Mumma, let's go and I have been telling her, Mumma, let's go and I have been telling her, Mumma, let's go and see Ganpati Bappa, Ganpati Bappa, see Ganpati Bappa, Ganpati Bappa, see Ganpati Bappa, Ganpati Bappa, Mumma is busy with Gunnu at home, Gungun, Mumma is busy with Gunnu at home, Gungun, Mumma is busy with Gunnu at home, Gungun, tell Mumma to go and bring Bappa, tell Mumma to go and bring Bappa, tell Mumma to go and bring Bappa, meet Bappa, we have to meet Bappa, we have to meet Bappa, we have to bring Bappa home, right? The one bring Bappa home, right? The one who sent you will also come to meet you, right? who sent you will also come to meet you, right? who sent you will also come to meet you, right? Now I Now I Now I know that now, Bappa will come to meet you, know that now, Bappa will come to meet you, know that now, Bappa will come to meet you, and he has said that he will stay at and he has said that he will stay at and he has said that he will stay at home for five days, tell Gunnu home for five days, tell Gunnu home for five days, tell Gunnu [laughs] he has [laughs] he has [laughs] he has reacted, right? reacted, right? reacted, right? Bappa has said that he has given it to Gunnu Bappa has said that he has given it to Gunnu Bappa has said that he has given it to Gunnu and he has given it to Yuggu, so now and he has given it to Yuggu, so now and he has given it to Yuggu, so now Yuggu and Gunn will take care of me, you will take care of me, when Yuggu and Gunn will take care of me, you will take care of me, when Yuggu and Gunn will take care of me, you will take care of me, when Papa comes, you will take care of Papa, Papa comes, you will take care of Papa, Papa comes, you will take care of Papa, Mumma has given a lot of care, now you will take care of him, come on, Mumma has given a lot of care, now you will take care of him, come on, Mumma has given a lot of care, now you will take care of him, come on, this time Mumma will thank Papa, this time Mumma will thank Papa, this time Mumma will thank Papa, then you will become big biggy next year, then you will become big biggy next year, then you will become big biggy next year, then you take care of him, okay?  You are still then you take care of him, okay?  You are still then you take care of him, okay?  You are still small, right [laughs] small, right [laughs] small, right [laughs] Ram, my doll, my child, this Ram, my doll, my child, this Ram, my doll, my child, this Bappa that you are seeing, is not Bappa that you are seeing, is not Bappa that you are seeing, is not very beautiful, very beautiful, very beautiful, but the crown is too huge, but the crown is too huge, yes, I mean, I think look at it like this, if there should be a yes, I mean, I think look at it like this, if there should be a yes, I mean, I think look at it like this, if there should be a crown, then it should be crown, then it should be crown, then it should be on one side only or it should be in the middle, it is in the on one side only or it should be in the middle, it is in the on one side only or it should be in the middle, it is in the middle as well, then on the sides as well, there is middle as well, then on the sides as well, there is middle as well, then on the sides as well, there is too much on the sides also.  Either this crown can too much on the sides also.  Either this crown can too much on the sides also.  Either this crown can come off.  But in any case I think I will have to apply color. come off.  But in any case I think I will have to apply color. Yes, I mean they see it.  Just watching it now.   Have Yes, I mean they see it.  Just watching it now.   Have Yes, I mean they see it.  Just watching it now.   Have started.  But her eyes are very beautiful. started.  But her eyes are very beautiful. started.  But her eyes are very beautiful. Look, you look. I have to see in this way that with our decor I have to see in this way that with our decor I have to see in this way that with our decor whatever it is, our decor is finalized, whatever it is, our decor is finalized, whatever it is, our decor is finalized, so according to that we have to so according to that we have to so according to that we have to select Ganpati while choosing but select Ganpati while choosing but select Ganpati while choosing but mostly all the colors should be okay for our decor, mostly all the colors should be okay for our decor, all the colors will be okay, all the colors will be okay, all the colors will be okay, this papa is sitting in the island, he this papa is sitting in the island, he this papa is sitting in the island, he asked for coffee, he is asked for coffee, he is asked for coffee, he is drinking coffee, is chote papa or baba, is he, drinking coffee, is chote papa or baba, is he, drinking coffee, is chote papa or baba, is he, bring him home, there is a coffee mug as well, bring him home, there is a coffee mug as well, bring him home, there is a coffee mug as well, you have full permission, in between drinking coffee he says you have full permission, in between drinking coffee he says you have full permission, in between drinking coffee he says 100 times 100 times 100 times how beautiful it is, the well composed how beautiful it is, the well composed how beautiful it is, the well composed gudgappa, come gudgappa, come gudgappa, come this time I don't want Bal Ganesh, the this time I don't want Bal Ganesh, the this time I don't want Bal Ganesh, the hair has come, the two balaks have come home, so right hair has come, the two balaks have come home, so right hair has come, the two balaks have come home, so right now I have not understood much, now I have not understood much, now I have not understood much, I have understood one idol, brother, he is I have understood one idol, brother, he is I have understood one idol, brother, he is telling me that I am with brother, I have reached brother's telling me that I am with brother, I have reached brother's telling me that I am with brother, I have reached brother's place again, brother as usual is an place again, brother as usual is an place again, brother as usual is an expert in cheating [laughs] expert in cheating [laughs] expert in cheating [laughs] what is cheating in ma'am, if cheating is to be done then what is cheating in ma'am, if cheating is to be done then what is cheating in ma'am, if cheating is to be done then you have to understand the you have to understand the you have to understand the last brother, what happened to us last year, last brother, what happened to us last year, last brother, what happened to us last year, brother, brother, brother, yes that is what I agree to, it has reached the yes that is what I agree to, it has reached the yes that is what I agree to, it has reached the limit, how are you, ma'am, a night before the last day, limit, how are you, ma'am, a night before the last day, limit, how are you, ma'am, a night before the last day, how was the matter, did you come also how was the matter, did you come also how was the matter, did you come also Yes, Yes, Yes, my booking was done, my booking was done, my booking was done, so brother told me that you should come so brother told me that you should come so brother told me that you should come after a day or two, you are also sending me the photo, after a day or two, you are also sending me the photo, after a day or two, you are also sending me the photo, I will send you the photo in a day or two, I will send you the photo in a day or two, I will send you the photo in a day or two, if the idol if the idol if the idol comes tomorrow then send it tomorrow, comes tomorrow then send it tomorrow, comes tomorrow then send it tomorrow, what are you saying, say it slowly, if the what are you saying, say it slowly, if the what are you saying, say it slowly, if the idol's photo comes tomorrow then I will idol's photo comes tomorrow then I will idol's photo comes tomorrow then I will give you the photo tomorrow, ma'am, or I will ask you to give you the photo tomorrow, ma'am, or I will ask you to give you the photo tomorrow, ma'am, or I will ask you to hit a sixer and go, hit a sixer and go, hit a sixer and go, you can see it, ma'am, you can see it, ma'am, you can see it, ma'am, okay, you okay, you okay, you send me the photo as soon as possible, ma'am, I will get you send me the photo as soon as possible, ma'am, I will get you send me the photo as soon as possible, ma'am, I will get you selected by sending you my photo, I will get the selected by sending you my photo, I will get the selected by sending you my photo, I will get the idol selected for you. idol selected for you. idol selected for you. Thank you, thank you for coming. Thank you, thank you for coming. Thank you, thank you for coming. So yes, I am back.  Today Ganpati could So yes, I am back.  Today Ganpati could So yes, I am back.  Today Ganpati could not be selected.  It will take time, till then not be selected.  It will take time, till then not be selected.  It will take time, till then Avinash went to get his beard trimmed.  I am back. Avinash went to get his beard trimmed.  I am back. Avinash went to get his beard trimmed.  I am back. Yuggu Baba is with me. Yuggu Baba is with me. Yuggu Baba is with me. Yuggu Baba hanging on my mother's shoulder. Yuggu Baba hanging on my mother's shoulder. Yuggu Baba hanging on my mother's shoulder. And these children of mine went to eat food. And these children of mine went to eat food. And these children of mine went to eat food. So she hits me in the legs. So she hits me in the legs. So she hits me in the legs. So let me take Yugu and do some Gummi Gummi So let me take Yugu and do some Gummi Gummi So let me take Yugu and do some Gummi Gummi because he leaves too much and because he leaves too much and because he leaves too much and then quickly.