Time for another wig. Time for another wig. Time for another wig. First of all, I don't even know whose First of all, I don't even know whose First of all, I don't even know whose company. company. company. Now, the previous ones I've done, it's Now, the previous ones I've done, it's Now, the previous ones I've done, it's come from a particular wig company come from a particular wig company come from a particular wig company because the box or the packaging will because the box or the packaging will because the box or the packaging will say so. say so. say so. This case I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. So, we're going to learn together. Once So, we're going to learn together. Once So, we're going to learn together. Once again, those who know me know I will buy again, those who know me know I will buy again, those who know me know I will buy it, set it to the side, and literally it, set it to the side, and literally it, set it to the side, and literally forget what I bought. forget what I bought. forget what I bought. And I won't go back to the TikTok shop And I won't go back to the TikTok shop And I won't go back to the TikTok shop to see cuz I want to be surprised, to see cuz I want to be surprised, to see cuz I want to be surprised, right? So, just know I'll link it. right? So, just know I'll link it. right? So, just know I'll link it. So, let's get into it. So, let's get into it. So, let's get into it. I don't know the style. I don't know the I don't know the style. I don't know the I don't know the style. I don't know the manufacturer. manufacturer. manufacturer. Uh, the packaging just says it's made Uh, the packaging just says it's made Uh, the packaging just says it's made somewhere not in this country, okay? somewhere not in this country, okay? somewhere not in this country, okay? And uh, affordable because And uh, affordable because And uh, affordable because you get the bag, you get the bag, you get the bag, you get the wig, okay? No clippy you get the wig, okay? No clippy you get the wig, okay? No clippy clippies, no cappies, just clippies, no cappies, just clippies, no cappies, just take this hair and shut up. That's what take this hair and shut up. That's what take this hair and shut up. That's what they said. All right, I get you. Did I get Okay. Okay. Okay. Stay focused, Tracy. Stay focused. Stay focused, Tracy. Stay focused. Stay focused, Tracy. Stay focused. >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> Um, first and foremost, I am not going >> Um, first and foremost, I am not going >> Um, first and foremost, I am not going to go trim this one or anything, but do to go trim this one or anything, but do to go trim this one or anything, but do know this one is asking for some work know this one is asking for some work know this one is asking for some work because it is a full frontal, okay? So, because it is a full frontal, okay? So, because it is a full frontal, okay? So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to try what I'm going to do is I'm going to try what I'm going to do is I'm going to try it on al dente it on al dente it on al dente with the frontal hanging out. I'll post with the frontal hanging out. I'll post with the frontal hanging out. I'll post a picture at the end of the video so you a picture at the end of the video so you a picture at the end of the video so you can see what it looks like once I can see what it looks like once I can see what it looks like once I clipped it up and it's on me. But, we clipped it up and it's on me. But, we clipped it up and it's on me. But, we just going to go in. We're just going to just going to go in. We're just going to just going to go in. We're just going to go in. go in. go in. First of all, First of all, First of all, these type, again, once I link it, these type, again, once I link it, these type, again, once I link it, you'll know who they are. I bought you'll know who they are. I bought you'll know who they are. I bought another wig from them. When I tell you another wig from them. When I tell you another wig from them. When I tell you it is a good quality wig, but the only it is a good quality wig, but the only it is a good quality wig, but the only downside is how thick downside is how thick downside is how thick these are. See how thick this is? So, these are. See how thick this is? So, these are. See how thick this is? So, you really have to make sure you secure you really have to make sure you secure you really have to make sure you secure this because it can be a lot of this because it can be a lot of this because it can be a lot of movement. movement. movement. It did bother me at first when I got It did bother me at first when I got It did bother me at first when I got another wig that had this, but then I another wig that had this, but then I another wig that had this, but then I understood. When it's this thick, they understood. When it's this thick, they understood. When it's this thick, they actually can put more intention into how actually can put more intention into how actually can put more intention into how it's made. It has like a different type it's made. It has like a different type it's made. It has like a different type of a quality to it. Right? They of a quality to it. Right? They of a quality to it. Right? They literally are being very intentional literally are being very intentional literally are being very intentional about how these are split up. Some with about how these are split up. Some with about how these are split up. Some with the thin the thinner um cap, the thin the thinner um cap, the thin the thinner um cap, they can only do so much. they can only do so much. they can only do so much. These, they're very weighty, hence the These, they're very weighty, hence the These, they're very weighty, hence the thicker scalp. So just know that when thicker scalp. So just know that when thicker scalp. So just know that when you order this. So if you're a person you order this. So if you're a person you order this. So if you're a person who'd be doing hot flashes and you can't who'd be doing hot flashes and you can't who'd be doing hot flashes and you can't figure out how to control it, figure out how to control it, figure out how to control it, think about that when you get this wig, think about that when you get this wig, think about that when you get this wig, okay? Be sure you're taking whatever okay? Be sure you're taking whatever okay? Be sure you're taking whatever vitamin, drinking all the water you need vitamin, drinking all the water you need vitamin, drinking all the water you need to drink because it's going to be warm. to drink because it's going to be warm. to drink because it's going to be warm. All right? So right now I'm just trying All right? So right now I'm just trying All right? So right now I'm just trying to get the to get the to get the Why am I struggling? Let me get the Why am I struggling? Let me get the Why am I struggling? Let me get the scissors. Hold on. Okay, I've cut it off scissors. Hold on. Okay, I've cut it off scissors. Hold on. Okay, I've cut it off cuz it was a little tag. No need in cuz it was a little tag. No need in cuz it was a little tag. No need in showing you the tag cuz they don't tell showing you the tag cuz they don't tell showing you the tag cuz they don't tell you who made it either. you who made it either. you who made it either. Back to what I was saying earlier. So it Back to what I was saying earlier. So it Back to what I was saying earlier. So it is a full frontal meaning you're going is a full frontal meaning you're going is a full frontal meaning you're going to have to trim it to fit your face and to have to trim it to fit your face and to have to trim it to fit your face and your style. your style. your style. It does have the interior It does have the interior It does have the interior Ah. Ah. Ah. Girl, find it. Girl, find it. Girl, find it. The combs, which these are a little The combs, which these are a little The combs, which these are a little further back which works for people with further back which works for people with further back which works for people with the receding hairline because you may the receding hairline because you may the receding hairline because you may braid your hair to a certain point. braid your hair to a certain point. braid your hair to a certain point. These are far enough back where they can These are far enough back where they can These are far enough back where they can still grip. still grip. still grip. And of course, And of course, And of course, the band. the band. the band. And it does This is meant to be able to And it does This is meant to be able to And it does This is meant to be able to like a 360 because as you can see, it like a 360 because as you can see, it like a 360 because as you can see, it has has has the the the back. back. back. Drawing a blank. All right, guys. So Drawing a blank. All right, guys. So Drawing a blank. All right, guys. So let's just see what we have and again, let's just see what we have and again, let's just see what we have and again, I'll post a picture later after I cute I'll post a picture later after I cute I'll post a picture later after I cute it all up, but I'm not going to do that it all up, but I'm not going to do that it all up, but I'm not going to do that at this exact moment. I'm just going to at this exact moment. I'm just going to at this exact moment. I'm just going to get it on so we can see what I ordered get it on so we can see what I ordered get it on so we can see what I ordered cuz again, I don't know. cuz again, I don't know. cuz again, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't I don't know. I don't know. I don't I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Hook that back there. Come back to know. Hook that back there. Come back to know. Hook that back there. Come back to the the the Oh, so I'm going to be a problem with Oh, so I'm going to be a problem with Oh, so I'm going to be a problem with this one. I already know. this one. I already know. this one. I already know. I already know cuz again, remember how I I already know cuz again, remember how I I already know cuz again, remember how I showed you how when they have that showed you how when they have that showed you how when they have that thicker cap, you have more options thicker cap, you have more options thicker cap, you have more options because there's really scalp everywhere. because there's really scalp everywhere. because there's really scalp everywhere. All right, so again, full frontal. And child. child. child. Look. Look. Look. You ain't going to tell me that I didn't You ain't going to tell me that I didn't You ain't going to tell me that I didn't have my hair locked have my hair locked have my hair locked the other day. That's what you're not the other day. That's what you're not the other day. That's what you're not going to do cuz you was a lie. going to do cuz you was a lie. going to do cuz you was a lie. You was a total lie. Yes. Yes, ma'am. Yes. Yes, ma'am. Yes. Yes, ma'am. I'll be glad to show you guys a picture I'll be glad to show you guys a picture I'll be glad to show you guys a picture after I go and I trim it up and get it after I go and I trim it up and get it after I go and I trim it up and get it laid down just right. But see how many laid down just right. But see how many laid down just right. But see how many Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. I can keep parting. I can keep parting. I can keep parting. I can keep splitting. I can keep splitting. I can keep splitting. I can keep going, literally. I can keep going, literally. I can keep going, literally. Literally. Literally. Literally. Because Because Because this type of wig gives you the options. this type of wig gives you the options. this type of wig gives you the options. Yes, it does still has the baby hair Yes, it does still has the baby hair Yes, it does still has the baby hair that you can use or lay down once you that you can use or lay down once you that you can use or lay down once you cut the edges. cut the edges. cut the edges. So this is a overall wig. So this is a overall wig. So this is a overall wig. Y'all know she cute. Shut up. Y'all know she cute. Shut up. Y'all know she cute. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. Okay, well, check that photo. Okay, well, check that photo. Okay, well, check that photo. Cuz that photo was telling the truth. Cuz that photo was telling the truth. Cuz that photo was telling the truth. Yes, I'll have on a different shirt. Yes, I'll have on a different shirt. Yes, I'll have on a different shirt. But this was really just a Look, I'm But this was really just a Look, I'm But this was really just a Look, I'm moving it. I'm moving it. I'm twisting moving it. I'm moving it. I'm twisting moving it. I'm moving it. I'm twisting it. I'm going. And I mean, I am it. I'm going. And I mean, I am it. I'm going. And I mean, I am This This This is is is thick. thick. thick. This ain't the chintzy ones. This This ain't the chintzy ones. This This ain't the chintzy ones. This actually feels like actually feels like actually feels like locks. locks. locks. Truly, it feels Look at the texture. Can Truly, it feels Look at the texture. Can Truly, it feels Look at the texture. Can you see it? There you go. you see it? There you go. you see it? There you go. It is giving locked hair. It is giving locked hair. It is giving locked hair. It is giving It is giving It is giving 4 hours later. 4 hours later. 4 hours later. It's giving that. It's giving that. It's giving that. And like I said, it's a 360, so And like I said, it's a 360, so And like I said, it's a 360, so literally, it is allowing you I'm going literally, it is allowing you I'm going literally, it is allowing you I'm going to switch to the back. to switch to the back. to switch to the back. Again, I haven't laid it down. Again, I haven't laid it down. Again, I haven't laid it down. But, But, But, you can go all the way around with this, you can go all the way around with this, you can go all the way around with this, y'all. y'all. y'all. All the way around. All the way around. All the way around. Pinning it up. Pinning it up. Pinning it up. Making it do what it do. Making it do what it do. Making it do what it do. Doing knots in each of the corners. All the things, okay. All the things, okay. All the things, okay. We like her, too, and we shall go I'mma We like her, too, and we shall go I'mma We like her, too, and we shall go I'mma back up so you can't see the full back up so you can't see the full back up so you can't see the full frontal as much. frontal as much. frontal as much. But, you can kind of get the illusion. But, you can kind of get the illusion. But, you can kind of get the illusion. Yeah. Go on and get it. Go on and get it. Go on and get it. I think you'll enjoy it and you'll have I think you'll enjoy it and you'll have I think you'll enjoy it and you'll have fun wearing it. fun wearing it. fun wearing it. You will. You will. You will. Enjoy the photo.