Hello and welcome back. I'm finishing Hello and welcome back. I'm finishing Hello and welcome back. I'm finishing getting ready for the day right now, getting ready for the day right now, getting ready for the day right now, which is why my makeup is half done. But which is why my makeup is half done. But which is why my makeup is half done. But welcome back to a new vlog. I actually welcome back to a new vlog. I actually welcome back to a new vlog. I actually have not vlogged in a very long time. have not vlogged in a very long time. have not vlogged in a very long time. I've been kind of a inconsistent with I've been kind of a inconsistent with I've been kind of a inconsistent with posting and b just working on videos posting and b just working on videos posting and b just working on videos that I have filmed from earlier in the that I have filmed from earlier in the that I have filmed from earlier in the summer or like from last month summer or like from last month summer or like from last month essentially. But it is actually essentially. But it is actually essentially. But it is actually September 1st, so happy September. I'm September 1st, so happy September. I'm September 1st, so happy September. I'm really excited. September is my favorite really excited. September is my favorite really excited. September is my favorite month of the year besides October. Those month of the year besides October. Those month of the year besides October. Those two months are my favorite. And so I two months are my favorite. And so I two months are my favorite. And so I literally woke up so excited this literally woke up so excited this literally woke up so excited this morning that it's September. I hope morning that it's September. I hope morning that it's September. I hope everyone had a great summer and a great everyone had a great summer and a great everyone had a great summer and a great August. With that being said, obviously August. With that being said, obviously August. With that being said, obviously we are now back to school. I did have my we are now back to school. I did have my we are now back to school. I did have my first week back to fashion school last first week back to fashion school last first week back to fashion school last week, which is really, really nice. I week, which is really, really nice. I week, which is really, really nice. I felt so good just being back on campus felt so good just being back on campus felt so good just being back on campus and having like a structured schedule. I and having like a structured schedule. I and having like a structured schedule. I actually kind of love school. My actually kind of love school. My actually kind of love school. My attention span is not the best, but I do attention span is not the best, but I do attention span is not the best, but I do enjoy especially what I'm learning, enjoy especially what I'm learning, enjoy especially what I'm learning, which if you're new here, I'm at Fashion which if you're new here, I'm at Fashion which if you're new here, I'm at Fashion Institute of Technology, which is a Institute of Technology, which is a Institute of Technology, which is a fashion school in New York. And I'm fashion school in New York. And I'm fashion school in New York. And I'm studying advertising and marketing studying advertising and marketing studying advertising and marketing communications there, which is really, communications there, which is really, communications there, which is really, really cool. It's a lot of like digital really cool. It's a lot of like digital really cool. It's a lot of like digital marketing and a lot of people tend to go marketing and a lot of people tend to go marketing and a lot of people tend to go into PR with this major. So, it's really into PR with this major. So, it's really into PR with this major. So, it's really cool. I really enjoy it. And now I'm in cool. I really enjoy it. And now I'm in cool. I really enjoy it. And now I'm in my bachelor's as opposed to last year my bachelor's as opposed to last year my bachelor's as opposed to last year when I was completing my associates. I when I was completing my associates. I when I was completing my associates. I actually have two associates, you guys. actually have two associates, you guys. actually have two associates, you guys. Yeah. So, it's really cool. And now it's Yeah. So, it's really cool. And now it's Yeah. So, it's really cool. And now it's like getting a little bit more not like getting a little bit more not like getting a little bit more not advanced, um, detailed, I guess you advanced, um, detailed, I guess you advanced, um, detailed, I guess you would say. So, it's really interesting. would say. So, it's really interesting. would say. So, it's really interesting. I'm excited. I like my classes so far. I'm excited. I like my classes so far. I'm excited. I like my classes so far. It was just a good week, but I wanted to It was just a good week, but I wanted to It was just a good week, but I wanted to like make sure I settled in properly like make sure I settled in properly like make sure I settled in properly before taking you guys along. I also did before taking you guys along. I also did before taking you guys along. I also did end up like switching out some classes, end up like switching out some classes, end up like switching out some classes, so whatever I had last week is not so whatever I had last week is not so whatever I had last week is not exactly the same as going forward. exactly the same as going forward. exactly the same as going forward. Anyways, so it's actually Labor Day Anyways, so it's actually Labor Day Anyways, so it's actually Labor Day today, meaning there is no school, but today, meaning there is no school, but today, meaning there is no school, but I'm going to take you guys through a I'm going to take you guys through a I'm going to take you guys through a school week in my life. Also, I don't school week in my life. Also, I don't school week in my life. Also, I don't know if you can peep in the in the know if you can peep in the in the know if you can peep in the in the mirror reflection, but a little new mirror reflection, but a little new mirror reflection, but a little new addition to the apartment. That is a addition to the apartment. That is a addition to the apartment. That is a little hint to the video that I'm little hint to the video that I'm little hint to the video that I'm currently filming because it's one of currently filming because it's one of currently filming because it's one of the many additions I'm making to my the many additions I'm making to my the many additions I'm making to my apartment. So, stay tuned. I'm not just apartment. So, stay tuned. I'm not just apartment. So, stay tuned. I'm not just going to ignore that there's like new going to ignore that there's like new going to ignore that there's like new things happening in the apartment. Kind things happening in the apartment. Kind things happening in the apartment. Kind of rambling, but I did want to catch up of rambling, but I did want to catch up of rambling, but I did want to catch up with you guys cuz I genuinely feel like with you guys cuz I genuinely feel like with you guys cuz I genuinely feel like I haven't sat down to like talk and I haven't sat down to like talk and I haven't sat down to like talk and film. I felt like all of August I wasn't film. I felt like all of August I wasn't film. I felt like all of August I wasn't vlogging. I don't know why, but vlogging. I don't know why, but vlogging. I don't know why, but nonetheless, we are here and I'm excited nonetheless, we are here and I'm excited nonetheless, we are here and I'm excited for this new start of the year. I've for this new start of the year. I've for this new start of the year. I've heard so many people say this and I heard so many people say this and I heard so many people say this and I totally agree. Sometimes September 1st totally agree. Sometimes September 1st totally agree. Sometimes September 1st or like the start of a new semester if or like the start of a new semester if or like the start of a new semester if you're a student feels more like a fresh you're a student feels more like a fresh you're a student feels more like a fresh start than New Year's Eve does. I start than New Year's Eve does. I start than New Year's Eve does. I totally agree. I personally think like totally agree. I personally think like totally agree. I personally think like every time September rolls around or every time September rolls around or every time September rolls around or like end of August, I'm like it's a new like end of August, I'm like it's a new like end of August, I'm like it's a new year, new me. Like that sensation and I year, new me. Like that sensation and I year, new me. Like that sensation and I love it. It's just exciting. There's love it. It's just exciting. There's love it. It's just exciting. There's like something different in the air. So, like something different in the air. So, like something different in the air. So, I hope you guys enjoy this week's vlog I hope you guys enjoy this week's vlog I hope you guys enjoy this week's vlog and my first back to school vlog if you and my first back to school vlog if you and my first back to school vlog if you will. Let's have a great week, a great will. Let's have a great week, a great will. Let's have a great week, a great September, and get into our plans. September, and get into our plans. September, and get into our plans. Okay, good morning you guys. It is I Okay, good morning you guys. It is I Okay, good morning you guys. It is I need to leave. 10:51. Let's go to need to leave. 10:51. Let's go to need to leave. 10:51. Let's go to school. I need to put on my lippy, my school. I need to put on my lippy, my school. I need to put on my lippy, my lip combo. But I do want to show you lip combo. But I do want to show you lip combo. But I do want to show you guys my outfit before I leave. I've been guys my outfit before I leave. I've been guys my outfit before I leave. I've been loving just doing simple outfits and loving just doing simple outfits and loving just doing simple outfits and then dressing it up with accessories. then dressing it up with accessories. then dressing it up with accessories. It's like the easiest formula so I don't It's like the easiest formula so I don't It's like the easiest formula so I don't have to overthink my outfit for school. have to overthink my outfit for school. have to overthink my outfit for school. So today we have just a simple classic So today we have just a simple classic So today we have just a simple classic white tank. This is from Cost. I'm white tank. This is from Cost. I'm white tank. This is from Cost. I'm obsessed with it. It's like the obsessed with it. It's like the obsessed with it. It's like the thickest, nicest ribbed material. thickest, nicest ribbed material. thickest, nicest ribbed material. Probably my favorite white tank I've Probably my favorite white tank I've Probably my favorite white tank I've ever bought. I really recommend it. And ever bought. I really recommend it. And ever bought. I really recommend it. And then my gorgeous jewelry from Pilgrim then my gorgeous jewelry from Pilgrim then my gorgeous jewelry from Pilgrim Jewelry. They kindly sent me these Jewelry. They kindly sent me these Jewelry. They kindly sent me these pieces. I'm literally obsessed. Look at pieces. I'm literally obsessed. Look at pieces. I'm literally obsessed. Look at the earrings, you guys. So cute. Sorry, the earrings, you guys. So cute. Sorry, the earrings, you guys. So cute. Sorry, I'm talking like really fast cuz I'm a I'm talking like really fast cuz I'm a I'm talking like really fast cuz I'm a little late. These jeans are from little late. These jeans are from little late. These jeans are from Ragged. This belt, I could not tell you. Ragged. This belt, I could not tell you. Ragged. This belt, I could not tell you. And then these are my little Jeffrey And then these are my little Jeffrey And then these are my little Jeffrey Campbell boots that go all the way up. Campbell boots that go all the way up. Campbell boots that go all the way up. Cute stuff. Okay, I feel really good. I Cute stuff. Okay, I feel really good. I Cute stuff. Okay, I feel really good. I have two classes today, a lunch break in have two classes today, a lunch break in have two classes today, a lunch break in between, which I'm going to spend doing between, which I'm going to spend doing between, which I'm going to spend doing some work, editing, all that stuff. I some work, editing, all that stuff. I some work, editing, all that stuff. I need a band-aid, you guys. I want to need a band-aid, you guys. I want to need a band-aid, you guys. I want to show you. Well, actually, it's kind of show you. Well, actually, it's kind of show you. Well, actually, it's kind of disgusting. I don't really want to show disgusting. I don't really want to show disgusting. I don't really want to show you. My finger has gotten really dry. I you. My finger has gotten really dry. I you. My finger has gotten really dry. I think like one of my rings started to think like one of my rings started to think like one of my rings started to like be too tight on it. So, now it's like be too tight on it. So, now it's like be too tight on it. So, now it's like super dry and I have to constantly like super dry and I have to constantly like super dry and I have to constantly put Neosporin on it. And on top of that, put Neosporin on it. And on top of that, put Neosporin on it. And on top of that, that same finger, I just broke my nail that same finger, I just broke my nail that same finger, I just broke my nail there. So, the whole pointer finger there. So, the whole pointer finger there. So, the whole pointer finger looks so disgusting. Anyways, this is looks so disgusting. Anyways, this is looks so disgusting. Anyways, this is chaotic. Let's go. Oh, now Oh, now Oh, now heat. heat. heat. Okay, obviously back home. I'm just Okay, obviously back home. I'm just Okay, obviously back home. I'm just stopping by to change into my workout stopping by to change into my workout stopping by to change into my workout outfit. I'm headed to a new workout outfit. I'm headed to a new workout outfit. I'm headed to a new workout class that I've never tried before. It's class that I've never tried before. It's class that I've never tried before. It's in Tribeca, I believe. I forget the name in Tribeca, I believe. I forget the name in Tribeca, I believe. I forget the name of the place, but I don't think it's of the place, but I don't think it's of the place, but I don't think it's like traditional Pilates. It's not. I like traditional Pilates. It's not. I like traditional Pilates. It's not. I don't think so. I literally don't know don't think so. I literally don't know don't think so. I literally don't know what I'm getting myself into, but I just what I'm getting myself into, but I just what I'm getting myself into, but I just wanted to sign up and take myself to a wanted to sign up and take myself to a wanted to sign up and take myself to a little workout class, like a Pilates little workout class, like a Pilates little workout class, like a Pilates fusion, something. We're going to see. I fusion, something. We're going to see. I fusion, something. We're going to see. I hope it's nice because I've been sitting hope it's nice because I've been sitting hope it's nice because I've been sitting on my butt all day and I need some like on my butt all day and I need some like on my butt all day and I need some like energy. Um, so we're going now. School energy. Um, so we're going now. School energy. Um, so we're going now. School today flew by though. I was like, how is today flew by though. I was like, how is today flew by though. I was like, how is the day already over? And like even the day already over? And like even the day already over? And like even during my lunch break, I was like, it's during my lunch break, I was like, it's during my lunch break, I was like, it's already time for my second class. Like, already time for my second class. Like, already time for my second class. Like, I don't know. It just went by fast, I don't know. It just went by fast, I don't know. It just went by fast, which I'm not really complaining about. which I'm not really complaining about. which I'm not really complaining about. It was a good day nonetheless. And yeah, It was a good day nonetheless. And yeah, It was a good day nonetheless. And yeah, now I'm excited to just go move my body now I'm excited to just go move my body now I'm excited to just go move my body a little bit to be honest. 5:25. >> Are we >> Are we >> Are we >> There's nothing. >> There's nothing. >> There's nothing. >> Oh my god. I don't want to touch >> Oh my god. I don't want to touch >> Oh my god. I don't want to touch anything. anything. anything. I've never seen that elevator. I didn't film in there at all because I I didn't film in there at all because I I didn't film in there at all because I don't know. I just never feel really don't know. I just never feel really don't know. I just never feel really that comfortable filming in workout that comfortable filming in workout that comfortable filming in workout classes. Amazing. I literally was like, classes. Amazing. I literally was like, classes. Amazing. I literally was like, "Okay, I'm at Pilates class." Like, how "Okay, I'm at Pilates class." Like, how "Okay, I'm at Pilates class." Like, how hard can it be? I'm going to be so sore hard can it be? I'm going to be so sore hard can it be? I'm going to be so sore tomorrow, but in the best way possible. tomorrow, but in the best way possible. tomorrow, but in the best way possible. I'm really glad I did it. And it was I'm really glad I did it. And it was I'm really glad I did it. And it was actually so relaxing, too. And it was actually so relaxing, too. And it was actually so relaxing, too. And it was like different like functional movements like different like functional movements like different like functional movements that also really stretched the body and that also really stretched the body and that also really stretched the body and like released a lot of tension that we like released a lot of tension that we like released a lot of tension that we hold in like our hips. And I literally hold in like our hips. And I literally hold in like our hips. And I literally with like 2 lb weights and I was like with like 2 lb weights and I was like with like 2 lb weights and I was like shaking and so out of breath. shaking and so out of breath. shaking and so out of breath. Good morning you guys. It is Wednesday. Good morning you guys. It is Wednesday. Good morning you guys. It is Wednesday. I only have one class today which is I only have one class today which is I only have one class today which is nice and it's like a shorter class nice and it's like a shorter class nice and it's like a shorter class because I have it twice twice a week. because I have it twice twice a week. because I have it twice twice a week. classes at FIT, by the way, are 3 hours classes at FIT, by the way, are 3 hours classes at FIT, by the way, are 3 hours long minimum usually. But yeah, this long minimum usually. But yeah, this long minimum usually. But yeah, this class is like it meets twice a week as class is like it meets twice a week as class is like it meets twice a week as opposed to just once a week. So, it's opposed to just once a week. So, it's opposed to just once a week. So, it's like a shorter class today, which is like a shorter class today, which is like a shorter class today, which is nice, but I still dread it. I really nice, but I still dread it. I really nice, but I still dread it. I really don't like this class. It's like some don't like this class. It's like some don't like this class. It's like some computing, financial, mathematics, computing, financial, mathematics, computing, financial, mathematics, everything I don't like essentially. everything I don't like essentially. everything I don't like essentially. It's just like boring to me. Whatever. It's just like boring to me. Whatever. It's just like boring to me. Whatever. Anyways, let's pick out my outfit. I Anyways, let's pick out my outfit. I Anyways, let's pick out my outfit. I don't know what to wear today. I never don't know what to wear today. I never don't know what to wear today. I never know what to wear nowadays because when know what to wear nowadays because when know what to wear nowadays because when you're in school, some classes are like you're in school, some classes are like you're in school, some classes are like super hot, some classes are like really super hot, some classes are like really super hot, some classes are like really cold. It'll say it's like nice out and cold. It'll say it's like nice out and cold. It'll say it's like nice out and then it'll end up being like really then it'll end up being like really then it'll end up being like really windy and freezing and then other times windy and freezing and then other times windy and freezing and then other times it's like oh it's cold but then the sun it's like oh it's cold but then the sun it's like oh it's cold but then the sun comes out of nowhere and you're like comes out of nowhere and you're like comes out of nowhere and you're like sweating your ass off. Yeah, that's the sweating your ass off. Yeah, that's the sweating your ass off. Yeah, that's the dilemma I've been having the last week dilemma I've been having the last week dilemma I've been having the last week and a half. So, I don't really know what and a half. So, I don't really know what and a half. So, I don't really know what to wear. Let's see what I can whip up. I to wear. Let's see what I can whip up. I to wear. Let's see what I can whip up. I am getting ready to go to campus and am getting ready to go to campus and am getting ready to go to campus and just like hang out there until my class just like hang out there until my class just like hang out there until my class later and then I'm just going to work at later and then I'm just going to work at later and then I'm just going to work at a cafe until then. Okay, I think I want a cafe until then. Okay, I think I want a cafe until then. Okay, I think I want to wear these black jeans from Motel to wear these black jeans from Motel to wear these black jeans from Motel Rocks. I've been loving these lately. Rocks. I've been loving these lately. Rocks. I've been loving these lately. They just have such a nice like They just have such a nice like They just have such a nice like silhouette and I don't know, they're silhouette and I don't know, they're silhouette and I don't know, they're really good jeans. Really good jeans. really good jeans. Really good jeans. really good jeans. Really good jeans. And then I could do this top from My Mom And then I could do this top from My Mom And then I could do this top from My Mom made it. She's cute. Let's see what I made it. She's cute. Let's see what I made it. She's cute. Let's see what I settle on if I like this combination settle on if I like this combination settle on if I like this combination together. I'll come back to you guys together. I'll come back to you guys together. I'll come back to you guys with my final outfit decision. Not wear with my final outfit decision. Not wear with my final outfit decision. Not wear a single thing that I just pulled out a single thing that I just pulled out a single thing that I just pulled out and showed you guys. My whole outfit is and showed you guys. My whole outfit is and showed you guys. My whole outfit is thrifted today. Actually, shout out. thrifted today. Actually, shout out. thrifted today. Actually, shout out. Love you. I'm very pinkalicious today. I Love you. I'm very pinkalicious today. I Love you. I'm very pinkalicious today. I love it. Keeping it simple today with love it. Keeping it simple today with love it. Keeping it simple today with the jewelry perfume. I showed this the jewelry perfume. I showed this the jewelry perfume. I showed this perfume in a recent video cuz I went to perfume in a recent video cuz I went to perfume in a recent video cuz I went to the like showroom. This is by Dossier, the like showroom. This is by Dossier, the like showroom. This is by Dossier, the IT Factor perfume. I'm obsessed with the IT Factor perfume. I'm obsessed with the IT Factor perfume. I'm obsessed with it. It smells so good. I like douse it. It smells so good. I like douse it. It smells so good. I like douse myself in it. myself in it. myself in it. Okay, dolls. We are ready to go work a Okay, dolls. We are ready to go work a Okay, dolls. We are ready to go work a little bit and then we're going to head little bit and then we're going to head little bit and then we're going to head to class. Okay, I just finished my one and only Okay, I just finished my one and only Okay, I just finished my one and only class of today and I was going to head class of today and I was going to head class of today and I was going to head home. I have a lot of chores to do home. I have a lot of chores to do home. I have a lot of chores to do today. So, I was going to like stop at today. So, I was going to like stop at today. So, I was going to like stop at the event cuz nobody wants to see me do the event cuz nobody wants to see me do the event cuz nobody wants to see me do laundry. Um, but I'm actually walking laundry. Um, but I'm actually walking laundry. Um, but I'm actually walking over to H&M cuz it's close to campus. over to H&M cuz it's close to campus. over to H&M cuz it's close to campus. And I'm just going to go see what they And I'm just going to go see what they And I'm just going to go see what they have to decorate my home. have to decorate my home. have to decorate my home. Happy Friday everyone. I obviously did Happy Friday everyone. I obviously did Happy Friday everyone. I obviously did not vlog yesterday. It was kind of like not vlog yesterday. It was kind of like not vlog yesterday. It was kind of like not a mundane day, but I was like it's not a mundane day, but I was like it's not a mundane day, but I was like it's going to be repetitive if I vlog again. going to be repetitive if I vlog again. going to be repetitive if I vlog again. I don't know. Anyways, I had two classes I don't know. Anyways, I had two classes I don't know. Anyways, I had two classes yesterday. One of which is a video yesterday. One of which is a video yesterday. One of which is a video studio production class. That is my studio production class. That is my studio production class. That is my longest class yet. It is 4 hours. It's longest class yet. It is 4 hours. It's longest class yet. It is 4 hours. It's like in the later part of the day, so like in the later part of the day, so like in the later part of the day, so I'm kind of like I was literally falling I'm kind of like I was literally falling I'm kind of like I was literally falling asleep. But it's really cool. We get to asleep. But it's really cool. We get to asleep. But it's really cool. We get to like be in this studio. And yesterday we like be in this studio. And yesterday we like be in this studio. And yesterday we were playing around as both on the crew were playing around as both on the crew were playing around as both on the crew side of things and the technical part. side of things and the technical part. side of things and the technical part. And then also me and my friend were in And then also me and my friend were in And then also me and my friend were in front of the camera for a little bit front of the camera for a little bit front of the camera for a little bit pretending to be like a host and a guest pretending to be like a host and a guest pretending to be like a host and a guest on a talk show on a talk show on a talk show >> and we're live. >> and we're live. >> and we're live. >> It's such a fun class. It's really like >> It's such a fun class. It's really like >> It's such a fun class. It's really like hands-on and really cool. But today on hands-on and really cool. But today on hands-on and really cool. But today on Friday, I don't have any classes, which Friday, I don't have any classes, which Friday, I don't have any classes, which is really, really nice. I'm going to use is really, really nice. I'm going to use is really, really nice. I'm going to use today to be a little bit productive. I today to be a little bit productive. I today to be a little bit productive. I have to go ship out a depot order. have to go ship out a depot order. have to go ship out a depot order. Somebody bought my boots. Thank you for Somebody bought my boots. Thank you for Somebody bought my boots. Thank you for buying my boots because I've been trying buying my boots because I've been trying buying my boots because I've been trying to get rid of these Doc Martens forever. to get rid of these Doc Martens forever. to get rid of these Doc Martens forever. And I recently went to HomeGoods and I And I recently went to HomeGoods and I And I recently went to HomeGoods and I bought these cute boxes. Like, how bought these cute boxes. Like, how bought these cute boxes. Like, how adorable is this? And then it came in adorable is this? And then it came in adorable is this? And then it came in another one. Literally adorable. And another one. Literally adorable. And another one. Literally adorable. And I've been wanting to gift my mom and my I've been wanting to gift my mom and my I've been wanting to gift my mom and my sister a lot of the products that I sister a lot of the products that I sister a lot of the products that I received in PR and don't personally use received in PR and don't personally use received in PR and don't personally use or that has just been like piling up. or that has just been like piling up. or that has just been like piling up. And my sister recently moved into And my sister recently moved into And my sister recently moved into college, so like the house is completely college, so like the house is completely college, so like the house is completely empty now. So, it's been an adjustment empty now. So, it's been an adjustment empty now. So, it's been an adjustment for both my mom and my sister. And I for both my mom and my sister. And I for both my mom and my sister. And I thought it'd be sweet to just kind of thought it'd be sweet to just kind of thought it'd be sweet to just kind of ship out these surprise gift boxes. And ship out these surprise gift boxes. And ship out these surprise gift boxes. And I also bought these like little cards I also bought these like little cards I also bought these like little cards from HomeGoods that says you can do from HomeGoods that says you can do from HomeGoods that says you can do this. I'm going to write a little note this. I'm going to write a little note this. I'm going to write a little note and just give them some like products and just give them some like products and just give them some like products that I think they would really love. that I think they would really love. that I think they would really love. They have no idea I'm doing this, so I'm They have no idea I'm doing this, so I'm They have no idea I'm doing this, so I'm really excited for them to receive it. really excited for them to receive it. really excited for them to receive it. So, let's see what we can whip up. Okay, So, let's see what we can whip up. Okay, So, let's see what we can whip up. Okay, so this is like the big It's so heavy. so this is like the big It's so heavy. so this is like the big It's so heavy. The box that I keep most of my PR The box that I keep most of my PR The box that I keep most of my PR products in. My god. Starting off, I products in. My god. Starting off, I products in. My god. Starting off, I gave my sister most of the Janeiro gave my sister most of the Janeiro gave my sister most of the Janeiro perfumes. She loves these, but last time perfumes. She loves these, but last time perfumes. She loves these, but last time she came, she couldn't bring this home she came, she couldn't bring this home she came, she couldn't bring this home cuz it was over the like limit for cuz it was over the like limit for cuz it was over the like limit for flights. I received this like acne flights. I received this like acne flights. I received this like acne skincare line, which I've used quite a skincare line, which I've used quite a skincare line, which I've used quite a bit of, but she loved the products that bit of, but she loved the products that bit of, but she loved the products that I didn't end up using. So, I'm going to I didn't end up using. So, I'm going to I didn't end up using. So, I'm going to give her this for shrinker toner. She give her this for shrinker toner. She give her this for shrinker toner. She literally asked for it last time that literally asked for it last time that literally asked for it last time that she was here and like visited and I was she was here and like visited and I was she was here and like visited and I was like kind of want it and then I didn't like kind of want it and then I didn't like kind of want it and then I didn't use it. Also going to give her some use it. Also going to give her some use it. Also going to give her some highlighters from Ofra Cosmetics. She highlighters from Ofra Cosmetics. She highlighters from Ofra Cosmetics. She had been asking me like, "Oh, what are had been asking me like, "Oh, what are had been asking me like, "Oh, what are some good highlighters?" So, this will some good highlighters?" So, this will some good highlighters?" So, this will be perfect for her. This one as well be perfect for her. This one as well be perfect for her. This one as well that has some bronzing shades. She loves that has some bronzing shades. She loves that has some bronzing shades. She loves anything glowy in terms of like skincare anything glowy in terms of like skincare anything glowy in terms of like skincare makeup. So, I'm going to give her this makeup. So, I'm going to give her this makeup. So, I'm going to give her this Kos Glow Ivy Vitamin Infused Skin Kos Glow Ivy Vitamin Infused Skin Kos Glow Ivy Vitamin Infused Skin Enhancer. Also, these Wildflower Enhancer. Also, these Wildflower Enhancer. Also, these Wildflower stickers. I think she's really going to stickers. I think she's really going to stickers. I think she's really going to love a Mario Badescu lip mask. For my love a Mario Badescu lip mask. For my love a Mario Badescu lip mask. For my mom, I'm going to give her this Kosas mom, I'm going to give her this Kosas mom, I'm going to give her this Kosas bronzer. A super beautiful shimmery bronzer. A super beautiful shimmery bronzer. A super beautiful shimmery bronzer. Also, this Patrick Ta plumping bronzer. Also, this Patrick Ta plumping bronzer. Also, this Patrick Ta plumping gloss in the shade need her. Super gloss in the shade need her. Super gloss in the shade need her. Super pretty. This Kos Dream Beam Comfy Smooth pretty. This Kos Dream Beam Comfy Smooth pretty. This Kos Dream Beam Comfy Smooth Sunscreen. It's like a shimmery, super Sunscreen. It's like a shimmery, super Sunscreen. It's like a shimmery, super lightweight sunscreen. Really nice. And lightweight sunscreen. Really nice. And lightweight sunscreen. Really nice. And then I'm trying to debate which Clock then I'm trying to debate which Clock then I'm trying to debate which Clock Lip to give to my sister. My mom doesn't Lip to give to my sister. My mom doesn't Lip to give to my sister. My mom doesn't use claw clips, so there's no point. I use claw clips, so there's no point. I use claw clips, so there's no point. I think I'm still going to give her this think I'm still going to give her this think I'm still going to give her this one. I feel like she would love it. And one. I feel like she would love it. And one. I feel like she would love it. And she has so much hair. She's really going she has so much hair. She's really going she has so much hair. She's really going to appreciate the bigger closet. These to appreciate the bigger closet. These to appreciate the bigger closet. These are from Chelshells, by the way. Super are from Chelshells, by the way. Super are from Chelshells, by the way. Super cute. And then also for my sister, I'm cute. And then also for my sister, I'm cute. And then also for my sister, I'm going to give her these like cute heart going to give her these like cute heart going to give her these like cute heart earrings from Telegram Jewelry. So, earrings from Telegram Jewelry. So, earrings from Telegram Jewelry. So, let's package up these little cute boxes let's package up these little cute boxes let's package up these little cute boxes and then write the notes and ship them and then write the notes and ship them and then write the notes and ship them out. I have my return from Amazon and my I have my return from Amazon and my I have my return from Amazon and my depot order in here. And here are the depot order in here. And here are the depot order in here. And here are the two gift boxes. And then I also have to two gift boxes. And then I also have to two gift boxes. And then I also have to run some errands. I think I have to go run some errands. I think I have to go run some errands. I think I have to go to like Target and I'm getting my nails to like Target and I'm getting my nails to like Target and I'm getting my nails done later because that's horrifying. done later because that's horrifying. done later because that's horrifying. Let's go ship these out. Thank you so much. Have a good one, Thank you so much. Have a good one, Thank you so much. Have a good one, you guys. It's almost 3:00 p.m. and I you guys. It's almost 3:00 p.m. and I you guys. It's almost 3:00 p.m. and I have not left my house today. But that have not left my house today. But that have not left my house today. But that isn't to say I wasn't productive. I isn't to say I wasn't productive. I isn't to say I wasn't productive. I definitely was productive. I just now I definitely was productive. I just now I definitely was productive. I just now I really need to get out before I like really need to get out before I like really need to get out before I like lose my mind a little bit. I need some lose my mind a little bit. I need some lose my mind a little bit. I need some fresh air. I also have a lot of work to fresh air. I also have a lot of work to fresh air. I also have a lot of work to do. I have some homework and also some do. I have some homework and also some do. I have some homework and also some like work videos to edit. A YouTube like work videos to edit. A YouTube like work videos to edit. A YouTube video to edit. Yeah. I also just want to video to edit. Yeah. I also just want to video to edit. Yeah. I also just want to like plan out my week. I got a new like plan out my week. I got a new like plan out my week. I got a new planner. I've never had a planner. I planner. I've never had a planner. I planner. I've never had a planner. I don't think I have. At least maybe when don't think I have. At least maybe when don't think I have. At least maybe when I was like really little, but I've never I was like really little, but I've never I was like really little, but I've never had a proper planner. So, I got this had a proper planner. So, I got this had a proper planner. So, I got this one. And the sheer elegance of it makes one. And the sheer elegance of it makes one. And the sheer elegance of it makes me so excited to actually use it. like me so excited to actually use it. like me so excited to actually use it. like it is ridiculously beautiful. The layout it is ridiculously beautiful. The layout it is ridiculously beautiful. The layout too is really nice. You can do a monthly too is really nice. You can do a monthly too is really nice. You can do a monthly reflection and then for the month that's reflection and then for the month that's reflection and then for the month that's coming up, a little road map like coming up, a little road map like coming up, a little road map like personal goals and habit trackers. It's personal goals and habit trackers. It's personal goals and habit trackers. It's just been a game changer and like it's just been a game changer and like it's just been a game changer and like it's helping me be more organized with school helping me be more organized with school helping me be more organized with school and even like little things that I have and even like little things that I have and even like little things that I have going on during the week just so I don't going on during the week just so I don't going on during the week just so I don't forget because my brain is always like forget because my brain is always like forget because my brain is always like scrambled and I've tried using like scrambled and I've tried using like scrambled and I've tried using like digital planners and things like that. I digital planners and things like that. I digital planners and things like that. I just never stick to it. I end up just just never stick to it. I end up just just never stick to it. I end up just like typing in my notes app. So, this like typing in my notes app. So, this like typing in my notes app. So, this has been amazing. I'm going to go ahead has been amazing. I'm going to go ahead has been amazing. I'm going to go ahead and plan the week out and have it all and plan the week out and have it all and plan the week out and have it all clearly laid out. I think we're going to clearly laid out. I think we're going to clearly laid out. I think we're going to go to my OG cafe. I used to go there all go to my OG cafe. I used to go there all go to my OG cafe. I used to go there all the time during first semester. It's on the time during first semester. It's on the time during first semester. It's on the upper east side and I'm never in the the upper east side and I'm never in the the upper east side and I'm never in the uppers like during the school year, uppers like during the school year, uppers like during the school year, especially during the school week especially during the school week especially during the school week because like my school is in Chelsea and because like my school is in Chelsea and because like my school is in Chelsea and then like a lot of what I do is like then like a lot of what I do is like then like a lot of what I do is like downtown. So, I'm never up there and downtown. So, I'm never up there and downtown. So, I'm never up there and it's so peaceful and I feel like for it's so peaceful and I feel like for it's so peaceful and I feel like for this Sunday it's like super gloomy this Sunday it's like super gloomy this Sunday it's like super gloomy outside. It was like raining all of outside. It was like raining all of outside. It was like raining all of yesterday, raining a little today. I yesterday, raining a little today. I yesterday, raining a little today. I feel like that would be so cozy with feel like that would be so cozy with feel like that would be so cozy with like a hot coffee or something. Okay. I like a hot coffee or something. Okay. I like a hot coffee or something. Okay. I could not be bothered to put on makeup could not be bothered to put on makeup could not be bothered to put on makeup today. So, I'm using these glasses as today. So, I'm using these glasses as today. So, I'm using these glasses as like a little as a little makeup like a little as a little makeup like a little as a little makeup essentially. All right, let's go. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. N.