Hello and welcome back. I'm finishing
getting ready for the day right now,
which is why my makeup is half done. But
welcome back to a new vlog. I actually
have not vlogged in a very long time.
I've been kind of a inconsistent with
posting and b just working on videos
that I have filmed from earlier in the
summer or like from last month
essentially. But it is actually
September 1st, so happy September. I'm
really excited. September is my favorite
month of the year besides October. Those
two months are my favorite. And so I
literally woke up so excited this
morning that it's September. I hope
everyone had a great summer and a great
August. With that being said, obviously
we are now back to school. I did have my
first week back to fashion school last
week, which is really, really nice. I
felt so good just being back on campus
and having like a structured schedule. I
actually kind of love school. My
attention span is not the best, but I do
enjoy especially what I'm learning,
which if you're new here, I'm at Fashion
Institute of Technology, which is a
fashion school in New York. And I'm
studying advertising and marketing
communications there, which is really,
really cool. It's a lot of like digital
marketing and a lot of people tend to go
into PR with this major. So, it's really
cool. I really enjoy it. And now I'm in
my bachelor's as opposed to last year
when I was completing my associates. I
actually have two associates, you guys.
Yeah. So, it's really cool. And now it's
like getting a little bit more not
advanced, um, detailed, I guess you
would say. So, it's really interesting.
I'm excited. I like my classes so far.
It was just a good week, but I wanted to
like make sure I settled in properly
before taking you guys along. I also did
end up like switching out some classes,
so whatever I had last week is not
exactly the same as going forward.
Anyways, so it's actually Labor Day
today, meaning there is no school, but
I'm going to take you guys through a
school week in my life. Also, I don't
know if you can peep in the in the
mirror reflection, but a little new
addition to the apartment. That is a
little hint to the video that I'm
currently filming because it's one of
the many additions I'm making to my
apartment. So, stay tuned. I'm not just
going to ignore that there's like new
things happening in the apartment. Kind
of rambling, but I did want to catch up
with you guys cuz I genuinely feel like
I haven't sat down to like talk and
film. I felt like all of August I wasn't
vlogging. I don't know why, but
nonetheless, we are here and I'm excited
for this new start of the year. I've
heard so many people say this and I
totally agree. Sometimes September 1st
or like the start of a new semester if
you're a student feels more like a fresh
start than New Year's Eve does. I
totally agree. I personally think like
every time September rolls around or
like end of August, I'm like it's a new
year, new me. Like that sensation and I
love it. It's just exciting. There's
like something different in the air. So,
I hope you guys enjoy this week's vlog
and my first back to school vlog if you
will. Let's have a great week, a great
September, and get into our plans.
Okay, good morning you guys. It is I
need to leave. 10:51. Let's go to
school. I need to put on my lippy, my
lip combo. But I do want to show you
guys my outfit before I leave. I've been
loving just doing simple outfits and
then dressing it up with accessories.
It's like the easiest formula so I don't
have to overthink my outfit for school.
So today we have just a simple classic
white tank. This is from Cost. I'm
obsessed with it. It's like the
thickest, nicest ribbed material.
Probably my favorite white tank I've
ever bought. I really recommend it. And
then my gorgeous jewelry from Pilgrim
Jewelry. They kindly sent me these
pieces. I'm literally obsessed. Look at
the earrings, you guys. So cute. Sorry,
I'm talking like really fast cuz I'm a
little late. These jeans are from
Ragged. This belt, I could not tell you.
And then these are my little Jeffrey
Campbell boots that go all the way up.
Cute stuff. Okay, I feel really good. I
have two classes today, a lunch break in
between, which I'm going to spend doing
some work, editing, all that stuff. I
need a band-aid, you guys. I want to
show you. Well, actually, it's kind of
disgusting. I don't really want to show
you. My finger has gotten really dry. I
think like one of my rings started to
like be too tight on it. So, now it's
like super dry and I have to constantly
put Neosporin on it. And on top of that,
that same finger, I just broke my nail
there. So, the whole pointer finger
looks so disgusting. Anyways, this is
chaotic. Let's go.
Oh, now
heat.
Okay, obviously back home. I'm just
stopping by to change into my workout
outfit. I'm headed to a new workout
class that I've never tried before. It's
in Tribeca, I believe. I forget the name
of the place, but I don't think it's
like traditional Pilates. It's not. I
don't think so. I literally don't know
what I'm getting myself into, but I just
wanted to sign up and take myself to a
little workout class, like a Pilates
fusion, something. We're going to see. I
hope it's nice because I've been sitting
on my butt all day and I need some like
energy. Um, so we're going now. School
today flew by though. I was like, how is
the day already over? And like even
during my lunch break, I was like, it's
already time for my second class. Like,
I don't know. It just went by fast,
which I'm not really complaining about.
It was a good day nonetheless. And yeah,
now I'm excited to just go move my body
a little bit to be honest.
5:25.
Are we
There's nothing.
Oh my god. I don't want to touch
anything.
I've never seen that elevator.
I didn't film in there at all because I
don't know. I just never feel really
that comfortable filming in workout
classes. Amazing. I literally was like,
"Okay, I'm at Pilates class." Like, how
hard can it be? I'm going to be so sore
tomorrow, but in the best way possible.
I'm really glad I did it. And it was
actually so relaxing, too. And it was
like different like functional movements
that also really stretched the body and
like released a lot of tension that we
hold in like our hips. And I literally
with like 2 lb weights and I was like
shaking and so out of breath.
Good morning you guys. It is Wednesday.
I only have one class today which is
nice and it's like a shorter class
because I have it twice twice a week.
classes at FIT, by the way, are 3 hours
long minimum usually. But yeah, this
class is like it meets twice a week as
opposed to just once a week. So, it's
like a shorter class today, which is
nice, but I still dread it. I really
don't like this class. It's like some
computing, financial, mathematics,
everything I don't like essentially.
It's just like boring to me. Whatever.
Anyways, let's pick out my outfit. I
don't know what to wear today. I never
know what to wear nowadays because when
you're in school, some classes are like
super hot, some classes are like really
cold. It'll say it's like nice out and
then it'll end up being like really
windy and freezing and then other times
it's like oh it's cold but then the sun
comes out of nowhere and you're like
sweating your ass off. Yeah, that's the
dilemma I've been having the last week
and a half. So, I don't really know what
to wear. Let's see what I can whip up. I
am getting ready to go to campus and
just like hang out there until my class
later and then I'm just going to work at
a cafe until then. Okay, I think I want
to wear these black jeans from Motel
Rocks. I've been loving these lately.
They just have such a nice like
silhouette and I don't know, they're
really good jeans. Really good jeans.
And then I could do this top from My Mom
made it. She's cute. Let's see what I
settle on if I like this combination
together. I'll come back to you guys
with my final outfit decision. Not wear
a single thing that I just pulled out
and showed you guys. My whole outfit is
thrifted today. Actually, shout out.
Love you. I'm very pinkalicious today. I
love it. Keeping it simple today with
the jewelry perfume. I showed this
perfume in a recent video cuz I went to
the like showroom. This is by Dossier,
the IT Factor perfume. I'm obsessed with
it. It smells so good. I like douse
myself in it.
Okay, dolls. We are ready to go work a
little bit and then we're going to head
to class.
Okay, I just finished my one and only
class of today and I was going to head
home. I have a lot of chores to do
today. So, I was going to like stop at
the event cuz nobody wants to see me do
laundry. Um, but I'm actually walking
over to H&M cuz it's close to campus.
And I'm just going to go see what they
have to decorate my home.
Happy Friday everyone. I obviously did
not vlog yesterday. It was kind of like
not a mundane day, but I was like it's
going to be repetitive if I vlog again.
I don't know. Anyways, I had two classes
yesterday. One of which is a video
studio production class. That is my
longest class yet. It is 4 hours. It's
like in the later part of the day, so
I'm kind of like I was literally falling
asleep. But it's really cool. We get to
like be in this studio. And yesterday we
were playing around as both on the crew
side of things and the technical part.
And then also me and my friend were in
front of the camera for a little bit
pretending to be like a host and a guest
on a talk show
and we're live.
It's such a fun class. It's really like
hands-on and really cool. But today on
Friday, I don't have any classes, which
is really, really nice. I'm going to use
today to be a little bit productive. I
have to go ship out a depot order.
Somebody bought my boots. Thank you for
buying my boots because I've been trying
to get rid of these Doc Martens forever.
And I recently went to HomeGoods and I
bought these cute boxes. Like, how
adorable is this? And then it came in
another one. Literally adorable. And
I've been wanting to gift my mom and my
sister a lot of the products that I
received in PR and don't personally use
or that has just been like piling up.
And my sister recently moved into
college, so like the house is completely
empty now. So, it's been an adjustment
for both my mom and my sister. And I
thought it'd be sweet to just kind of
ship out these surprise gift boxes. And
I also bought these like little cards
from HomeGoods that says you can do
this. I'm going to write a little note
and just give them some like products
that I think they would really love.
They have no idea I'm doing this, so I'm
really excited for them to receive it.
So, let's see what we can whip up. Okay,
so this is like the big It's so heavy.
The box that I keep most of my PR
products in. My god. Starting off, I
gave my sister most of the Janeiro
perfumes. She loves these, but last time
she came, she couldn't bring this home
cuz it was over the like limit for
flights. I received this like acne
skincare line, which I've used quite a
bit of, but she loved the products that
I didn't end up using. So, I'm going to
give her this for shrinker toner. She
literally asked for it last time that
she was here and like visited and I was
like kind of want it and then I didn't
use it. Also going to give her some
highlighters from Ofra Cosmetics. She
had been asking me like, "Oh, what are
some good highlighters?" So, this will
be perfect for her. This one as well
that has some bronzing shades. She loves
anything glowy in terms of like skincare
makeup. So, I'm going to give her this
Kos Glow Ivy Vitamin Infused Skin
Enhancer. Also, these Wildflower
stickers. I think she's really going to
love a Mario Badescu lip mask. For my
mom, I'm going to give her this Kosas
bronzer. A super beautiful shimmery
bronzer. Also, this Patrick Ta plumping
gloss in the shade need her. Super
pretty. This Kos Dream Beam Comfy Smooth
Sunscreen. It's like a shimmery, super
lightweight sunscreen. Really nice. And
then I'm trying to debate which Clock
Lip to give to my sister. My mom doesn't
use claw clips, so there's no point. I
think I'm still going to give her this
one. I feel like she would love it. And
she has so much hair. She's really going
to appreciate the bigger closet. These
are from Chelshells, by the way. Super
cute. And then also for my sister, I'm
going to give her these like cute heart
earrings from Telegram Jewelry. So,
let's package up these little cute boxes
and then write the notes and ship them
out.
I have my return from Amazon and my
depot order in here. And here are the
two gift boxes. And then I also have to
run some errands. I think I have to go
to like Target and I'm getting my nails
done later because that's horrifying.
Let's go ship these out.
Thank you so much. Have a good one,
you guys. It's almost 3:00 p.m. and I
have not left my house today. But that
isn't to say I wasn't productive. I
definitely was productive. I just now I
really need to get out before I like
lose my mind a little bit. I need some
fresh air. I also have a lot of work to
do. I have some homework and also some
like work videos to edit. A YouTube
video to edit. Yeah. I also just want to
like plan out my week. I got a new
planner. I've never had a planner. I
don't think I have. At least maybe when
I was like really little, but I've never
had a proper planner. So, I got this
one. And the sheer elegance of it makes
me so excited to actually use it. like
it is ridiculously beautiful. The layout
too is really nice. You can do a monthly
reflection and then for the month that's
coming up, a little road map like
personal goals and habit trackers. It's
just been a game changer and like it's
helping me be more organized with school
and even like little things that I have
going on during the week just so I don't
forget because my brain is always like
scrambled and I've tried using like
digital planners and things like that. I
just never stick to it. I end up just
like typing in my notes app. So, this
has been amazing. I'm going to go ahead
and plan the week out and have it all
clearly laid out. I think we're going to
go to my OG cafe. I used to go there all
the time during first semester. It's on
the upper east side and I'm never in the
uppers like during the school year,
especially during the school week
because like my school is in Chelsea and
then like a lot of what I do is like
downtown. So, I'm never up there and
it's so peaceful and I feel like for
this Sunday it's like super gloomy
outside. It was like raining all of
yesterday, raining a little today. I
feel like that would be so cozy with
like a hot coffee or something. Okay. I
could not be bothered to put on makeup
today. So, I'm using these glasses as
like a little as a little makeup
essentially. All right, let's go.
Heat. Heat. N.
