I never imagined that my sisters would play such a dirty prank on me.  I was going I never imagined that my sisters would play such a dirty prank on me.  I was going out for some work in Darshan when out for some work in Darshan when out for some work in Darshan when suddenly my mother caught me.   He is suddenly my mother caught me.   He is suddenly my mother caught me.   He is travelling a lot these days.  Come get the housework done. travelling a lot these days.  Come get the housework done. travelling a lot these days.  Come get the housework done. I said, mom, get it done by your sisters. I said, mom, get it done by your sisters. I said, mom, get it done by your sisters. She is getting ready. She is getting ready. She is getting ready. Ready for what?  I will go and see right now.  Now Ready for what?  I will go and see right now.  Now Ready for what?  I will go and see right now.  Now as soon as I came to my room.  Both of them got as soon as I came to my room.  Both of them got as soon as I came to my room.  Both of them got ready and were busy doing makeup. ready and were busy doing makeup. ready and were busy doing makeup. Hey brother, where are you going so ready? Hey brother, where are you going so ready? Hey brother, where are you going so ready? At the birthday party.  If you want to go, get ready quickly.   I will be back in just At the birthday party.  If you want to go, get ready quickly.   I will be back in just two minutes.  Now I was getting ready and two minutes.  Now I was getting ready and two minutes.  Now I was getting ready and looking in the mirror when my mother looking in the mirror when my mother looking in the mirror when my mother came and said, came and said, came and said, hey hero, first look at your face. hey hero, first look at your face. hey hero, first look at your face. How much tan has he got in the sun.   Do How much tan has he got in the sun.   Do How much tan has he got in the sun.   Do n't worry about that mom because I n't worry about that mom because I n't worry about that mom because I use Maharth Octa Natural Glow use Maharth Octa Natural Glow use Maharth Octa Natural Glow Face Wash.  It contains turmeric and saffron which Face Wash.  It contains turmeric and saffron which Face Wash.  It contains turmeric and saffron which remove tan and give a remove tan and give a remove tan and give a natural glow to the skin and the best part is that it is natural glow to the skin and the best part is that it is natural glow to the skin and the best part is that it is completely safe to apply.  Now brother, you are ready. completely safe to apply.  Now brother, you are ready. completely safe to apply.  Now brother, you are ready. I told my sister, let's get I told my sister, let's get I told my sister, let's get in the car and leave for the party.  But in the car and leave for the party.  But in the car and leave for the party.  But then my sisters stopped the car and said that then my sisters stopped the car and said that then my sisters stopped the car and said that we have reached our destination.  Hey, it was a birthday we have reached our destination.  Hey, it was a birthday we have reached our destination.  Hey, it was a birthday party, right?   It's party, right?   It's party, right?   It's not a happy birthday party, it's a happy prank. not a happy birthday party, it's a happy prank. not a happy birthday party, it's a happy prank. What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? You scared us with a snake.  Today the item was completed. You scared us with a snake.  Today the item was completed. Now tell me what should be done with them? Now tell me what should be done with them? Now tell me what should be done with them? I will look at these.  If you want the product, please I will look at these.  If you want the product, please I will look at these.  If you want the product, please tag above.