Thank you so much for turning up in such large numbers. The show's name is Hamar is Amani Mein. You have no coffee, you have no parents. You have no parents. You have no parents. You have no parents. And actually things have changed. Things have changed a lot. First a parent changes. A parent changes. To test the problems may be Roxyn itself will happen. The problem would be for little parents of all along. You know the answer? Very little answer but turn on your staff for one. Is it wrong? You have a problem dream? Have you had problems for a while before that. I am not going to do that. I am not going to do that. I am not going to do that. I am going to do sandwich spreads. I am going to add the sandwich. I am going to add the osmo, the sonali, the bender, and the carrot. What is the reason? It is not interesting. I am not going to do that. I am going to do sandwich with my sonali. I am going to do something interesting. I am going to do a sandwich with my sonali. I am going to do a rectangle for you. I am going to do sausage with my sonali. I am not a child. I am a child. I am a child. I am not Indian. I am hungry. I am not a child. I am a child. I am not a child. I am not a child. I am a child. I am not a child. Everything has changed. I am not a child. My mystery is solved. My sister and I are all in this. She is the only one who is in this. She is just a man. She is a man. Divided. She is a man. She is a man. You are a man. She is a man. She is a man. And all changes are not good. I think that's a problem. I noticed that I was going to pick up a lot of people. I was going to worldwide airports. I noticed that. Worldwide airports is a problem. I think that the bathroom is going to be a sensor. I think that's why I didn't know that. I think that's why I didn't know that. I think that's why I didn't know that. I didn't know that. I couldn'tiren that's why. I didn't know that the sensor was going to be a problem in all places. I knew thatcan you take world-wide enormous extent? I'm going to shut down this sensor. And bike it is locked. I don't know why I said I can't drain a lot. My mom says that the sensor has been broken down. When I heard that I'm getting Jayathu Dinner she went to terminal number fireape. I alwaysgrand at sensing any kind of Hermanitta tolerance on top. Heyiver, I'm good and you can teach me how to do that. I choose carburetor Louis Man undHHHHHHHHHH tortoises. Absolutely. Oh and I still have one finished. I know what to call. I'm making a gun in here. Or how you give people very daisy this And you are like If someone s Mechanics Humor like BefkMalar Satro beans j Shen Toilet is a sensitive sensor. It is a flush. It is a flush. It is a problem. How do you figure out how to make a toilet? How do you figure out how to make a toilet? Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And how do you make a sensor? How do you make it reliable? People know me very well. Every week, is there a wrong? We know, people will eat well each Sunday into a day off. Wouldn't that be the case? I don't know what you can do with sensors. I don't know what you can do with sensors. I don't know what you can do with sensors. I don't know what you can do with a sensor. Motion sensor. Motion sensor. The principle is that as soon as you enter the toilet, it senses the motion, the light is on. What is the problem? What is the principle? If it does not detect any motion for 30 seconds, light off. Thumbs down. Are you on the bed? Sh suits me or what? Don't let any motion come here or I will give away Just to give you some background, I am 49 years old. I belong to that generation. You know in India, I am liberalization. 90s, I am not a marketer. Companies are bad, salaries are bad. You know, I am an Indian, I am an MBA. I am not a change. I am a change. I am a change. Whenever I sit with my friends from engineering and MBA, one thing that we all agree on, I would applaud if you agree on this one today. That most of us are today making more money, we are living in better houses, and we are driving better cars than we expected we will. Right? It's true. Who are you? Who are you? I am a man. We are a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. I am a man. My wife and I would like one place. It is children he wants to have. Standard bag, the Coork make packet for it, he won't care about it, it will not be our first Pair. Justify it. I will procure any bag, be it minus, a Opalish, or a Churarance orthodox Then I was grains pl develop The army member comes andBut only two of us in Jane democracy She was shocked She was like, Can you cook herheads enough RAW? Where is the furious before you? who has always been around like that.UM He is one by one devil, he is a afternoonsippant. Listen. Then you eat it. Go get that, You don't have to turn away from all thisWest historians By the way, At the beginning of the next programme, I would be 32 girl I don't know why you would get a dirty finger Now which problem is the problem, man? and there it goes. I thank you for soaking up my sandals. You Well... And if you are even around long-lasting fruit over don't worry, this is the luxury health and luxury goods here in thisterm. If a enTYE cannot buy clothes.. This is the Duaish Moment. So i taking my hand and trying to help people understand how the problem is.. Do you have just one person who is going to respect me? Use a reward. If you hospitals... I am telling you, the land is not a big deal. The land is a big deal. The land is a big deal. The land is a big deal. The land is a big deal. I am telling you, true story. I am a dog. My wife and I have the same bag. She is a lady. She is a lady. I am a dog. She is a dog. But I am a dog. I am a diaper. But Dubai is a big deal. Dubai is a big deal. Those are the kids in December. But I am saying, I am a boy. My wife is a boy. And my wife is like, I am a boy. I am a boy. I am a boy. She is a boy. She is a boy. She is a boy. She is a boy. And she is a boy. She is a boy. She is a register. She is a checker. She is sent postresponse, who sends us Reach. Geoff, Ash times,hints. That is a Raja household collection by the time, we meet in our clinic. So we have a backpackSorry? Wings for checkout. If you come here, you have ask you to meet it. Check out all than she gives me. The people of India have to respect each other for their reputation. They originally wanted to give employees jewelry or something to them. There are lambs only which, see them as mean. They do not want Hogwarts. There are special protections, there are special statuses. When you walk through the saliva, only the one bedroom is flat, not even private. Like this man sitting here talked to me, I had to be an actor tone. It was very simple True story, we refer to this asNE we gave our  CFviousan first what would happen to our mother I was dramatic we had a lot ofisk I can't even tell you that the 2-char button is a doll that you can't even see. So, you can't remove the remote. The 3-char button is the one that you can't see. What's the name of the remote? And you can't remove the remote. You can't remove the remote. What's the name of the remote? So, you can't remove the volume chain. Would you build it with me? How about Krisp bag. Give me your phone, one, two, three, four, three. On or off. Give me one of your forward or reverse buttons. Complete the remote! What you can't do is miss the remote. And others ‒ I saw a government that led people more than one person And there wereTixties of whom men appeared just five minutes later We all died but they're not It did Pron splash I should be contemplating on this one, This is Scheme Executive here, cracker key here, Gelva This fulfolnwhare but this are potatoes which are cooked the exact way all the trees are cooked which are not allowed back. What Camera video No technology left, honey! What is the same as a customer loan? If your apples have iron, do you worry? You can take this from me? What is the voltage stabilizer? Do you have voltage stabilizer... What we get from all of us matters, right? No one learns to make a lot of noise, right? So we have ayk Then we moved to a big house, we moved to a three-bedroom house. Six years later, my father bought our first air conditioner and we became a one-bedroom house once again. I am going to take care of you. You are not going to be able to take care of me. You are not going to be able to take care of me. You are not going to be able to take care of me, you are going to be able to take care of me. Does this mean that I am not going to take care of you? I am going to take care of you, you are going to be able to take care of me. I However, even once an adult has reached a huge power bar... has left behind the world with aOUS mode change. Why, why don't we take this first The second one is stop. I am not going to be able to do this. I am going to be a grilled fish. I am going to be a chiger and I am going to be a scientist. Start, start, start, start. Stop. And I am going to be a expert on the next step. I am going to be smart. I am going to be a microwave. I am going to be a Wi-Fi connector. I am going to be a microwave. I am going to be a microwave. I am going to be a microwave. I am going to be a microwave. And I am going to be a password. I am going to be a password. I am going to be a phone hacker. I am going to be a phone hacker. But... What is this? It is fridge smart. It is not a fridge smart. It is a screen. It is a screen with internet connected. It is a computer with a Instagram account. So now you don't have to comfortably sit on your couch and go through internet. Now you can stand in front of your refrigerator. Like an idiot. And watch reels. I am going to be a fridge smart. I am going to be a fridge smart. I am going to be a cold. I am an ex-smart refrigerator. I am an ex-smart refrigerator. I am going to be a Maxwell and marketer. This morning, I was on a Yes. Right. There are cops coming to you My text is from a Trishmade Doctors renewable energy And it has been stolen It's calledJoyVoice Emergency Internet Head internet denied Concrete station Two times of an hour And I was like, what are you doing? I was like, I'm not going to do anything. I was like, I'm going to do something. I'm going to do multiple modes of driving. But what happened? I was in an eco mode. I was in a petrol mode. Sports mode is a little bit different. Mud mode is a little bit more. Sand mode is a little bit more. Rock mode is a little bit more. I don't know why I'm so cute. I'm not going to do anything. But what happened? I was like, snow mode. Snow mode is a little bit different. But I was like, I'm going to do something. weather. Water. I had a aphro Lauren and she edited it. But this is the fault of dental cancer, and this information was just missing. She was completely tent-fed, tasty don't say. She is silent, petrolOut, speed out Merj cave could have been opened for him for a week. Even though you had to lapse, The Prompt begins to bend From where you want was, TheEs may have started with peachy Marticle Why is that, the report changed? Does it increase my ability? Why is it just a report me? He will follow my heart F techno t ...ok?, Something starting, the Caslaugh. Gaud donor said, What are your anxiety like today? What are your expectations for Gaudy? Tell him no day will try for Gaudy, but let him be with you! If there wants to try for me, shut up and shop and eat. Tell him what he will would bruise into and it is you! False challenges. No. You have to have a solution. You have to export it. You have to make sure that Toronto is bent like a bat. You have to have a change. And you have to change it. You have to change the bathroom. You have to change the bathroom. You have to change the bathroom. You have tomob till new change. Such a cousin is only one of them. SeVER back in time... Listen.. Your classroom isn't empty. Everyone needs a bath. The problem almost meant that the businessiocoachoping don't have a cab. What about it? It looks like you had robbed a requests fee So you know this You Short the color Maybe I can talk to you about this Where is next to it Just plus oneiang I am going to hand towel. I am going to put it in the square. I am going to face towel. Face towel is not going to work. I am going to face towel. I am going to... I am going to Google this idea. I am going to... I am going to move my head. I am going to face towel. I am going to wash cloth. And wash cloth is going to be a little bit... ...a little bit. One of the examples that I read was that there was a place where people were looking for a shower. They were going to shower. They were going to take a shower. They were going to take a shower. Some people are thinking, ''Aar, I am going to watch a movie. Don't worry, I am going to show you that there is a movie in the Hindustani. You are going to watch a movie in the audience. I am going to watch a movie in the audience. That is the number. If you cannot catch a situation, can you even go to a party? People come and do other parties, or can you happen to a party at night quick with no Member Chocolate? No! If they want money, people don't come and do those parties. They can only do this so sells. But where should i stand or Kingdom? I am going where he is already! We read about late. But, its Custom Fat! People use Pinch SurRec all evening, so Well Because of outlet Only you do not have a Hayward With Einstein you want the time … miles and happen. I didn't know that I was going to be a woman like that. But I realized a big change has happened. I was thinking, I am not going to be a woman. I am going to be a woman. So I had a wife who was a woman and I was a woman. And she handed over a bottle to me. She was exfoliating, nourishing, re-energizing, moisturizing, body wash. I still do this every single day. I have given her a bottle back. So I braces my born! She also asks if I am good! Askhorn as a woman! Hey I am notocapular. This is a truly power point I did not come here to present. Hillside, I used to go to everyGetting Explore field in age. My country is not the same country, Do you know what a writer is? Do you know what a writer is? Do you know what a writer is? Do you know what a writer is? Except for Bollywood, who is the writer? And it's a lot of work. Do you know what a writer is? A shower gel is a paragraph instruction for use. Do you know what a shower gel is? It's a paragraph that says that it's a book that has a book. And if you're a child, you can't tell what a writer is. You can't tell what a writer is. Do you know what a writer is? I'm sorry. This is a text. Do you know what a writer is? Do you know what a writer is? What a writer is? A regular writer. Do you know what a writer is? A writer is a writer. They say that they write a book about cookies. Cookies are the idea. Biscuits are a punch-a-papar pie-super. Cookies are the idea. And if you're a writer, you can't tell what a writer is. So every cookie is 100 rupees. Every cookie is individually packed inside the box. You can't tell what a writer is. You can't tell what a writer is. You can't tell what a writer is. Lemon peel, shortbread cookies. But if you're a writer, you can't tell what a writer is. Do you know what a writer is? But a box is a paragraph instruction for use. Sometimes it's nothing but the best way to savour your cookies. but confirmation? Not mvision isHI. I am not going to give you any confidence. I am not going to give you any confidence. I am not going to give you any confidence. What do you want? Best way to savor this cookie is to use this as a base of a cheesecake or crumble it over Greek yogurt. I want to give you some food. I am not going to give you any confidence. I am not going to give you any confidence. I want to give you some yogurt. I want to give you some food. I want to give you some food. I want to give you some forest essentials. There are no........ races. These were the grass muddy fruits. These MAC representing Wherever people eat..... I don't advise you that you are a boss, or else you could only supposed to do this I'm sorry. I'm driving all day and I can't get local crap. Why are we info'in for branding for all this? They all do the branding because theysocial shop, feeling so safe andly on the proper silk Alright Why may I ask maid to do the branding? Mmmhmmm Cause I already knew you were coming up with just women so… You try to sell them, alright? Now? Then your wife thinks it is dark. The date Dead one! It's so hard to take out theode for I don't know if I can do this, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it... I don't know if I can do it or not... I am going to say... I don't know if I can do it or not... I don't know if I can do it, I don't know if I can do it... I don't know if I can do it... She said, sir, how did you apply it? I don't know if I can do it, I don't know... No, sir, please read the instructions carefully. You are supposed to dab it lightly. I am sorry if I can do it, I don't know... Thank You. Thank You, you made me confident. But if I should do something and get shot, I would wish $ declares. Frie inagne in the usage to end the succession of estimating Sunday… Do you</ Do you like it better? It's bitter when youinicalize? Do you like it? is Pons, sparked Travelers... ...this w nothing though However, I want to 7th He Secure a RAM You Have the Flames so he is never going to Vinegar I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it. How do you feel? How do you feel? Do you feel like you're going to make a more productive, more productive? How do you feel? I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it. You have to do perfume, you have to do toilet, you have to do body spray, you have to do deodorant, you have to do roll-on, you have to do a little bit of clothing. You have to do this. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it. What do you feel? I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. You have to do it. I'm not going to do it. You have to do body mist. Body mist is a gift that I have made from my YouTube tutorial. Body mist is a gift that I have made. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it with my hair. I'm going to do it. It will get up. Even cases cannot be regressed. Babies are going to get Points. I got a large visit. Both my baby still had Snap on He's waking up, Tell me when will they pass the scruff of h I'd musician cue even if we see a man it good I was a squirt itHere is weather I found shampoo added conditioning ay I y ikes and I thought, I am going to climb Carap Imuffs I am going to get some treatment, I told them, could I still Memphis? If these Slugp Kitt are still in the arpe I'm not a preacher. I'm not a teacher. And I'm not a naturalist. I'm not a naturalist. I'm not a man who has a dollar. I'm not a hero, I'm not a neighbor, I'm not a son, I'm not an avocad. I'm not a freebie. I'm not a face pack. I'm not a face pack. And I'm not a dal. I'm not a dal. But for any quality dal, I'm not a flavor. I'm not a flavor. I'm not aversions. Many of you haveteam to say that I'm a wrong-aftering Positioner. So why don't you ask? Oh yes, what is this gift? Why haven't you.. to her with Australia. Australia, there was somebody who always used to message me. And Brisbane, especially with the show, and he said, I love your show, and I've got this for you. You know, I've got a gift for you. Whisky bottle. So, I've got a gift for you. Do you have a gift for me? What do you have? Right? You're not going to tell me. I'm not going to tell you. Why was the whiskey bottle? You must have some brand at home! SPREAD ME GOOGLE! What month wasid? 20OBR? 35000? 20Arp bottle! Tell me once to see what she has received. She just told me she also told me that she was swear to god for 25OBR! Oh! She mentioned that she was everywhere. Now your Bronze Chanda is Vs. And your gift! You're a gift! And I put every clarity on is exotic tea T diet, but There are weren't many donations, so I think the definition have changed something If it was my everyday gift I would buy a dark brown for a man How deep would you consume that ! There are full of few dead I'll chosen these features tomorrow. But the Broad Look, I said, gift there. Candles there. Scented candles. Q there. Here are candles. I think that if you are living life, you will be able to see that you are a child. You are a child with trauma candles. You are in a bad place and suddenly light is coming. You are a child. You are a child. But you are a child. You are a child. You are a child. You are a child with a lighter use. You are a child. You are a child. You are a child. You are a child with a little bit of a life. You are a child with a very light and a very relaxing life. You are a child with a lighter use. All of you are dying. You are a child with a lighter use. You are a child with a little bit of a light. OMG! Did you ask for a drink? Did my mom come home today and had breakfast? Do you know the expression now she must say, Why are you They should move blankets Others could say these are Cups And they go, I will meet whistler by recommended way. Because it is a great gathering of Mos salad and if you Fold ... turn went Office gears and removed everything through. When I was crossariing with Boiled it was secret place and hurt by me German going We have a gift for you. We have a gift for you. Now we can afford food that we can't pronounce. We are not going to eat this. We are going to eat this croissant. We are going to eat the tea salad. We are going to eat this baby. We are going to eat this croissant. Croissant is a good food. We are going to eat this croissant. We are going to eat this croissant. We have to eat this. This is going to embarrass us. We are not going to eat it. We are going to eat this croissant. So the boy has never Blacks on, You know, when I talked Prok. He still has t went out without a knee. So T posture is still there than he does now. Then one day my daughter is like, Papa, J silent, what is this? J silent, what is this? I am not going to make silent food. Do you order this? Do you order it? Do you order it? Sushi? Sushi? See, honestly, I love eating sushi. But more than eating sushi, I love watching an Indian eating sushi for the first time. See, because I have been there. We are being beat. Here you can getOk. Better to send Private So he made me quag fix my legs. Idea index finger… It's it's my beach, my underwater… I'm so generous at appreciate it. What I really didn't know is When there's a table… I'm not Hortense hired. So sounding the Neo Xi place is what when… I don't know if there's any table. Dude, hey, are you from medieval Germany? We have to go to the next class. We have to go to the next class. Even our liquor has changed. Now sometimes we can afford single malt. Sometimes we drink single malt. And when we drink single malt, we discuss single malt. Have you seen two guys discussing single malt? We have to discuss single malt. We have to go to the next class. We have to go to the next class. We have to go to the next class. Yeah, this one is nice but you have to try LaFroy. LaFroy is smoky right? Yeah, it's smoky right? Actually feel the tinge on your nose a little bit. Have you tried a little bit of double cask? You can taste both the cask on your tongue. People pray even more. As you tell me, I must leave asking you. You know I can't do all this news. You can feel something on my finger. I can't do all these for you. I know it's technical. I need to get some tea please. We need to clear some even though What is the point, General, when I see"... Stupid. When you askeling questions, you're way wrong. It doesn't seem true. No matter what word you use to quote me, or if I... here. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a lot of attention. I don't want to have any attention. I want attention. I don't want to have any attention. I want Starbucks to buy coffee. And I want Starbucks to buy it. I want Starbucks to buy it. But I want to order it. I want Cappuccino, Flat white, American white, Black coffee. I want to buy coffee. I want to order it. I want to buy a lot of orders. I want to buy a little bit of coffee. I want to order it. I want to order it. And she said, I'll take one ice white mocha with sweet cream foam, extra caramel drizzle, extra espresso shot, made with soy milk. I want Starbucks to buy a lot of coffee. You need a late afternoon IF you're about to tell me that. Okay now. I'm not wait to get some views. Like, knowledge about having sex with me is different. Don't worry if there's blood left in your ankle. You see? It's so funny, right? You see, you can't do this. You can't do this. You can't do this. You can't do this. Shampoo, conditioner. You can't do this. You have to do this. If you happen to enter the hotel the entire time, a week before An old Indian girl would come..breathes something.. Don't turn this shoe.. No.. Everyone will deal.. No stuff.. But.. What is your privilege ? You phone the exchanges.. then exchange in upgraded. More engrained galactic weebs were Elf creating them together. They had started from the Ques repeats of this part and my Company started to Courting>>\ He was thinking about collecting them so they couldn't see them. He was though to curate a Sharing account. Even if he I don't want to say, notice that one day, when someone pull and they say, tell a whipped- treatment ah difference.. Then I must say, it is the box in the Lindsey cow But they will tell me, if someone's weight is quarter planned I don't want to say a particular item Just give me one crack when you start Army You can say worst, I'm continent tlich here I am not a teenager. And both my kids are teenagers. My son is 19, my daughter is 17. Give me a yes if you are a teenage kid. Give me a yes. I have been in the house for a long time and I have been living in the house for a long time. In the bath. I am not a teenager. My parents are teenagers and I have been living in the house for a long time. I am not a teenager. I am a teenager, and I have been living in the house for a long time. I am a teenager! I have been to the SCB parties for a long time and I have been to all parties. Did it happen? Do you know all these protests? Did you knowYoung man?lavéez of 2017ASHonly takes righteousness. What do you think, You must OTP ahead. That is supposed to happen while paying money. Dear God's I said, I don't want to give up any permission. I don't want to give up any permission. And this is how teenage works. According to me, this is how teenage works. I was just 13 years old. I was 13 years old. I was a kid. I was a kid. What do you mean by that? What do you mean by that? Are any cameraFile Right. and no doubt we're not gonna the The short that money is not coming. And why not cover, the other day I'll buy the whole thing at the end the other day, TV is loving it, What you're doing is telling my full volume The time has come over, I'll play the song on the other side, I can't become cool anymore. I wish my client crucial I search us of holocaust and my employer privacy here will not be where I driven what I need now is Sers? Don't you tell a twentiethabbard if you call videofeeders? Mother. We grow up saying things that they don't sell. They have said theysenate me at one point, but they arent even true, which means people have not had anyÖ Did you know the fight , Dustin? No.. documentary.. gradient movie that you've lived for and 10 years also. RADI resistant BREAKING IN 1918 .. WaMiration Mamashatino Then what I don't have� .. A You know the standards. I phoned a hello my GnMp. I warholed I also I whoopedunt My son said no I don't havent Thats what yous do Immediately when you wear arontal I'm not a father. Life is a sequence of life. But I'm not a child. And after I've solved this problem, I've had a problem with this generation. I've been to the internet for years. I've had an iPad, iPhone, I've had technology for years. So I've had a problem with this generation. I've had a problem with this generation. But I've had a problem with this generation. I'm a child. I'm a child. I've had a father who had a phone setup. I've had help. My father told me that he's better than my father. I've been to the internet for a long time. I used to travel. But when I found out, I couldn't help myself. Every person beingbot who worked at home had always awesome life. How to manate? I Riding on TV or sc ring on furnaces. Whatever he does, he hates chasing path. That doesn't teach me. He is the one who contracting and getting the car is just so bad because I am taking toisd When it hurts he gets the car This guy is so These girls are like Kenosho Welcome to my daughter and son We checkant His movie is fine You will never see a baby riding anogie even with a baby life will be a mess So what? I'm not going to do that. I'm going to do a video call with my family. What's your video call? I'm going to put a phone on my phone. I'm going to put a phone on my phone. My son starts. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. Then she'll pick up the call and she'll be like, How could you do it? I'm going to do it. I'm going to respond. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. And then my son has a major complaint. My son always complains. He tells me, I'm going to do it. Might I be feeling caramel? I've been mul've it. And honestly, my son's congestion. He's pimpe honed that care no more. I want a caramel. Carbolic is wrong. Never landscape it. tunes See, the thing is, I love my daughter. I love my daughter to death! But sometimes I wonder why. I am not a woman. I am a woman. I am a woman. I am a woman. I am a woman. I am a woman. Same. The normal tone of talking is Papa. You are a woman, Papa. A man is giving While to live on that But, like he is few, He is so human, I am telling you, I will give you an example. I am a family, I have a family, I have a family, I have a family, I have a family, I have a family, I have a family. I have a family, I have a father, I have a family. I have a baby, I have a baby, I have a baby. My baby is called Papa, who is wearing a hairband. Clips, makeup, makeup, nail polish, my baby. I have a baby. I have a baby. I am a challenge. I have a hairband, I have a baby. I have a baby. I have a baby. I have a baby. I will give you a short story. True story completely. I have a baby. I have a passport. She was already 16. I showed my parents hernotes. She said, do not look at your 2010 bill, you are still dependent. My required documents were enough for my ability. She said, no, Papa. My father protecly consumers with documents. She said, no, Papa is not going to look at me. I have a flashlight, I must return it. My parents took my parents out and see, why didn't you call him ? So she meeting myins. I am telling about pocket material , I'm asking their parents to purchase a pocket material. I said, I am going to pass the passport. I don't have a missing passport. I don't have a missing passport. I don't have a passport. I don't have a date, I don't have a date. And obviously I am angry. I have a bed. I have a bed. I have a bed. I have a problem. I have to make a document. I have to work. And my daughter said, She said, I have a So my wife is like, I have a bed. I have to make a document. I have to make a document. I have to make a night shoot. So I have to make a phone call. I have to make a phone call. And I actually use the phone. I don't know why. But I don't know why. Five minutes later, I am defending my daughter in front of my wife. And my wife is looking at me. I have no clue what happened. I have no clue what happened. And I am like, of course. Because she has learnt from the best. My daughter is just an advanced version of my wife. My wife's wife's iPhone 7 has been a bit better. iPhone 16 Pro Max. Same. Right? I have no clue what happened. I have no clue what happened. Same. I have no clue what happened. I have no clue what happened. I have no clue what happened. Non caramelized. I have no clue what happened. I have no clue what happened. She said last year we went on vacations. I have no clue what happened. So obviously my wife wanted pictures. And obviously I was taking the pictures. Or obviously her photo was not very good. I have no clue what happened. I have no clue what happened. I have no clue what happened. I have no clue what happened. I have no clue what happened. I have no clue what happened. My daughter is not a girl. She has no clue what happened. But my son is not. But then my daughter also wanted pictures. After all she is a 17 year old girl. Why is she always Dreams? Because otherwise it won't be even 3 months for TikTok. But apparently it doesn't happen. But now it doesn't happen. 17 year old girls, this is how they take pictures. They'll give you the camera and they'll be like, I'll post this. I'll post it. I'll tell you what, I'm going to do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll tell you what, I'll do it. I'll post it. So my daughter wanted pictures. Sorry, photos move, delete Mari. I'm going to do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. I'll do it. That is very Major Love. I Schooled at Positive asset long school. quickshell. I didn't will be needed me. I had a plan. their parent has gotta plan and him wants to Calience us to respons. but we get hit hard, so we'll have to look at age slightly.jet. for parents I have to examination I was so excited. I had a lot of exercise. I was in the front of the car, I had a lot of fun. I was in the middle of this. My daughter got up. I went up to my father, pulled his cheek and said, I am so cute. And left. Left. I had a very young girl. A young girl. I was so happy that I had a relationship with her. My daughter left me with her father. She was so cute. And I looked at my father. And my father was like, I am so happy that I have a relationship with her. I was so happy. I didn't want to be a child. I was so happy that I had a relationship with her. I was a little bit nervous. I was in a parent-g and my mother said, I was so happy that I had a relationship with her. I was so happy that I had a relationship with her. It wasn't me. I was a parent-g. And I was a parent-g. And I was so happy that I had a relationship with her. My philosophy was to be a parent-g. I'm always in a parent-g. And my parent-g has always been in a parent-g. So I am always in a parent-g. I have to be a parent. When I think about my parents, Everyone is French... Praise surface.... But in Honest her She is real, she didn't want to fall. Nai. She is just me eatingder. I am sorry. That is why ...aries see us reigning in love. She has beaten us all. I want to smile, like I was in the Three Star Page. My father would be like... When he feels He Brian, you want to travel with him? I want to carry a calamity with you, but I will close the car and blow your fire cartel Which car representative Brian has car I'll be getting aéoney. I've been doing me a while, and I'm wrong, I Sent Ka and made Khan Raghav from Madha- Croster. It was a delayed Wish for a India icing, and I remember, number 9, And your father's like. band!" He's reallyOB These waistWaiter-keys about having Orbital men cruise bin Phee, It's true. Trump, mother ofutenants, Vertagol Bennon 009 You must be Archive holder Such semantics You can translate it i will start with this Pee..lsYES P fromedi My dad never had a nice wedding back then Didh insensitive dating He Citizen's Son Mum was a m Prince My uncle's guitar And his Petrol My disciples And their your auntie Then yourprovdoctor Didn't eat You're a boy? Whats his trap for? I wanted to make something to complete things in black games. I suppose it was good. So, what? I think this is a big aim here. Your life Inv prest anxiety about your phone lateral TourYA They are going to be being lost and lost already. They are a red light And then I tell people that we built part of coaches. They never wanted themselves advertising Stop. So, I'm going to start with this. I'm going to stand up and do this. I'm going to sit here and do this. I'm going to do this. But whatever we may say about the scooters. I think, scooter is a major contribution to India. I noticed that. I think India is popular in the 70s onwards. I think it's popular in India. India is family planning. Family planning it's not a major biggest thing. Take a looked at the scooter outward. If you do lots of scooter- fit and don't want the next scooter your car is going to go anywhere. There may be rail truck, but that's quite obvious. You are playing the unauthorized Once Upon a Time compared to a TATA Nino Launch. That is like a launching point and actually reading a dad's speech for me, their regular family has two wheels, I felt it is very dangerous for them. I think they deserve a car. Let us say I have one car, because my son is a everything person, To me, the 800k changes turned me crazy. This is a family, My family functioned. Then what happened to my daughter She stares at me. How in the hell did she consider us? So what did your parents just say? She kept staring at me. Was comforting you? And the workers was striping me from hidden now? But when they asked me why, Do they have an overhand that is wood? Because they Dick in a heart. My sister kicked him out one night. You know what he calls THAT baby before we show you? And he likes Burger his fulfill. Remember? Did that include soccer? Aliens? Is no sign for this. I said, I'm a full speed guy, I'm going to put my feet in a seatbelt. I'll put my feet in a seatbelt. I said, Mom, I'm going to put my feet in a seatbelt. And I said, I'm going to put my feet in a seatbelt. I'm going to challenge you. I am the society in the right hand. If thisALK is the proper place, you can always play. A guy with a rubberike with a plastic vis.. ..who would violin on its head.. .. .. Would put Ridiculous in the right hand. 45 degree temperature.. ..Re lineup like this.. Be lineup regarding.. ...a photo service Detention So what did I even do? You justtheme You Murmurs .... Come the size, you've already done that Ok go, go We'll try it Is this Comp injecting? Yes, she must be or Ex-Psychopath That is insurers rating it. The Ooh! Ain-Dhar vach hif Ramseyyull Up matters! Ain-Dhar vach h If Cerin Bull is her dise spare Nastyaach, Jag Div peaked in chased My machines and roadways are light." And the roadways, not just those highways, up to reflects the dirt and nowadays, I try to keep my mom's seat noise. Everyone of us has 128 seats on. She will be like, I do not want to wear a bed again. Bonnet. Bonnet, she looked an Indian that way. She looked Indian from locker room for power. It would be nice because after we hand our health care is here. I have a driver drive and I Have baby pills on side as well. I am going to buy your own store. No, I am going to buy your own eats. The And the boss said that, I am having proper crocky I'm not sure if I can do this in the next video. And I said, What is the problem? What is the problem? I have a bedroom. I have a bedroom. I have a drawing. I have a bedroom. I have a son with a pen and a TV. I have a drawing. What is the joint with mommy and my son ? What is the joint with fragrance andoh attitude? The joint with fragrance andoh attitude? What is the whole deal? What is the part where we are not allowed? I'm not sure what to do with this. But ladies, I'm not sure what to do with this. I'm not sure what to do with the crocheting industry. But otherwise, for some reason, I'm not sure. I'm not sure what to do with the crocheting. I'm not sure if the leather is made of leather. Completely true story. I'm not sure if my father has a laptop or printer. But I think the printer will be covered in the same color. Crocheting is not a good thing. So I think the printer is better for the other side. I don't know what to do with this. I'm not sure what to do with this. But I'm not sure what to do with this. I'm not sure what to do with this. But if I saw a white color, I would have done it. I think the crocheting industry is better for the other side. I'm not sure if the printer is made of leather or wearing a setting change. A setting change. I'm not sure what to do with this. I'm not sure what to do with this. But... I think the best way to do it is to have a complimentary knocker. So I think... I think the better way to do it. I think the best way to do it is to put it on a bench. I don't know what to do with this. I don't know what to do with this. I think the printer is better for the other side. You don't know what to do? I don't know what to do with this. I'm not sure what to do with this. It's just the art that's magic. I don't know what to do with this. Don't worry. I think the printer is better. But I don't know. I don't know what to do with it. But I think that's how it is. I remember those conversations. My father is like, Charlog, who are you? Charlog, who are you? Art, pineapple, pastries, mango, all of that? And I'm thinking, Puri Puri, milriya? Puri Puri, milriya? Puri Puri, milriya? Puri Puri, milriya? Puri Puri, milriya? Puri Puri, milriya? Puri Puri, milriya? Puri Puri, milriya? And I'm thinking, Puri Puri, milriya? Now, I'm at a standard Adi Pastry cut. Most of the time Adi cut, milriya? Unless it is a special occasion. Tampuri milriya. And I'm thinking, Special occasion, Puri Pastry? Then my mother came in and my mother is like, What art art art pastry? Art art pastry. Art art pastry. Art art pastry. Art art pastry. I'm thinking, And I'm thinking, I draw some paper. She is an wonders what you have done yourself. The way western imagineer view it. I'm thinking, pull my book of thewe to conduits. fetch my rockets from your side And you come astray and lead the way. If theyo are scene I There's so muchIndo those headcrab. sub to his wife Just fall there Ser! even like contrary You must be afraid the other side slish Do you think all completion flies will be just court? rock So Lowe'mshe told me someone in front of you we can talk to you. My mother is given some candy. And here, I go. You see? You got it! I say, I prevent candy from eating Nwi, what's the name of the float on course day is? Of course my mom is different, I am tired. I am very young. I am very young. I am very young. But my dad is a little young. My dad is very young. My dad is very young. And I am. We all know that look. I am very young. But my dad is very young. My dad is very young. But God bless my elder brother. Three years older to me. My father was very young. My father is very protective. My elder brother has always been very protective. My father was very normal. My father was very young. My father was very young. I have been very young, I have always been very nice. My mother is very young. My father has always been very young. My son is very young. My mother is very young. And she Leave She Leave She Leave Daddy I She Leave You Am gone Karlmusic Wow And Karl I Am featured And I Am Thinking rave But Were not modest and by all of this You have never been to K Otherwise Im in No"}]," But Almost Joking Daddy I'm not a dad. I'm a dad. Fortunately, I'm a mom. I'm a dad. I'm a dad. I'm a dad. I'm a dad. I'm a dad. I'm a mom. I'm a daughter. I'm a mom. Thank you, Mumbai. You've been a lovely audience. Thank you so much. So much fun performing for you guys. Thank you.