Sholay Sholay se ho Sholay Sholay se ho Sholay Sholay se ho yaar maine itni moti ring pehna rahi hai hello everyone namaste and welcome back to my hello everyone namaste and welcome back to my hello everyone namaste and welcome back to my second channel yes ji guys this is my second second channel yes ji guys this is my second second channel yes ji guys this is my second channel and if you haven't subscribed then channel and if you haven't subscribed then channel and if you haven't subscribed then why not guys look at the views of Hawaii why not guys look at the views of Hawaii why not guys look at the views of Hawaii so blue blue sky and blue blue so blue blue sky and blue blue so blue blue sky and blue blue water anyway guys this is my beach water anyway guys this is my beach water anyway guys this is my beach outfit today but the best thing is the outfit today but the best thing is the outfit today but the best thing is the view from here.  Look at this. [MUSIC] It's [MUSIC] It's [MUSIC] It's sunny so I'm wearing this cap sunny so I'm wearing this cap sunny so I'm wearing this cap that I got as a birthday gift.  There are a that I got as a birthday gift.  There are a that I got as a birthday gift.  There are a lot of things to do today lot of things to do today lot of things to do today but first let's have breakfast but first let's have breakfast but first let's have breakfast because I haven't had coffee yet and my because I haven't had coffee yet and my because I haven't had coffee yet and my brain is not working. brain is not working. brain is not working. Here is a great cafe in front of the beach. Here is a great cafe in front of the beach. Here is a great cafe in front of the beach. We have breakfast here. We have breakfast here. We have breakfast here. You get me hanging in. Ganna Get This One French Toast and Coffee P O Ganna Get This One French Toast and Coffee P O Ganna Get This One French Toast and Coffee P O O N A O N A O N A I told him clearly my name is Poonam. I told him clearly my name is Poonam. I told him clearly my name is Poonam. Guys, it's written Poha here.  Yes so Guys, it's written Poha here.  Yes so Guys, it's written Poha here.  Yes so milk coffee. Look who is in front of me?  Bro bro bro Look who is in front of me?  Bro bro bro Look who is in front of me?  Bro bro bro no no no didi please give me a little. didi please give me a little. didi please give me a little. Friend, why are you not letting me eat my food comfortably Friend, why are you not letting me eat my food comfortably Friend, why are you not letting me eat my food comfortably ?  Brother, there was food there too. ?  Brother, there was food there too. ?  Brother, there was food there too. Why have you come here?  My Why have you come here?  My Why have you come here?  My people around me are eating a lot of food.  And people around me are eating a lot of food.  And people around me are eating a lot of food.  And why has this pigeon come to my table only? why has this pigeon come to my table only? why has this pigeon come to my table only? Cheers, Cheers, Cheers, here's another one and I have one in front of me, here's another one and I have one in front of me, here's another one and I have one in front of me, so this one is French toast so this one is French toast so this one is French toast [music] and it has different fruits on top. [music] and it has different fruits on top. [music] and it has different fruits on top. Strawberries, blueberries, flowers Strawberries, blueberries, flowers Strawberries, blueberries, flowers you can eat, and here's a banana. He said that you can eat this flower. He said that you can eat this flower. He said that you can eat this flower. But I don't know. Actually there is no test.  Meaning it Actually there is no test.  Meaning it Actually there is no test.  Meaning it feels like you are not eating anything feels like you are not eating anything feels like you are not eating anything but there is no bad taste.  Had fun. but there is no bad taste.  Had fun. but there is no bad taste.  Had fun. Before I leave, I have to buy gifts for some friends and family. Before I leave, I have to buy gifts for some friends and family. Before I leave, I have to buy gifts for some friends and family. So here is So here is So here is Sunier's shop.  You get awesome things here. Sunier's shop.  You get awesome things here. Sunier's shop.  You get awesome things here. So let's do some shopping.  Guys, So let's do some shopping.  Guys, So let's do some shopping.  Guys, this is a postcard from Hawaii.  Looks simple, this is a postcard from Hawaii.  Looks simple, this is a postcard from Hawaii.  Looks simple, right?  But look at these ones.  Oh my God. right?  But look at these ones.  Oh my God. right?  But look at these ones.  Oh my God. Why do I have to see all this?  Well, Why do I have to see all this?  Well, Why do I have to see all this?  Well, I am blind. I am blind. I am blind. I'm gonna get this one.  This one is also this I'm gonna get this one.  This one is also this I'm gonna get this one.  This one is also this Hala Lai.  These people make and wear the famous flower and Hala Lai.  These people make and wear the famous flower and Hala Lai.  These people make and wear the famous flower and its garland. its garland. its garland. I ate this flower for breakfast today, I ate this flower for breakfast today, I ate this flower for breakfast today, but this one is a hairpin. but this one is a hairpin. but this one is a hairpin. So we will take this one also.  Will it So we will take this one also.  Will it So we will take this one also.  Will it look cute?  Can I have a basket? look cute?  Can I have a basket? look cute?  Can I have a basket? I have asked aunty for chabadi.  Thank you very much. I have asked aunty for chabadi.  Thank you very much. I have asked aunty for chabadi.  Thank you very much. This is a necklace and the shark tooth is This is a necklace and the shark tooth is This is a necklace and the shark tooth is here.  Guys, this here.  Guys, this here.  Guys, this glass is so cute. glass is so cute. glass is so cute. She is wearing the bikini, man.  The She is wearing the bikini, man.  The She is wearing the bikini, man.  The glasses here are also so obscene.  Is a glasses here are also so obscene.  Is a glasses here are also so obscene.  Is a camera. camera. camera. Can you turn Can you turn Can you turn the other side the the other side the the other side the other side. other side. other side. Oh yes.  It moves automatically like you can Oh yes.  It moves automatically like you can Oh yes.  It moves automatically like you can turn like this.  And or I Wish It Could Call It turn like this.  And or I Wish It Could Call It turn like this.  And or I Wish It Could Call It But It's Only a Camera.  Like you can just But It's Only a Camera.  Like you can just But It's Only a Camera.  Like you can just talk and record.  [laughter] talk and record.  [laughter] talk and record.  [laughter] You're kid, where are you from? You're kid, where are you from? You're kid, where are you from? South Korea. South Korea. South Korea. I live in South India These flowers, hair clips, these These flowers, hair clips, these These flowers, hair clips, these are very popular in India, I are very popular in India, I are very popular in India, I want this bracelet to match my outfit, guys, want this bracelet to match my outfit, guys, want this bracelet to match my outfit, guys, I have also got this one I have also got this one I have also got this one which moves like this.  This is the typical which moves like this.  This is the typical which moves like this.  This is the typical dance here.  [MUSIC] Dress like this and dance here.  [MUSIC] Dress like this and dance here.  [MUSIC] Dress like this and dance like this.  Dono Trump dance like this.  Dono Trump dance like this.  Dono Trump I think this bracelet looks better than I think this bracelet looks better than I think this bracelet looks better than this one.  But it this one.  But it this one.  But it is very expensive.  This is very expensive.  This is very expensive.  This also gets me this for the collection for my fridge.  Cute also gets me this for the collection for my fridge.  Cute also gets me this for the collection for my fridge.  Cute isn't it?  Whenever I go somewhere, isn't it?  Whenever I go somewhere, isn't it?  Whenever I go somewhere, I always bring the magnets for the fridge I always bring the magnets for the fridge I always bring the magnets for the fridge and put them on my fridge. and put them on my fridge. and put them on my fridge. I I I also need earrings for my outfit.  These are the Denkel ones and also need earrings for my outfit.  These are the Denkel ones and also need earrings for my outfit.  These are the Denkel ones and these ones are just like that, I ca these ones are just like that, I ca these ones are just like that, I ca n't understand which one looks good n't understand which one looks good n't understand which one looks good that one is very small so I buy these small ones [music] I that one is very small so I buy these small ones [music] I that one is very small so I buy these small ones [music] I only buy these things because there are only buy these things because there are only buy these things because there are many other stores nearby so I will many other stores nearby so I will many other stores nearby so I will check them out too check them out too check them out too so much she so sweet.  [Music] He asked if I had a she so sweet.  [Music] He asked if I had a she so sweet.  [Music] He asked if I had a husband or not, if I was married or not? husband or not, if I was married or not? husband or not, if I was married or not? Dude, I am wearing such a thick ring. Dude, I am wearing such a thick ring. Dude, I am wearing such a thick ring. All these people think that I am married All these people think that I am married All these people think that I am married but I am not.  Dude, can't a girl buy a diamond with her own money but I am not.  Dude, can't a girl buy a diamond with her own money but I am not.  Dude, can't a girl buy a diamond with her own money ?  Now I am ?  Now I am ?  Now I am tired of telling people that I am tired of telling people that I am tired of telling people that I am alone, guys.  Guys here at Open alone, guys.  Guys here at Open alone, guys.  Guys here at Open Market.  So there are a lot of Market.  So there are a lot of Market.  So there are a lot of cool things available here too.  So let's cool things available here too.  So let's cool things available here too.  So let's take some small gift from here also.  Guys this take some small gift from here also.  Guys this take some small gift from here also.  Guys this doll is making $4 here.  That doll is making $4 here.  That doll is making $4 here.  That first Korean aunty gave me $4 extra, first Korean aunty gave me $4 extra, first Korean aunty gave me $4 extra, meaning the price was printed there. meaning the price was printed there. meaning the price was printed there. Is there a real one? Is there a real one? Is there a real one? Or We Are Three. Or We Are Three. Or We Are Three. Oh!  So I got this one fresh guys it's cute is Oh!  So I got this one fresh guys it's cute is Oh!  So I got this one fresh guys it's cute is n't it I needed something white for my white outfit n't it I needed something white for my white outfit n't it I needed something white for my white outfit where are you from where are you from where are you from Korea yes [laughs] Korea yes [laughs] Korea yes [laughs] I live in Korea I live in Korea I live in Korea this one is also from Anti Korea this one is also from Anti Korea this one is also from Anti Korea okay guys I told them that I am from Korea I told them that I am from Korea I told them that I am from Korea so they so they so they gave me a bracelet for free.  Guys, here you can get that gave me a bracelet for free.  Guys, here you can get that gave me a bracelet for free.  Guys, here you can get that Hawaiian t-shirt for dogs.   It's Hawaiian t-shirt for dogs.   It's Hawaiian t-shirt for dogs.   It's $25.  Mangomo is more expensive.  We don't have $25.  Mangomo is more expensive.  We don't have $25.  Mangomo is more expensive.  We don't have that much money.  Sorry Mango.  We're that much money.  Sorry Mango.  We're that much money.  Sorry Mango.  We're not so rich that I can afford to dress you in a $25 not so rich that I can afford to dress you in a $25 not so rich that I can afford to dress you in a $25 t-shirt that I can get online for $5. t-shirt that I can get online for $5. t-shirt that I can get online for $5. In the Doors Guys, this one's a Tesla robot. Guys, this one's a Tesla robot. Guys, this one's a Tesla robot. Meetic [music] Meetic [music] Meetic [music] Skin Skin Skin Guys the water is so clear here.  Oh my Guys the water is so clear here.  Oh my Guys the water is so clear here.  Oh my God. God. God. You can sit there in the sun if you want, You can sit there in the sun if you want, You can sit there in the sun if you want, or you can sleep under the shade of this big tree or you can sleep under the shade of this big tree or you can sleep under the shade of this big tree like [music] where some people are sleeping here. like [music] where some people are sleeping here. like [music] where some people are sleeping here. O S O S O S De De De I G Room Let's go to this cafe called to this cafe called to this cafe called Goofy. This is a very healthy ball avocado cell This is a very healthy ball avocado cell This is a very healthy ball avocado cell spinner spinner spinner Man, America is very expensive.  You have to Man, America is very expensive.  You have to Man, America is very expensive.  You have to give a tip here.  Guys I am back to give a tip here.  Guys I am back to give a tip here.  Guys I am back to my hotel and now I am getting ready to go back to the airport Korea. my hotel and now I am getting ready to go back to the airport Korea. my hotel and now I am getting ready to go back to the airport Korea. Guys, Guys, Guys, I'm really tanned after coming here I'm really tanned after coming here I'm really tanned after coming here but I feel good.  So let me tell you one but I feel good.  So let me tell you one but I feel good.  So let me tell you one good thing about the American people.  So good thing about the American people.  So good thing about the American people.  So basically, American people don't like you if you are too fair. basically, American people don't like you if you are too fair. basically, American people don't like you if you are too fair. They They They say that your say that your say that your colour is like that of a dead body and on the contrary, when they tan, they get a colour is like that of a dead body and on the contrary, when they tan, they get a colour is like that of a dead body and on the contrary, when they tan, they get a little brown golden skin and little brown golden skin and little brown golden skin and they like that more. they like that more. they like that more. That is why they keep themselves outside in the sun all day long, That is why they keep themselves outside in the sun all day long, That is why they keep themselves outside in the sun all day long, but but but in Korea and I think in India too, the fair complexion, the in Korea and I think in India too, the fair complexion, the in Korea and I think in India too, the fair complexion, the clear complexion, is clear complexion, is clear complexion, is considered more beautiful.  I always considered more beautiful.  I always use this small sponge.  Finger Sponge Technically this one is use this small sponge.  Finger Sponge Technically this one is use this small sponge.  Finger Sponge Technically this one is its sponge but much bigger.  Let me its sponge but much bigger.  Let me its sponge but much bigger.  Let me tell you another interesting thing, there are tell you another interesting thing, there are tell you another interesting thing, there are many Korean people here who have come to visit. many Korean people here who have come to visit. many Korean people here who have come to visit. And the Korean people here, And the Korean people here, And the Korean people here, they wear totally long sleeves they wear totally long sleeves they wear totally long sleeves and long pants when they go to the sea so that and long pants when they go to the sea so that and long pants when they go to the sea so that they do not get black. they do not get black. they do not get black. That's the sad reality.  Will That's the sad reality.  Will That's the sad reality.  Will not apply lipstick or mascara.  I will only apply eyeliner. not apply lipstick or mascara.  I will only apply eyeliner. not apply lipstick or mascara.  I will only apply eyeliner. [MUSIC] I always forget something [MUSIC] I always forget something [MUSIC] I always forget something whenever I leave the hotel.  And it is whenever I leave the hotel.  And it is whenever I leave the hotel.  And it is not that some small thing happened.  That means not that some small thing happened.  That means I forget all the things like jewellery, gold, silver, diamonds etc.  So this time I I forget all the things like jewellery, gold, silver, diamonds etc.  So this time I I forget all the things like jewellery, gold, silver, diamonds etc.  So this time I want to check a little better. want to check a little better. want to check a little better. On my last white trip, I lost my fear On my last white trip, I lost my fear On my last white trip, I lost my fear bracelet.  Which bracelet.  Which bracelet.  Which I bought for a literal trip.  And I bought for a literal trip.  And I bought for a literal trip.  And guys I'm ready now and let's check guys I'm ready now and let's check guys I'm ready now and let's check out. I can do it.  Good Good Dole Sholay Come Guys I have reached the airport.  I have got my luggage packed I have reached the airport.  I have got my luggage packed I have reached the airport.  I have got my luggage packed and now let's go to the lawn. and now let's go to the lawn. and now let's go to the lawn. Come back after eating yummy food.  By the guys, do Come back after eating yummy food.  By the guys, do tell me in the comments how my today's outfit looks. Ma Guys, this bathroom is really cool. Guys, this bathroom is really cool. Guys, this bathroom is really cool. Here you will get the pads for free. Here you will get the pads for free. Here you will get the pads for free. So here it is.  Friend, So here it is.  Friend, So here it is.  Friend, why is it not coming out?  So here it is.  Right now why is it not coming out?  So here it is.  Right now why is it not coming out?  So here it is.  Right now I'm going to eat lots of yummy food and I'm going to eat lots of yummy food and I'm going to eat lots of yummy food and sleep [music] and you'll see me sleep [music] and you'll see me sleep [music] and you'll see me directly in Korea.  See You directly in Korea.  See You directly in Korea.  See You In Korea Guys.  Bye. In Korea Guys.  Bye. In Korea Guys.  Bye. I got this bag in the first class I got this bag in the first class I got this bag in the first class and inside it is a toy. Tissue paper ice and cute slippers have also been Tissue paper ice and cute slippers have also been Tissue paper ice and cute slippers have also been found. found. found. Nika Nika Nika De [music] Sam [soundbite of song] I'm home but look how much I'm home but look how much I'm home but look how much packaging has come in front of my house.  I packaging has come in front of my house.  I packaging has come in front of my house.  I put all this stuff inside.  And that's all Gaius put all this stuff inside.  And that's all Gaius put all this stuff inside.  And that's all Gaius came for today.  Hope you came for today.  Hope you came for today.  Hope you liked today's weird vlog too.  I am liked today's weird vlog too.  I am liked today's weird vlog too.  I am so tired.  I can't tell you. so tired.  I can't tell you. so tired.  I can't tell you. My eyes are burning.  I am so My eyes are burning.  I am so My eyes are burning.  I am so tired but it doesn't matter.  I tired but it doesn't matter.  I tired but it doesn't matter.  I hope you liked today's vlog, so please hope you liked today's vlog, so please hope you liked today's vlog, so please tell us your favorite part in the comments. tell us your favorite part in the comments. tell us your favorite part in the comments. And like I'm next video the the the or some business yeah.  I am doing some business there. or some business yeah.  I am doing some business there. or some business yeah.  I am doing some business there. I have some coins let me say ok guys I am scared that a pigeon might say ok guys I am scared that a pigeon might say ok guys I am scared that a pigeon might suddenly eat my food guys the boys are suddenly eat my food guys the boys are suddenly eat my food guys the boys are crazy about me even the pigeons crazy about me even the pigeons crazy about me even the pigeons turned out to be crazy about me turned out to be crazy about me turned out to be crazy about me Shanti.