So today I'm going to give a little
review on these Daily FW inks. They're
acrylic inks and they are water
resistant when dry. They come in 29.5 mm
bottles and they're really nice bottles
actually. They've got a little dropper
here and it's a glass pipette inside and
that's really lovely. So, you can use it
to apply the inks directly to the page
with the dropper or into a palette for
mixing or you can put the dropper part
to one side and just dip your brush in.
So, this little review is from a
beginner's perspective because I've
never used these before. Um, sometimes
when you watch someone that's really
comfortable [music] and experienced, you
don't always see the pitfalls.
So, I do hope that some of this video
will be useful to you and also help you
decide if you want to invest in some
yourself. [music] Now, they cost about
£6.80 a bottle. You can buy them in
larger sets, which probably gives you a
bit of a discount. I spent about £30,
well over £30 on my five bottles of ink.
I got two of their standard ones in dark
green and purple lake. And then I picked
up three of the pearlescent ones as
well. So, my first impressions of these
Daroni inks, well, they felt a lot
thicker than the traditional Windsor and
Newton drawing inks that I'm used to
using. And my first experiments using
them, I tried to do the ink diffusion
technique. Now, all you need to do with
this is wet your page and put a few
little drops of ink on and the ink
diffuses out into the water a little bit
like watercolor and [music] it gives
really lovely results.
So, I tried this with various different
amounts of water on the page, and the
ink really didn't spread out at all. It
[music] kind of just gave me a bullet
shape. And I just used it directly from
the bottle. And I tried to manipulate
[music] it with more water, but I just
got paper buckle in. And yeah, I really
wasn't very happy with it.
I really wasn't enjoying them at all.
These are a lot thicker than traditional
inks. When [music] you brush them along
the page, they really just kind of the
darker bits just stay together. And
yeah, I just I really just wasn't
getting the flow of these. They're just
a lot thicker. They're not like water. I
would say they're more like um the
consistency of thin gravy.
Yeah, a thin gravy really. Not a watery
gravy, but not a stodgy thick gravy.
Feeling a bit disillusioned with these
inks. I tried using them in a
splattering technique and again I just
felt the colors were really too dark.
So then I tried using them on my
Zenangle drawings and I just used them
straight from the bottle and I found it
really difficult to spread it out. I
wasn't getting any real solid color. But
you know, maybe these inks just aren't
meant for solid color [music] and aren't
really intended for the sort of work
that I do.
It took me a lot of brushing and
rebrushing to get an effect to what I
was hoping for, but it took so much
work.
I think I said they were like gravy just
now, but I'm thinking now that maybe
they're a bit more like a runny honey.
So, it is quite easy to control where
the ink is going using your brush, but I
just don't like the fact that I wasn't
getting um I was just getting an ugly
color, an ugly mess of color.
So, as you can see on this drawing, my
leaves are very different shades of
green depending on how much ink I was
applying. And I did try more ink in an
attempt to get a more consistent color,
but it just it was just too dark.
So eventually I diluted these with some
water and I added a few drops from a
pipette. And what I found was when
they're diluted, they're a lot more like
using a regular drawing [music] ink or a
watercolor paint.
I was very much getting a watercolor
effect, that's for sure.
And I very much prefer using these
colors diluted. [music]
It applies like watercolor paint. And
you know, by adding more ink, you can
darken the areas. It's [music] a nicer
effect than watercolor paint, but it
just wasn't the effect that I was hoping
for.
So yeah, overall, as much as I really
wanted to love these Daari inks, I just
haven't got on with them except the
plescent inks. I love the pearlescent
inks. I've used them directly onto the
paper
and they have such a delicate little
shimmer. The pearlescent inks are just
absolutely beautiful. [music] And you
can also dilute them with water as well.
That worked very well too
if you're using them neat over large
areas. I did find that the purple one
wasn't as great. It was getting quite
patchy and uneven in areas. And I wasn't
getting that with the blue one.
So, I looked up some tutorials on how to
use this ink, and I didn't find an awful
lot. It looks like a lot of people use
them for very fluid, like sketchy, urban
sketching style drawing. That's not me
at all. That might be why I didn't get
on with them, but I do like having some
messy time. So, you know, I was really
hoping that I could [music] find a good
use for these inks by having a bit of
messy time. So I have played around
using these inks with isopropanol.
I have also tried using these inks using
a spray bottle of water.
I've tried these Darani inks on a
variety of different papers as well.
I've tried them on cartridge paper. I've
tried them on watercolor paper and I've
tried them on mixed media paper.
Hasn't really made any difference to my
[music] results.
I have had a bit of fun with the mopping
up bits of tissue paper though.
They've been great fun. And at some
point when I've finished the actual
drawings, I will put those together as
some art practice videos to put up on a
Sunday
just for a bit of [music] fun just
because they were just so much fun to
do.
But I don't think I'll be buying any
more of these standard set colors.
I've done a lot of experiments [music]
with the green and a fair few with the
purple, the readyy purple one as well.
and I've got loads and loads left. So,
economically, I think they're very good
value for money.
But maybe if you are a very good
watercolor artist or you're very good
with your free flowing beautiful [music]
just going to brush a few lines down on
the page and you've managed to create a
beautiful picture type person, then
these might work very well for you. But
yeah, I think for me neat they are too
dark for me. They're just they for my
drawings I like to have very very
vibrant colors and these just although
they're vibrant
they're too thick, they're too dark and
I can't seem to get [music] the right
consistency for what I want them to do.
So if you're an expert with these Darani
FW inks, I'd love to hear from you. I'd
love to know if there's a better way to
use them or if there's any other
different techniques that I can try.
The pearlescent inks I love. I love
them. I love them very much. The purple
is my least favorite only because it it
seems to give a bit of a tonal effect,
which the other two don't really do.
The gold one I haven't really used very
much, but it's [music] very, very
subtle. but it gives such a gentle
shimmer and I'm quite sure that you'll
see me using it on several pictures in
the future.
So, thank you for joining me. I hope
this has been a little bit useful. Um
yeah, and do let me know if you love
these and [music] um tell me why. Tell
me why because I I I must be missing
something.
