So today I'm going to give a little So today I'm going to give a little So today I'm going to give a little review on these Daily FW inks. They're review on these Daily FW inks. They're review on these Daily FW inks. They're acrylic inks and they are water acrylic inks and they are water acrylic inks and they are water resistant when dry. They come in 29.5 mm resistant when dry. They come in 29.5 mm resistant when dry. They come in 29.5 mm bottles and they're really nice bottles bottles and they're really nice bottles bottles and they're really nice bottles actually. They've got a little dropper actually. They've got a little dropper actually. They've got a little dropper here and it's a glass pipette inside and here and it's a glass pipette inside and here and it's a glass pipette inside and that's really lovely. So, you can use it that's really lovely. So, you can use it that's really lovely. So, you can use it to apply the inks directly to the page to apply the inks directly to the page to apply the inks directly to the page with the dropper or into a palette for with the dropper or into a palette for with the dropper or into a palette for mixing or you can put the dropper part mixing or you can put the dropper part mixing or you can put the dropper part to one side and just dip your brush in. to one side and just dip your brush in. to one side and just dip your brush in. So, this little review is from a So, this little review is from a So, this little review is from a beginner's perspective because I've beginner's perspective because I've beginner's perspective because I've never used these before. Um, sometimes never used these before. Um, sometimes never used these before. Um, sometimes when you watch someone that's really when you watch someone that's really when you watch someone that's really comfortable [music] and experienced, you comfortable [music] and experienced, you comfortable [music] and experienced, you don't always see the pitfalls. don't always see the pitfalls. don't always see the pitfalls. So, I do hope that some of this video So, I do hope that some of this video So, I do hope that some of this video will be useful to you and also help you will be useful to you and also help you will be useful to you and also help you decide if you want to invest in some decide if you want to invest in some decide if you want to invest in some yourself. [music] Now, they cost about yourself. [music] Now, they cost about yourself. [music] Now, they cost about £6.80 a bottle. You can buy them in £6.80 a bottle. You can buy them in £6.80 a bottle. You can buy them in larger sets, which probably gives you a larger sets, which probably gives you a larger sets, which probably gives you a bit of a discount. I spent about £30, bit of a discount. I spent about £30, bit of a discount. I spent about £30, well over £30 on my five bottles of ink. well over £30 on my five bottles of ink. well over £30 on my five bottles of ink. I got two of their standard ones in dark I got two of their standard ones in dark I got two of their standard ones in dark green and purple lake. And then I picked green and purple lake. And then I picked green and purple lake. And then I picked up three of the pearlescent ones as up three of the pearlescent ones as up three of the pearlescent ones as well. So, my first impressions of these well. So, my first impressions of these well. So, my first impressions of these Daroni inks, well, they felt a lot Daroni inks, well, they felt a lot Daroni inks, well, they felt a lot thicker than the traditional Windsor and thicker than the traditional Windsor and thicker than the traditional Windsor and Newton drawing inks that I'm used to Newton drawing inks that I'm used to Newton drawing inks that I'm used to using. And my first experiments using using. And my first experiments using using. And my first experiments using them, I tried to do the ink diffusion them, I tried to do the ink diffusion them, I tried to do the ink diffusion technique. Now, all you need to do with technique. Now, all you need to do with technique. Now, all you need to do with this is wet your page and put a few this is wet your page and put a few this is wet your page and put a few little drops of ink on and the ink little drops of ink on and the ink little drops of ink on and the ink diffuses out into the water a little bit diffuses out into the water a little bit diffuses out into the water a little bit like watercolor and [music] it gives like watercolor and [music] it gives like watercolor and [music] it gives really lovely results. really lovely results. really lovely results. So, I tried this with various different So, I tried this with various different So, I tried this with various different amounts of water on the page, and the amounts of water on the page, and the amounts of water on the page, and the ink really didn't spread out at all. It ink really didn't spread out at all. It ink really didn't spread out at all. It [music] kind of just gave me a bullet [music] kind of just gave me a bullet [music] kind of just gave me a bullet shape. And I just used it directly from shape. And I just used it directly from shape. And I just used it directly from the bottle. And I tried to manipulate the bottle. And I tried to manipulate the bottle. And I tried to manipulate [music] it with more water, but I just [music] it with more water, but I just [music] it with more water, but I just got paper buckle in. And yeah, I really got paper buckle in. And yeah, I really got paper buckle in. And yeah, I really wasn't very happy with it. I really wasn't enjoying them at all. I really wasn't enjoying them at all. I really wasn't enjoying them at all. These are a lot thicker than traditional These are a lot thicker than traditional These are a lot thicker than traditional inks. When [music] you brush them along inks. When [music] you brush them along inks. When [music] you brush them along the page, they really just kind of the the page, they really just kind of the the page, they really just kind of the darker bits just stay together. And darker bits just stay together. And darker bits just stay together. And yeah, I just I really just wasn't yeah, I just I really just wasn't yeah, I just I really just wasn't getting the flow of these. They're just getting the flow of these. They're just getting the flow of these. They're just a lot thicker. They're not like water. I a lot thicker. They're not like water. I a lot thicker. They're not like water. I would say they're more like um the would say they're more like um the would say they're more like um the consistency of thin gravy. consistency of thin gravy. consistency of thin gravy. Yeah, a thin gravy really. Not a watery Yeah, a thin gravy really. Not a watery Yeah, a thin gravy really. Not a watery gravy, but not a stodgy thick gravy. gravy, but not a stodgy thick gravy. gravy, but not a stodgy thick gravy. Feeling a bit disillusioned with these Feeling a bit disillusioned with these Feeling a bit disillusioned with these inks. I tried using them in a inks. I tried using them in a inks. I tried using them in a splattering technique and again I just splattering technique and again I just splattering technique and again I just felt the colors were really too dark. So then I tried using them on my So then I tried using them on my So then I tried using them on my Zenangle drawings and I just used them Zenangle drawings and I just used them Zenangle drawings and I just used them straight from the bottle and I found it straight from the bottle and I found it straight from the bottle and I found it really difficult to spread it out. I really difficult to spread it out. I really difficult to spread it out. I wasn't getting any real solid color. But wasn't getting any real solid color. But wasn't getting any real solid color. But you know, maybe these inks just aren't you know, maybe these inks just aren't you know, maybe these inks just aren't meant for solid color [music] and aren't meant for solid color [music] and aren't meant for solid color [music] and aren't really intended for the sort of work really intended for the sort of work really intended for the sort of work that I do. It took me a lot of brushing and It took me a lot of brushing and It took me a lot of brushing and rebrushing to get an effect to what I rebrushing to get an effect to what I rebrushing to get an effect to what I was hoping for, but it took so much was hoping for, but it took so much was hoping for, but it took so much work. I think I said they were like gravy just I think I said they were like gravy just I think I said they were like gravy just now, but I'm thinking now that maybe now, but I'm thinking now that maybe now, but I'm thinking now that maybe they're a bit more like a runny honey. So, it is quite easy to control where So, it is quite easy to control where So, it is quite easy to control where the ink is going using your brush, but I the ink is going using your brush, but I the ink is going using your brush, but I just don't like the fact that I wasn't just don't like the fact that I wasn't just don't like the fact that I wasn't getting um I was just getting an ugly getting um I was just getting an ugly getting um I was just getting an ugly color, an ugly mess of color. So, as you can see on this drawing, my So, as you can see on this drawing, my So, as you can see on this drawing, my leaves are very different shades of leaves are very different shades of leaves are very different shades of green depending on how much ink I was green depending on how much ink I was green depending on how much ink I was applying. And I did try more ink in an applying. And I did try more ink in an applying. And I did try more ink in an attempt to get a more consistent color, attempt to get a more consistent color, attempt to get a more consistent color, but it just it was just too dark. So eventually I diluted these with some So eventually I diluted these with some So eventually I diluted these with some water and I added a few drops from a water and I added a few drops from a water and I added a few drops from a pipette. And what I found was when pipette. And what I found was when pipette. And what I found was when they're diluted, they're a lot more like they're diluted, they're a lot more like they're diluted, they're a lot more like using a regular drawing [music] ink or a using a regular drawing [music] ink or a using a regular drawing [music] ink or a watercolor paint. I was very much getting a watercolor I was very much getting a watercolor I was very much getting a watercolor effect, that's for sure. effect, that's for sure. effect, that's for sure. And I very much prefer using these And I very much prefer using these And I very much prefer using these colors diluted. [music] colors diluted. [music] colors diluted. [music] It applies like watercolor paint. And It applies like watercolor paint. And It applies like watercolor paint. And you know, by adding more ink, you can you know, by adding more ink, you can you know, by adding more ink, you can darken the areas. It's [music] a nicer darken the areas. It's [music] a nicer darken the areas. It's [music] a nicer effect than watercolor paint, but it effect than watercolor paint, but it effect than watercolor paint, but it just wasn't the effect that I was hoping just wasn't the effect that I was hoping just wasn't the effect that I was hoping for. So yeah, overall, as much as I really So yeah, overall, as much as I really So yeah, overall, as much as I really wanted to love these Daari inks, I just wanted to love these Daari inks, I just wanted to love these Daari inks, I just haven't got on with them except the haven't got on with them except the haven't got on with them except the plescent inks. I love the pearlescent plescent inks. I love the pearlescent plescent inks. I love the pearlescent inks. I've used them directly onto the inks. I've used them directly onto the inks. I've used them directly onto the paper and they have such a delicate little and they have such a delicate little and they have such a delicate little shimmer. The pearlescent inks are just shimmer. The pearlescent inks are just shimmer. The pearlescent inks are just absolutely beautiful. [music] And you absolutely beautiful. [music] And you absolutely beautiful. [music] And you can also dilute them with water as well. can also dilute them with water as well. can also dilute them with water as well. That worked very well too That worked very well too That worked very well too if you're using them neat over large if you're using them neat over large if you're using them neat over large areas. I did find that the purple one areas. I did find that the purple one areas. I did find that the purple one wasn't as great. It was getting quite wasn't as great. It was getting quite wasn't as great. It was getting quite patchy and uneven in areas. And I wasn't patchy and uneven in areas. And I wasn't patchy and uneven in areas. And I wasn't getting that with the blue one. So, I looked up some tutorials on how to So, I looked up some tutorials on how to So, I looked up some tutorials on how to use this ink, and I didn't find an awful use this ink, and I didn't find an awful use this ink, and I didn't find an awful lot. It looks like a lot of people use lot. It looks like a lot of people use lot. It looks like a lot of people use them for very fluid, like sketchy, urban them for very fluid, like sketchy, urban them for very fluid, like sketchy, urban sketching style drawing. That's not me sketching style drawing. That's not me sketching style drawing. That's not me at all. That might be why I didn't get at all. That might be why I didn't get at all. That might be why I didn't get on with them, but I do like having some on with them, but I do like having some on with them, but I do like having some messy time. So, you know, I was really messy time. So, you know, I was really messy time. So, you know, I was really hoping that I could [music] find a good hoping that I could [music] find a good hoping that I could [music] find a good use for these inks by having a bit of use for these inks by having a bit of use for these inks by having a bit of messy time. So I have played around messy time. So I have played around messy time. So I have played around using these inks with isopropanol. using these inks with isopropanol. using these inks with isopropanol. I have also tried using these inks using I have also tried using these inks using I have also tried using these inks using a spray bottle of water. I've tried these Darani inks on a I've tried these Darani inks on a I've tried these Darani inks on a variety of different papers as well. variety of different papers as well. variety of different papers as well. I've tried them on cartridge paper. I've I've tried them on cartridge paper. I've I've tried them on cartridge paper. I've tried them on watercolor paper and I've tried them on watercolor paper and I've tried them on watercolor paper and I've tried them on mixed media paper. Hasn't really made any difference to my Hasn't really made any difference to my Hasn't really made any difference to my [music] results. I have had a bit of fun with the mopping I have had a bit of fun with the mopping I have had a bit of fun with the mopping up bits of tissue paper though. up bits of tissue paper though. up bits of tissue paper though. They've been great fun. And at some They've been great fun. And at some They've been great fun. And at some point when I've finished the actual point when I've finished the actual point when I've finished the actual drawings, I will put those together as drawings, I will put those together as drawings, I will put those together as some art practice videos to put up on a some art practice videos to put up on a some art practice videos to put up on a Sunday Sunday Sunday just for a bit of [music] fun just just for a bit of [music] fun just just for a bit of [music] fun just because they were just so much fun to because they were just so much fun to because they were just so much fun to do. But I don't think I'll be buying any But I don't think I'll be buying any But I don't think I'll be buying any more of these standard set colors. more of these standard set colors. more of these standard set colors. I've done a lot of experiments [music] I've done a lot of experiments [music] I've done a lot of experiments [music] with the green and a fair few with the with the green and a fair few with the with the green and a fair few with the purple, the readyy purple one as well. purple, the readyy purple one as well. purple, the readyy purple one as well. and I've got loads and loads left. So, and I've got loads and loads left. So, and I've got loads and loads left. So, economically, I think they're very good economically, I think they're very good economically, I think they're very good value for money. But maybe if you are a very good But maybe if you are a very good But maybe if you are a very good watercolor artist or you're very good watercolor artist or you're very good watercolor artist or you're very good with your free flowing beautiful [music] with your free flowing beautiful [music] with your free flowing beautiful [music] just going to brush a few lines down on just going to brush a few lines down on just going to brush a few lines down on the page and you've managed to create a the page and you've managed to create a the page and you've managed to create a beautiful picture type person, then beautiful picture type person, then beautiful picture type person, then these might work very well for you. But these might work very well for you. But these might work very well for you. But yeah, I think for me neat they are too yeah, I think for me neat they are too yeah, I think for me neat they are too dark for me. They're just they for my dark for me. They're just they for my dark for me. They're just they for my drawings I like to have very very drawings I like to have very very drawings I like to have very very vibrant colors and these just although vibrant colors and these just although vibrant colors and these just although they're vibrant they're vibrant they're vibrant they're too thick, they're too dark and they're too thick, they're too dark and they're too thick, they're too dark and I can't seem to get [music] the right I can't seem to get [music] the right I can't seem to get [music] the right consistency for what I want them to do. consistency for what I want them to do. consistency for what I want them to do. So if you're an expert with these Darani So if you're an expert with these Darani So if you're an expert with these Darani FW inks, I'd love to hear from you. I'd FW inks, I'd love to hear from you. I'd FW inks, I'd love to hear from you. I'd love to know if there's a better way to love to know if there's a better way to love to know if there's a better way to use them or if there's any other use them or if there's any other use them or if there's any other different techniques that I can try. The pearlescent inks I love. I love The pearlescent inks I love. I love The pearlescent inks I love. I love them. I love them very much. The purple them. I love them very much. The purple them. I love them very much. The purple is my least favorite only because it it is my least favorite only because it it is my least favorite only because it it seems to give a bit of a tonal effect, seems to give a bit of a tonal effect, seems to give a bit of a tonal effect, which the other two don't really do. The gold one I haven't really used very The gold one I haven't really used very The gold one I haven't really used very much, but it's [music] very, very much, but it's [music] very, very much, but it's [music] very, very subtle. but it gives such a gentle subtle. but it gives such a gentle subtle. but it gives such a gentle shimmer and I'm quite sure that you'll shimmer and I'm quite sure that you'll shimmer and I'm quite sure that you'll see me using it on several pictures in see me using it on several pictures in see me using it on several pictures in the future. the future. the future. So, thank you for joining me. I hope So, thank you for joining me. I hope So, thank you for joining me. I hope this has been a little bit useful. Um this has been a little bit useful. Um this has been a little bit useful. Um yeah, and do let me know if you love yeah, and do let me know if you love yeah, and do let me know if you love these and [music] um tell me why. Tell these and [music] um tell me why. Tell these and [music] um tell me why. Tell me why because I I I must be missing me why because I I I must be missing me why because I I I must be missing something.