Today we're talking about one of our Today we're talking about one of our Today we're talking about one of our favorite sleep tools, the Temper Erggo favorite sleep tools, the Temper Erggo favorite sleep tools, the Temper Erggo Pro Smart Power Base. Pro Smart Power Base. Pro Smart Power Base. >> The number one factor in the quality of >> The number one factor in the quality of >> The number one factor in the quality of your sleep is the quality of your your sleep is the quality of your your sleep is the quality of your routine. Go to bed at the same time, routine. Go to bed at the same time, routine. Go to bed at the same time, wake up at the same time. Keep your wake up at the same time. Keep your wake up at the same time. Keep your bedroom cool, 67° or below, and create a bedroom cool, 67° or below, and create a bedroom cool, 67° or below, and create a calming sleep sanctuary. calming sleep sanctuary. calming sleep sanctuary. >> When you first get into bed, raise your >> When you first get into bed, raise your >> When you first get into bed, raise your legs just a little bit. This relieves legs just a little bit. This relieves legs just a little bit. This relieves pressure on your lower back and hips and pressure on your lower back and hips and pressure on your lower back and hips and gets your circulation moving. gets your circulation moving. gets your circulation moving. >> Then elevate your head and back to >> Then elevate your head and back to >> Then elevate your head and back to breathe easier, reduce stress, and prep breathe easier, reduce stress, and prep breathe easier, reduce stress, and prep your body for sleep. You'll feel the your body for sleep. You'll feel the your body for sleep. You'll feel the difference right away. difference right away. difference right away. >> The Pro Smart Base takes all of that to >> The Pro Smart Base takes all of that to >> The Pro Smart Base takes all of that to the next level with these amazing the next level with these amazing the next level with these amazing features. Full range of ergonomic features. Full range of ergonomic features. Full range of ergonomic positions for head, feet, and everything positions for head, feet, and everything positions for head, feet, and everything in between. Plus a lumbar adjustment in between. Plus a lumbar adjustment in between. Plus a lumbar adjustment with an added lift in the lower back for with an added lift in the lower back for with an added lift in the lower back for those who need the extra spinal support. those who need the extra spinal support. those who need the extra spinal support. Waveform Massage is the very best Waveform Massage is the very best Waveform Massage is the very best vibration massage available today. It's vibration massage available today. It's vibration massage available today. It's powered by sound waves and is a relaxing powered by sound waves and is a relaxing powered by sound waves and is a relaxing experience that transmits comfort experience that transmits comfort experience that transmits comfort through the entire mattress. Snore through the entire mattress. Snore through the entire mattress. Snore Response detects snoring and Response detects snoring and Response detects snoring and automatically raises the head of the bed automatically raises the head of the bed automatically raises the head of the bed about 12° without waking either sleeper. about 12° without waking either sleeper. about 12° without waking either sleeper. Sleep coaching tracks your sleep Sleep coaching tracks your sleep Sleep coaching tracks your sleep patterns and gives you insights and patterns and gives you insights and patterns and gives you insights and routines to help improve your rest. And routines to help improve your rest. And routines to help improve your rest. And soundscape mode is a built-in audio soundscape mode is a built-in audio soundscape mode is a built-in audio system to play soothing nature sounds, system to play soothing nature sounds, system to play soothing nature sounds, white noise, or even your own playlist white noise, or even your own playlist white noise, or even your own playlist to help your body and mind wind down. to help your body and mind wind down. to help your body and mind wind down. >> This isn't just a fancy adjustable bed. >> This isn't just a fancy adjustable bed. >> This isn't just a fancy adjustable bed. It's a wellness machine. It's like It's a wellness machine. It's like It's a wellness machine. It's like having a chiropractor, yoga instructor, having a chiropractor, yoga instructor, having a chiropractor, yoga instructor, and sleep coach all built into your bed. and sleep coach all built into your bed. and sleep coach all built into your bed. >> Whether you're sleeping, recovering, >> Whether you're sleeping, recovering, >> Whether you're sleeping, recovering, watching TV, or reading, it really just watching TV, or reading, it really just watching TV, or reading, it really just makes the whole bedtime experience makes the whole bedtime experience makes the whole bedtime experience better. better. better. >> Find your best rest with ProSmart.