The lighting is totally The lighting is totally The lighting is totally rubbish. rubbish. rubbish. Yes, you just have to turn around. Yes, you just have to turn around. Yes, you just have to turn around. Yes, then just do it. Yes, then just do it. Yes, then just do it. You know, you always say you just have to You know, you always say you just have to You know, you always say you just have to , you just have to.  But , you just have to.  But , you just have to.  But you know, actions speak louder than words, you know, actions speak louder than words, you know, actions speak louder than words, and with that, hello.  Huh? and with that, hello.  Huh? and with that, hello.  Huh? Everything's included, right?  You cut Everything's included, right?  You cut Everything's included, right?  You cut it out.  I know you know it yourself. it out.  I know you know it yourself. it out.  I know you know it yourself. You don't have anyone. You don't have anyone. You don't have anyone. Hello.   Yes Hello.   Yes Hello.   Yes .  Hey, [laughter] we're in .  Hey, [laughter] we're in .  Hey, [laughter] we're in Portugal, the Portugal, the Portugal, the Portuguese, Portuguese, Portuguese, and and and [laughter] they could have done [laughter] they could have done [laughter] they could have done better.  What's going on here? better.  What's going on here? better.  What's going on here? Welcome to this new vlog.  I Welcome to this new vlog.  I Welcome to this new vlog.  I hope you are all well.  Jana hopes so hope you are all well.  Jana hopes so hope you are all well.  Jana hopes so too.  We are doing very well because we are too.  We are doing very well because we are too.  We are doing very well because we are in Portugal.  We're in Lagos, we're having lots of in Portugal.  We're in Lagos, we're having lots of in Portugal.  We're in Lagos, we're having lots of fun.  We have been here fun.  We have been here fun.  We have been here since yesterday since yesterday since yesterday and and and we are hungry, and therefore the we are hungry, and therefore the we are hungry, and therefore the hotel breakfast is not good enough. hotel breakfast is not good enough. hotel breakfast is not good enough. Oh my God, that's not true at all Oh my God, that's not true at all Oh my God, that's not true at all .  You say it as if I just .  You say it as if I just .  You say it as if I just want fun. want fun. want fun. I just don't feel like a I just don't feel like a I just don't feel like a normal hotel breakfast today; normal hotel breakfast today; normal hotel breakfast today; I want to have some fun in my stomach I want to have some fun in my stomach I want to have some fun in my stomach and eat an Asai Bowl. and eat an Asai Bowl. and eat an Asai Bowl. Are you Assai?   Yes Are you Assai?   Yes Are you Assai?   Yes .  Or an avocado toast outfit check, .  Or an avocado toast outfit check, .  Or an avocado toast outfit check, please.  Wow, that's such a terrible outfit. please.  Wow, that's such a terrible outfit. please.  Wow, that's such a terrible outfit. So, I'm wearing my water shoes, So, I'm wearing my water shoes, So, I'm wearing my water shoes, because you gotta be safe in the water.  Then because you gotta be safe in the water.  Then because you gotta be safe in the water.  Then my skirt panties from Berschka and this my skirt panties from Berschka and this my skirt panties from Berschka and this is an all-around top from Poland Bear, it is an all-around top from Poland Bear, it is an all-around top from Poland Bear, it 's dark blue.  We bought this bag 's dark blue.  We bought this bag 's dark blue.  We bought this bag for €4.50.  I think they're cool. for €4.50.  I think they're cool. for €4.50.  I think they're cool. Put my cap on. Put my cap on. Put my cap on. That's awesome. That's awesome. That's awesome. Because of my head, because it's Because of my head, because it's Because of my head, because it's already red. No, it's not red on you, but it is on already red. No, it's not red on you, but it is on already red. No, it's not red on you, but it is on me.  I only have me.  I only have me.  I only have sunburn on my back.  Simply from here.  Look, I sunburn on my back.  Simply from here.  Look, I sunburn on my back.  Simply from here.  Look, I have sunburn, and look at my new have sunburn, and look at my new have sunburn, and look at my new glasses! Because Jul wanted to buy jewelry, glasses! Because Jul wanted to buy jewelry, glasses! Because Jul wanted to buy jewelry, I spent €70. I spent €70. I spent €70. Yes, exactly.  It's my fault.  Look at Yes, exactly.  It's my fault.  Look at Yes, exactly.  It's my fault.  Look at my other one. my other one. my other one. Wait, wait.  No, it's about Wait, wait.  No, it's about Wait, wait.  No, it's about mine.  My other pair of glasses. mine.  My other pair of glasses. mine.  My other pair of glasses. You have to buy it. You have to buy it. You have to buy it. Yes, that needs to be checked. Yes, that needs to be checked. Yes, that needs to be checked. I must look a little like a I must look a little like a I must look a little like a fly.   Yes fly.   Yes fly.   Yes .  Oh my God. .  Oh my God. .  Oh my God. Ah, I think that's totally cool.  But I have Ah, I think that's totally cool.  But I have Ah, I think that's totally cool.  But I have n't worn them yet n't worn them yet n't worn them yet because I just think they're a whole lot cooler. because I just think they're a whole lot cooler. because I just think they're a whole lot cooler. But we're having a boot session today. But we're having a boot session today. But we're having a boot session today. Maybe I should wear that one, because it's more Maybe I should wear that one, because it's more Maybe I should wear that one, because it's more important to me afterwards.  A important to me afterwards.  A important to me afterwards.  A windstorm hits and she falls into the water, and windstorm hits and she falls into the water, and windstorm hits and she falls into the water, and nobody helps me get her.  You can nobody helps me get her.  You can nobody helps me get her.  You can jump in after it. jump in after it. jump in after it. Yes, I don't want to. Yes, I don't want to. Yes, I don't want to. These are Mafit trousers by Julia These are Mafit trousers by Julia These are Mafit trousers by Julia Motorx. Motorx. Motorx. Somehow, nobody ever seems to know about it.  I'm Somehow, nobody ever seems to know about it.  I'm Somehow, nobody ever seems to know about it.  I'm always the one being asked. always the one being asked. always the one being asked. I'm right, you're a Motorola. I'm right, you're a Motorola. I'm right, you're a Motorola. I discovered that at some point. I discovered that at some point. I discovered that at some point. But that's where those famous jeans come from But that's where those famous jeans come from But that's where those famous jeans come from , right? , right? , right? Yes, I don't know.  I'm always Yes, I don't know.  I'm always Yes, I don't know.  I'm always asked where my things are from.  Only asked where my things are from.  Only asked where my things are from.  Only if they are from Model Rock.  And if they are from Model Rock.  And if they are from Model Rock.  And then people always write to me: "Ha, then people always write to me: "Ha, then people always write to me: "Ha, I don't know that at all."  My T-shirt I don't know that at all."  My T-shirt I don't know that at all."  My T-shirt is from Brandy Melv.  I really have no idea what my bag is like is from Brandy Melv.  I really have no idea what my bag is like is from Brandy Melv.  I really have no idea what my bag is like .  Wait, where is she from?  It .  Wait, where is she from?  It .  Wait, where is she from?  It 's definitely from Zalando.  [ __ ], 's definitely from Zalando.  [ __ ], 's definitely from Zalando.  [ __ ], I really don't know. I really don't know. I really don't know. And my flip-flops are from Crocs.  My And my flip-flops are from Crocs.  My And my flip-flops are from Crocs.  My sunglasses are from some Ak brand sunglasses are from some Ak brand sunglasses are from some Ak brand . . . Ak bede, a Danish brand.  And Jul braided her hair Ak bede, a Danish brand.  And Jul braided her hair Ak bede, a Danish brand.  And Jul braided her hair into two little braids.  Yay! into two little braids.  Yay! into two little braids.  Yay! Here is our mobile.  for last day Here is our mobile.  for last day Here is our mobile.  for last day and today. and today. and today. True.  Drop Grandpa off tomorrow. True.  Drop Grandpa off tomorrow. True.  Drop Grandpa off tomorrow. No, I have to hand it in today.  Please No, I have to hand it in today.  Please No, I have to hand it in today.  Please hand it in tomorrow morning at 11 a.m.  It's always hand it in tomorrow morning at 11 a.m.  It's always hand it in tomorrow morning at 11 a.m.  It's always 24 hours.  Picked it up yesterday at 11.  It's 24 hours.  Picked it up yesterday at 11.  It's 24 hours.  Picked it up yesterday at 11.  It's day two. day two. day two. Oh, so this is my first time Oh, so this is my first time Oh, so this is my first time riding a scooter. riding a scooter. riding a scooter. Yes, Jana had simply never been Yes, Jana had simply never been Yes, Jana had simply never been on a scooter before in her life, so she sat on a scooter before in her life, so she sat on a scooter before in her life, so she sat on a scooter because we were on a scooter because we were on a scooter because we were never allowed to, and I heard that never allowed to, and I heard that never allowed to, and I heard that because it was dangerous. because it was dangerous. because it was dangerous. Hello, it's being portrayed to me as if Hello, it's being portrayed to me as if Hello, it's being portrayed to me as if I'm some kind of antisocial person who does I'm some kind of antisocial person who does I'm some kind of antisocial person who does n't listen to her parents, but I'm n't listen to her parents, but I'm n't listen to her parents, but I'm 27 and you're 18, my you.   Yes 27 and you're 18, my you.   Yes 27 and you're 18, my you.   Yes .  Hey, .  Hey, .  Hey, I don't mean that from now on.  Yes, I don't mean that from now on.  Yes, I don't mean that from now on.  Yes, but you spoke as if only but you spoke as if only but you spoke as if only you were being heard. you were being heard. you were being heard. You definitely rode a scooter before you were 18, You definitely rode a scooter before you were 18, You definitely rode a scooter before you were 18, I swear.  No, I swear.  No, I swear.  No, Fredi. Fredi. Fredi. Oh right.  Yes, but I was allowed to do that Oh right.  Yes, but I was allowed to do that Oh right.  Yes, but I was allowed to do that until her accident.  Then I was until her accident.  Then I was until her accident.  Then I was n't allowed to anymore. n't allowed to anymore. n't allowed to anymore. Yes, that's probably why I'm not allowed to, because of her Yes, that's probably why I'm not allowed to, because of her Yes, that's probably why I'm not allowed to, because of her . . . Yes, but I was Yes, but I was Yes, but I was never allowed to have one myself. never allowed to have one myself. never allowed to have one myself. Yes, that's what I wanted to say too, but this was Yes, that's what I wanted to say too, but this was Yes, that's what I wanted to say too, but this was really the first time I'd really the first time I'd really the first time I'd traveled alone in Thailand.  I was 18 then. traveled alone in Thailand.  I was 18 then. traveled alone in Thailand.  I was 18 then. No, not in Thailand.  We did No, not in Thailand.  We did No, not in Thailand.  We did n't go there.  That's n't go there.  That's n't go there.  That's okay too.   What okay too.   What okay too.   What was that?   Just was that?   Just was that?   Just wanted to annoy you for a little while. wanted to annoy you for a little while. wanted to annoy you for a little while. Now the journey begins. Everything looks so much nicer through Everything looks so much nicer through Everything looks so much nicer through my sunglasses.  Yeah, Diger, that's what I've my sunglasses.  Yeah, Diger, that's what I've my sunglasses.  Yeah, Diger, that's what I've said for the 15,000th time now. said for the 15,000th time now. said for the 15,000th time now. That's really crazy.  Every time That's really crazy.  Every time That's really crazy.  Every time we drive somewhere, I think we drive somewhere, I think we drive somewhere, I think I want to say, oh my God, Jana, I want to say, oh my God, Jana, I want to say, oh my God, Jana, look how beautiful.  And then I look look how beautiful.  And then I look look how beautiful.  And then I look outside of my sunglasses and then outside of my sunglasses and then outside of my sunglasses and then I realize, oh, it's still beautiful. I realize, oh, it's still beautiful. I realize, oh, it's still beautiful. Yes, of course.  But now mine is my Yes, of course.  But now mine is my Yes, of course.  But now mine is my sunglasses.  Now there's also sunglasses.  Now there's also sunglasses.  Now there's also a brown filter.   Ah a brown filter.   Ah a brown filter.   Ah yes.  Well then, I'll say it now. yes.  Well then, I'll say it now. yes.  Well then, I'll say it now. Awesome.  Stop. Awesome.  Stop. Awesome.  Stop. Ah, we have to go back.  I left the Ah, we have to go back.  I left the Ah, we have to go back.  I left the camera cap here. camera cap here. camera cap here. That's the shop.  And do you see anything?   There That's the shop.  And do you see anything?   There That's the shop.  And do you see anything?   There 's a queue in front of it.  But 's a queue in front of it.  But 's a queue in front of it.  But the queue isn't that long.  That the queue isn't that long.  That the queue isn't that long.  That 's five people.  We have now 's five people.  We have now 's five people.  We have now decided to decided to decided to go to a different one.  We were here yesterday for go to a different one.  We were here yesterday for go to a different one.  We were here yesterday for coffee and they also have a coffee shop. coffee and they also have a coffee shop. coffee and they also have a coffee shop. And do you think it's a snake?  Oh, I actually think that's really stupid And do you think it's a snake?  Oh, I actually think that's really stupid And do you think it's a snake?  Oh, I actually think that's really stupid , because there are , because there are , because there are snakes at both of them, but Julia wanted to be snakes at both of them, but Julia wanted to be snakes at both of them, but Julia wanted to be Julia now. Julia now. Julia now. That's much worse.  After waiting in line for 40 minutes, That's much worse.  After waiting in line for 40 minutes, That's much worse.  After waiting in line for 40 minutes, we finally made it and we finally made it and we finally made it and Julia is now eager to try on the skirt Julia is now eager to try on the skirt Julia is now eager to try on the skirt . . . Yes, because I didn't want to Yes, because I didn't want to Yes, because I didn't want to wait for everything.  Jana wanted the W for that reason. wait for everything.  Jana wanted the W for that reason. wait for everything.  Jana wanted the W for that reason. Hello. Hello. Hello. It's just as delicious as It's just as delicious as It's just as delicious as it looks, but you know exactly how it it looks, but you know exactly how it it looks, but you know exactly how it tastes.  Do you get it? tastes.  Do you get it? tastes.  Do you get it? Yes, I want one too.   It looks a bit more intense than it looks a bit more intense than it looks a bit more intense than it tastes.  Do you get it?  It tastes tastes.  Do you get it?  It tastes tastes.  Do you get it?  It tastes amazing, but it looks even more amazing amazing, but it looks even more amazing amazing, but it looks even more amazing .  It doesn't taste as flaky as .  It doesn't taste as flaky as .  It doesn't taste as flaky as it looks.  Yes, more like a it looks.  Yes, more like a it looks.  Yes, more like a milk roll.  Yes, so awesome. milk roll.  Yes, so awesome. milk roll.  Yes, so awesome. OK.  Food is here.  OMG. That was a mega successful That was a mega successful That was a mega successful breakfast sport.   It's breakfast sport.   It's breakfast sport.   It's 12:30 pm.  We actually wanted to 12:30 pm.  We actually wanted to 12:30 pm.  We actually wanted to leave at 12 o'clock, leave at 12 o'clock, leave at 12 o'clock, because how long do we have to go now?  40 because how long do we have to go now?  40 because how long do we have to go now?  40 minutes of scooter riding?  So, actually, 36 minutes minutes of scooter riding?  So, actually, 36 minutes minutes of scooter riding?  So, actually, 36 minutes by car.  But we have a by car.  But we have a by car.  But we have a scooter that only goes 50. scooter that only goes 50. scooter that only goes 50. Yeah, let's see, shall we? Yeah, let's see, shall we? Yeah, let's see, shall we? Yes, but we're coming, it says we'll arrive at Yes, but we're coming, it says we'll arrive at Yes, but we're coming, it says we'll arrive at 1:05 pm or so 1:05 pm or so 1:05 pm or so and the and the and the meeting point is at 1:20 pm.  No, 1:10 PM. meeting point is at 1:20 pm.  No, 1:10 PM. meeting point is at 1:20 pm.  No, 1:10 PM. Oh yes, my God.  Yeah, Oh yes, my God.  Yeah, Oh yes, my God.  Yeah, let's go, right? let's go, right? let's go, right? Guys, we're stranded.  [laughter] Guys, we're stranded.  [laughter] Guys, we're stranded.  [laughter] Verche, Verche, Verche, either he's out of tank, but either he's out of tank, but either he's out of tank, but it says it says it says full, but that can't be right full, but that can't be right full, but that can't be right , because we've already , because we've already , because we've already driven a really long way.  So it's currently empty, driven a really long way.  So it's currently empty, driven a really long way.  So it's currently empty, that's why it's standing empty, but that's why it's standing empty, but that's why it's standing empty, but yes.  Oh, I wasn't paying attention yes.  Oh, I wasn't paying attention yes.  Oh, I wasn't paying attention . . . Yeah, that's really awesome, because we're in the middle of, Yeah, that's really awesome, because we're in the middle of, Yeah, that's really awesome, because we're in the middle of, I don't know, where.   The I don't know, where.   The I don't know, where.   The tank is empty.  The scooter tank is empty.  The scooter tank is empty.  The scooter tricked us.  Yes, the scooter says it's still tricked us.  Yes, the scooter says it's still tricked us.  Yes, the scooter says it's still full.  I mean, I full.  I mean, I full.  I mean, I knew it wouldn't be full anymore knew it wouldn't be full anymore knew it wouldn't be full anymore , but normally with , but normally with , but normally with scooters like that, the fuel level scooters like that, the fuel level scooters like that, the fuel level drops rapidly at some point, but this one still drops rapidly at some point, but this one still drops rapidly at some point, but this one still says it's full, so it says it's full, so it says it's full, so it 's such a 's such a 's such a rip-off.  And now, um, the guy said rip-off.  And now, um, the guy said rip-off.  And now, um, the guy said no gas because he heard the sound. no gas because he heard the sound. no gas because he heard the sound. Yes, they're coming and bringing us a Yes, they're coming and bringing us a Yes, they're coming and bringing us a new bike, she said, or we'll new bike, she said, or we'll new bike, she said, or we'll get a new one, which makes me think, h, get a new one, which makes me think, h, get a new one, which makes me think, h, if only the tank is empty, if only the tank is empty, if only the tank is empty, just bring G with you.  But whatever.  Um, I'm just bring G with you.  But whatever.  Um, I'm just bring G with you.  But whatever.  Um, I'm just wondering if they're going to pick us up now just wondering if they're going to pick us up now just wondering if they're going to pick us up now , , , and then we have to drive back, and then we have to drive back, and then we have to drive back, or what the point of all this is. or what the point of all this is. or what the point of all this is. No, they're coming together now, two of them. No, they're coming together now, two of them. No, they're coming together now, two of them. No, wait a minute, that's right.  That makes absolutely No, wait a minute, that's right.  That makes absolutely No, wait a minute, that's right.  That makes absolutely no sense. no sense. no sense. That makes absolutely no sense.  Just give us some That makes absolutely no sense.  Just give us some That makes absolutely no sense.  Just give us some fresh gasoline. fresh gasoline. fresh gasoline. How are they supposed to get him out of here? How are they supposed to get him out of here? How are they supposed to get him out of here? Yes, exactly, that makes absolutely no sense. Yes, exactly, that makes absolutely no sense. Yes, exactly, that makes absolutely no sense. But he says it will take half an But he says it will take half an But he says it will take half an hour. hour. hour. No longer than half an hour. No longer than half an hour. No longer than half an hour. Yes, supposedly no longer than half an hour Yes, supposedly no longer than half an hour Yes, supposedly no longer than half an hour , but definitely half an hour, , but definitely half an hour, , but definitely half an hour, and it's 1 p.m. and and it's 1 p.m. and and it's 1 p.m. and our tour starts in half an hour.  So I our tour starts in half an hour.  So I our tour starts in half an hour.  So I guess we don't have to go, guess we don't have to go, guess we don't have to go, but can we? Can't you but can we? Can't you but can we? Can't you call the tour operator and say if we call the tour operator and say if we call the tour operator and say if we want to take the next one?  Guys, we were want to take the next one?  Guys, we were want to take the next one?  Guys, we were rescued and we're getting a role.  Yay!  I rescued and we're getting a role.  Yay!  I rescued and we're getting a role.  Yay!  I think we've been waiting for about 40 minutes now think we've been waiting for about 40 minutes now think we've been waiting for about 40 minutes now , right?   Yes , right?   Yes , right?   Yes .  Yes, longer, I think.  50. .  Yes, longer, I think.  50. .  Yes, longer, I think.  50. Hooray!  We've finally arrived Hooray!  We've finally arrived Hooray!  We've finally arrived in Portimao.  So far, I think it in Portimao.  So far, I think it in Portimao.  So far, I think it looks really strange here, looks really strange here, looks really strange here, but it can't actually be true.  I but it can't actually be true.  I but it can't actually be true.  I think I'm in the wrong place here. think I'm in the wrong place here. think I'm in the wrong place here. Yes, because it's actually a very well- Yes, because it's actually a very well- Yes, because it's actually a very well- known place, but we known place, but we known place, but we definitely have an awesome definitely have an awesome definitely have an awesome Christmas market now. Christmas market now. Christmas market now. Found a Christmas market supermarket.  We're going to get Found a Christmas market supermarket.  We're going to get Found a Christmas market supermarket.  We're going to get something to drink and a snack now. something to drink and a snack now. something to drink and a snack now. The tour lasts half an hour, starting 20 minutes The tour lasts half an hour, starting 20 minutes The tour lasts half an hour, starting 20 minutes before the start.  So, before the start.  So, before the start.  So, Fris Fr, that's great, Fris Fr, that's great, Fris Fr, that's great, but not the fruit I want. but not the fruit I want. but not the fruit I want. I would like a banana.  But they're I would like a banana.  But they're I would like a banana.  But they're all bright green. all bright green. all bright green. Should I eat them?  "Se jetzt wieder aus" (which is now Should I eat them?  "Se jetzt wieder aus" (which is now Should I eat them?  "Se jetzt wieder aus" (which is now out again) wasn't really as great as out again) wasn't really as great as out again) wasn't really as great as it looked from the outside. it looked from the outside. it looked from the outside. I'm not really sharing any of those I'm not really sharing any of those I'm not really sharing any of those , because I've already , because I've already , because I've already eaten them, because I know them from Faula, who eaten them, because I know them from Faula, who eaten them, because I know them from Faula, who is a Brazilian [ __ ]. is a Brazilian [ __ ]. is a Brazilian [ __ ]. Ah, I know those too. Ah, I know those too. Ah, I know those too. H, I ate those in LA during filming H, I ate those in LA during filming H, I ate those in LA during filming .  E, .  E, .  E, because they already have the Portuguese training because they already have the Portuguese training because they already have the Portuguese training controller. controller. controller. They ordered Portuguese there.  That They ordered Portuguese there.  That They ordered Portuguese there.  That makes sense, makes sense, makes sense, but it's more cheesy than I thought. but it's more cheesy than I thought. but it's more cheesy than I thought. Yeah, they're so awesome Yeah, they're so awesome Yeah, they're so awesome . . . They taste like they're just made of They taste like they're just made of They taste like they're just made of rubbery cheese. rubbery cheese. rubbery cheese. Yes, that's not it either. Yes, that's not it either. Yes, that's not it either. No, it does have dough, but No, it does have dough, but I don't think you can really eat more than half of it.  Have fun with your I don't think you can really eat more than half of it.  Have fun with your I don't think you can really eat more than half of it.  Have fun with your three.  Not me.  I got myself another three.  Not me.  I got myself another three.  Not me.  I got myself another banana. banana. banana. Yes, ice cream. Yes, ice cream. Yes, ice cream. Ice.  We still have Mixberry, Ice.  We still have Mixberry, Ice.  We still have Mixberry, water, and Pepsi, which I'm now water, and Pepsi, which I'm now water, and Pepsi, which I'm now taking out.  I just need to quickly take some trash with me taking out.  I just need to quickly take some trash with me taking out.  I just need to quickly take some trash with me .  Oh my god, I've spilled everything all over myself .  Oh my god, I've spilled everything all over myself .  Oh my god, I've spilled everything all over myself .  I'm .  I'm .  I'm completely full here too.  My hands are completely full here too.  My hands are completely full here too.  My hands are completely full.  My arm is completely full.  My arm is completely full.  My arm is completely full too. completely full too. completely full too. Yes, I'm full of chocolate.   Didn't Yes, I'm full of chocolate.   Didn't Yes, I'm full of chocolate.   Didn't you finish it at all? you finish it at all? you finish it at all? No, it was so tattered No, it was so tattered No, it was so tattered .  So, this one, I had an .  So, this one, I had an .  So, this one, I had an ice cream that was a sandwich ice cream. ice cream that was a sandwich ice cream. ice cream that was a sandwich ice cream. Oh my God, you can't take me Oh my God, you can't take me Oh my God, you can't take me seriously.  Oh, wait a minute.  Is that seriously.  Oh, wait a minute.  Is that seriously.  Oh, wait a minute.  Is that a pimple or is it chocolate?  Pimple. a pimple or is it chocolate?  Pimple. a pimple or is it chocolate?  Pimple. Oh right.  Well then.  It was a Oh right.  Well then.  It was a Oh right.  Well then.  It was a sandwich cheese, and the waffle part of it sandwich cheese, and the waffle part of it sandwich cheese, and the waffle part of it was so soggy and was so soggy and was so soggy and disgusting.  I think this ice cream was old. disgusting.  I think this ice cream was old. disgusting.  I think this ice cream was old. Could Could Could from the little from the little from the little boy, it tastes just the same. Wow. Wow. Wow. Just a little bit of, uh, K went off. Just a little bit of, uh, K went off. Just a little bit of, uh, K went off. Oh Oh Oh yes.  No, I have a hair in my yes.  No, I have a hair in my yes.  No, I have a hair in my armpit. armpit. armpit. We are We are We are not alone.  So funny.  There are so not alone.  So funny.  There are so not alone.  So funny.  There are so many people here.  Oh, I feel like many people here.  Oh, I feel like many people here.  Oh, I feel like I just I just I just applied new lotion.  This is really not applied new lotion.  This is really not applied new lotion.  This is really not great at all.  The journey begins. [music] The [music] The [music] The tour is over.  And where did we tour is over.  And where did we tour is over.  And where did we end up?  At the shopping center.  But end up?  At the shopping center.  But end up?  At the shopping center.  But that's Julia's fault, because Julia wants to go that's Julia's fault, because Julia wants to go that's Julia's fault, because Julia wants to go to Sephora, right?   Is it to Sephora, right?   Is it to Sephora, right?   Is it still allowed?  No, I've just gotten so tired because of it still allowed?  No, I've just gotten so tired because of it still allowed?  No, I've just gotten so tired because of it .  Please pass .  Please pass .  Please pass me the fruits.  Jul needed a me the fruits.  Jul needed a me the fruits.  Jul needed a little Weidz, there wasn't a little Weidz, there wasn't a little Weidz, there wasn't a brand he wanted.   There was brand he wanted.   There was brand he wanted.   There was nothing [music] I nothing [music] I nothing [music] I wanted.  Then I have to go and wanted.  Then I have to go and wanted.  Then I have to go and buy it in Germany now, because buy it in Germany now, because buy it in Germany now, because I think they I think they I think they already have it there.  Well, anyway, I already have it there.  Well, anyway, I already have it there.  Well, anyway, I bought some Mini Leaf in conditioner bought some Mini Leaf in conditioner bought some Mini Leaf in conditioner for my crusty hair.  Once from Fenty for my crusty hair.  Once from Fenty for my crusty hair.  Once from Fenty Hair in mini, and then I wanted to Hair in mini, and then I wanted to Hair in mini, and then I wanted to try this one too, because I put it on try this one too, because I put it on try this one too, because I put it on earlier and earlier and earlier and Loki made Loki made Loki made my hair so soft now.  So he did what my hair so soft now.  So he did what my hair so soft now.  So he did what he was supposed to do.  I wanted to he was supposed to do.  I wanted to he was supposed to do.  I wanted to try the other one too, so try the other one too, so try the other one too, so I bought a Beautyblender.  I haven't had a I bought a Beautyblender.  I haven't had a I bought a Beautyblender.  I haven't had a Beautyblender for years Beautyblender for years Beautyblender for years and now I'm...  That was really and now I'm...  That was really and now I'm...  That was really great!  60 € er.  Here comes the woman great!  60 € er.  Here comes the woman great!  60 € er.  Here comes the woman with the good, important things. with the good, important things. with the good, important things. Hello.  Oh my God, great.  Grazia. Hello.  Oh my God, great.  Grazia. Hello.  Oh my God, great.  Grazia. Great.  I'm thrilled.  It's a good thing we Great.  I'm thrilled.  It's a good thing we Great.  I'm thrilled.  It's a good thing we waited.  The problem is, they waited.  The problem is, they waited.  The problem is, they simply didn't have the simply didn't have the simply didn't have the opportunity to take our order earlier opportunity to take our order earlier opportunity to take our order earlier , because let's just , because let's just , because let's just start again.  Treasure.  Yes, but they could start again.  Treasure.  Yes, but they could start again.  Treasure.  Yes, but they could n't have known when we could pay n't have known when we could pay n't have known when we could pay .  The cash register was somehow broken, .  The cash register was somehow broken, .  The cash register was somehow broken, and we waited patiently.  Yes, and we waited patiently.  Yes, and we waited patiently.  Yes, it smells kind of like that.  So it smells kind of like that.  So it smells kind of like that.  So you can't smell anything at all. you can't smell anything at all. you can't smell anything at all. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, but I'd like some salt.  How do I but I'd like some salt.  How do I but I'd like some salt.  How do I actually hold my Oh yes, soy, actually hold my Oh yes, soy, actually hold my Oh yes, soy, because she gets it in such a way that she because she gets it in such a way that she because she gets it in such a way that she can use it now, but doesn't have to get up?  It has to can use it now, but doesn't have to get up?  It has to can use it now, but doesn't have to get up?  It has to be.  Yes, be.  Yes, be.  Yes, then it's practical.  Acrobat ( then it's practical.  Acrobat ( then it's practical.  Acrobat ( partially)  No.  No.  No. partially)  No.  No.  No. partially)  No.  No.  No. Why? Why? Why? Well, it doesn't taste like it does in Thailand.   Does it Well, it doesn't taste like it does in Thailand.   Does it Well, it doesn't taste like it does in Thailand.   Does it taste different in Thailand, taste different in Thailand, taste different in Thailand, but also better? but also better? but also better? Dude, why am I holding my knife with such a Dude, why am I holding my knife with such a Dude, why am I holding my knife with such a restricted bite and such restricted bite and such restricted bite and such strain? strain? strain? So, I don't get how people So, I don't get how people So, I don't get how people can say tofu isn't awesome.   I can say tofu isn't awesome.   I can say tofu isn't awesome.   I need to see how it's made need to see how it's made need to see how it's made .  Maybe I've just gotten used to it by now .  Maybe I've just gotten used to it by now .  Maybe I've just gotten used to it by now , but I also think that , but I also think that , but I also think that nothing tastes nothing tastes nothing tastes good, even chocolate. good, even chocolate. good, even chocolate. It tastes like a sponge.  Mhm.  Oh, It tastes like a sponge.  Mhm.  Oh, It tastes like a sponge.  Mhm.  Oh, that's awesome, that's awesome, that's awesome, dude.  I'm so tired right now.  Why?  You've had dude.  I'm so tired right now.  Why?  You've had dude.  I'm so tired right now.  Why?  You've had a tough, sunny day a tough, sunny day a tough, sunny day .  Don't be so hard on yourself. .  Don't be so hard on yourself. .  Don't be so hard on yourself. We're back. We're back. We're back. Our scooter didn't let us down this time Our scooter didn't let us down this time Our scooter didn't let us down this time .  That was nice. .  That was nice. .  That was nice. Yes, thankfully.  Yes, we're going to go for another Yes, thankfully.  Yes, we're going to go for another Yes, thankfully.  Yes, we're going to go for another lap in the pool now.  It's 6 PM.  48 lap in the pool now.  It's 6 PM.  48 lap in the pool now.  It's 6 PM.  48 and then we'll go and then we'll go and then we'll go shower right away, get ready, then head to shower right away, get ready, then head to shower right away, get ready, then head to the start.  Yes, right? the start.  Yes, right? the start.  Yes, right? Yes, that was a question.   Yes Yes, that was a question.   Yes Yes, that was a question.   Yes .   Do .   Do .   Do you wear makeup too? you wear makeup too? you wear makeup too? Wow, I don't know.  Just a Z Bock, but Wow, I don't know.  Just a Z Bock, but Wow, I don't know.  Just a Z Bock, but maybe. maybe. maybe. Okay, we're ready to go again. Okay, we're ready to go again. Okay, we're ready to go again. Our pool session lasted about 2 Our pool session lasted about 2 Our pool session lasted about 2 minutes, then I didn't want to anymore minutes, then I didn't want to anymore minutes, then I didn't want to anymore .  We didn't feel like putting on makeup .  We didn't feel like putting on makeup .  We didn't feel like putting on makeup , so we just left it as it was , so we just left it as it was , so we just left it as it was .  This is my .  This is my .  This is my outfit.  My skirt is from Stradivarius. outfit.  My skirt is from Stradivarius. outfit.  My skirt is from Stradivarius. My top is from Pepe Jeans, and the My top is from Pepe Jeans, and the My top is from Pepe Jeans, and the same bag and flip-flops from before, same bag and flip-flops from before, same bag and flip-flops from before, and Julia is very and Julia is very and Julia is very cute today. cute today. cute today. Have you ever seen anything like this before? Have you ever seen anything like this before? Have you ever seen anything like this before? No.  That's crazy, actually, it's No.  That's crazy, actually, it's No.  That's crazy, actually, it's different, but different, but different, but I think the skirt is totally cute. I think the skirt is totally cute. I think the skirt is totally cute. Yes, but I think that one still exists too Yes, but I think that one still exists too Yes, but I think that one still exists too .  It's from Subde.  And the .  It's from Subde.  And the .  It's from Subde.  And the top is from Berschka.   It top is from Berschka.   It top is from Berschka.   It looks like a belly dancing skirt. looks like a belly dancing skirt. looks like a belly dancing skirt. Yes, because the federal government has progressed this far Yes, because the federal government has progressed this far Yes, because the federal government has progressed this far .  I also have it in white.   Real .  I also have it in white.   Real .  I also have it in white.   Real ? ? ? H looks like I could. H looks like I could. H looks like I could. We bought ourselves bracelets. We bought ourselves bracelets. We bought ourselves bracelets. Then check online right away to see if it's Then check online right away to see if it's Then check online right away to see if it's still available. still available. still available. Show off your bracelet. Show off your bracelet. Show off your bracelet. Oh right. Oh right. Oh right. Wow.  Wait, Wow.  Wait, Wow.  Wait, mine is pink. mine is pink. mine is pink. I bought two bracelets.   This is one example I bought two bracelets.   This is one example I bought two bracelets.   This is one example . . . Um, these are three blue stones.  Then Um, these are three blue stones.  Then Um, these are three blue stones.  Then I said, yes, that I said, yes, that I said, yes, that 's a bit creepy. 's a bit creepy. 's a bit creepy. No, not at all No, not at all No, not at all , those are the eyes of Mom, , those are the eyes of Mom, , those are the eyes of Mom, Dad and Jana.  No, Dad and Jana.  No, Dad and Jana.  No, sort of.  Have you read The Eye Hunter sort of.  Have you read The Eye Hunter sort of.  Have you read The Eye Hunter ?  Nah, whatever. ?  Nah, whatever. ?  Nah, whatever. No.  [laughter] No.  [laughter] No.  [laughter] And yes, that's what we've got And yes, that's what we've got And yes, that's what we've got together, together, together, the pink version.  I have the blue the pink version.  I have the blue the pink version.  I have the blue version.   That just goes to show version.   That just goes to show version.   That just goes to show who we are. who we are. who we are. Yes, sort of. Yes, sort of. Yes, sort of. And I also have two new ones, And I also have two new ones, And I also have two new ones, except if you're looking at me right now except if you're looking at me right now except if you're looking at me right now . . . The first and third ones are new from the The first and third ones are new from the The first and third ones are new from the left. left. left. We actually wanted a beautiful We actually wanted a beautiful We actually wanted a beautiful sunset, unfortunately we did sunset, unfortunately we did sunset, unfortunately we did n't get one, but we can live with that n't get one, but we can live with that n't get one, but we can live with that .   It .   It .   It is.  Yes, but yesterday it was really is.  Yes, but yesterday it was really is.  Yes, but yesterday it was really great, pink and blue, I was looking forward to great, pink and blue, I was looking forward to great, pink and blue, I was looking forward to sunbathing. sunbathing. sunbathing. Yes, but that was only for 10 minutes Yes, but that was only for 10 minutes Yes, but that was only for 10 minutes yesterday.  And you see clouds. yesterday.  And you see clouds. yesterday.  And you see clouds. This doesn't work with clouds.  Oh, This doesn't work with clouds.  Oh, This doesn't work with clouds.  Oh, there's a... What do you actually call these people there's a... What do you actually call these people there's a... What do you actually call these people ?  How I make a statue.  Now ?  How I make a statue.  Now ?  How I make a statue.  Now we're taking pictures on the bridge.  No, we're taking pictures on the bridge.  No, we're taking pictures on the bridge.  No, we've just spotted a snake. we've just spotted a snake. we've just spotted a snake. I was actually about to tell you I was actually about to tell you I was actually about to tell you that we're experiencing the nightlife for the first time that we're experiencing the nightlife for the first time that we're experiencing the nightlife for the first time and it's totally and it's totally and it's totally packed here.   Yes packed here.   Yes packed here.   Yes .  Why are they all looking at us like that?  They all just turned around .  Why are they all looking at us like that?  They all just turned around .  Why are they all looking at us like that?  They all just turned around .  Yes, .  Yes, .  Yes, guys, it's just a camera. guys, it's just a camera. guys, it's just a camera. Uh, yeah, we're queuing up now, are Uh, yeah, we're queuing up now, are Uh, yeah, we're queuing up now, are n't we? n't we? n't we? No. No. No. Oh, not a single part. Oh, not a single part. Oh, not a single part. Okay, this is going to take a very long time, isn't it? Okay, this is going to take a very long time, isn't it? Okay, this is going to take a very long time, isn't it? Never.  Look, that's 20 pizzas Never.  Look, that's 20 pizzas Never.  Look, that's 20 pizzas . I'm not waiting for 20 pizzas. . I'm not waiting for 20 pizzas. . I'm not waiting for 20 pizzas. The noodle shop is up ahead.  There's about The noodle shop is up ahead.  There's about The noodle shop is up ahead.  There's about three times as much of a queue as when three times as much of a queue as when three times as much of a queue as when we were there.  And that's why we were there.  And that's why we were there.  And that's why my conclusion is that we've my conclusion is that we've my conclusion is that we've already talked about the noodle shop, because you talk about it already talked about the noodle shop, because you talk about it already talked about the noodle shop, because you talk about it so casually.  And now so casually.  And now so casually.  And now we've talked about that.  Yes.  Oh no, that was we've talked about that.  Yes.  Oh no, that was we've talked about that.  Yes.  Oh no, that was in my [context] when I made my TikTok in my [context] when I made my TikTok in my [context] when I made my TikTok blog, that's why blog, that's why blog, that's why I thought I'd already I thought I'd already I thought I'd already told you.  We definitely went told you.  We definitely went told you.  We definitely went to a pasta shop yesterday and the to a pasta shop yesterday and the to a pasta shop yesterday and the queue was really long.  It's queue was really long.  It's queue was really long.  It's doubled right now.   There doubled right now.   There doubled right now.   There were two people ahead of us, were two people ahead of us, were two people ahead of us, but it took a long time. but it took a long time. but it took a long time. Yes, imagine now. Yes, imagine now. Yes, imagine now. Yes, that's right.  Yes.  Yes, that's why my Yes, that's right.  Yes.  Yes, that's why my Yes, that's right.  Yes.  Yes, that's why my conclusion is simple: we should conclusion is simple: we should conclusion is simple: we should miss the Nightli again for the next few miss the Nightli again for the next few miss the Nightli again for the next few days. days. days. Okay, so only tomorrow.  Morning. Okay, so only tomorrow.  Morning. Okay, so only tomorrow.  Morning. Food has arrived.  I got Julia to come to me Food has arrived.  I got Julia to come to me Food has arrived.  I got Julia to come to me . . . Yes, I wanted to eat pizza.  But I did Yes, I wanted to eat pizza.  But I did Yes, I wanted to eat pizza.  But I did n't want to eat at either of the two shops.   Yes n't want to eat at either of the two shops.   Yes n't want to eat at either of the two shops.   Yes .  No.  Admit it, she looked real. .  No.  Admit it, she looked real. .  No.  Admit it, she looked real. Yes, they looked a bit rough, but I would have done it Yes, they looked a bit rough, but I would have done it Yes, they looked a bit rough, but I would have done it for you.  Fun. for you.  Fun. for you.  Fun. Wow.  You wouldn't have. Wow.  You wouldn't have. Wow.  You wouldn't have. I wouldn't really be in the mood for Indian food, I wouldn't really be in the mood for Indian food, I wouldn't really be in the mood for Indian food, but oh well.  I said three times that we but oh well.  I said three times that we but oh well.  I said three times that we could still leave, but then she said could still leave, but then she said could still leave, but then she said no.  It is beautiful. no.  It is beautiful. no.  It is beautiful. I think we don't even need to I think we don't even need to I think we don't even need to make a taste test, because it will be delicious anyway. make a taste test, because it will be delicious anyway. make a taste test, because it will be delicious anyway. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Oh, okay, then you do one.   It 's delicious, isn't it? 's delicious, isn't it? 's delicious, isn't it? Yes, the one in Cologne is better, but it's Yes, the one in Cologne is better, but it's Yes, the one in Cologne is better, but it's tasty. tasty. tasty. Oh, okay.   A Oh, okay.   A Oh, okay.   A little bit of fun. Oh, oh, it's the next little bit of fun. Oh, oh, it's the next little bit of fun. Oh, oh, it's the next day.  We're going to have breakfast now, but day.  We're going to have breakfast now, but day.  We're going to have breakfast now, but Julia is still on the phone.   Yes Julia is still on the phone.   Yes Julia is still on the phone.   Yes , yes, that's possible. , yes, that's possible. , yes, that's possible. We're out and about. We're out and about. We're out and about. Oh my God.  Yes, you film really well. Oh my God.  Yes, you film really well. Oh my God.  Yes, you film really well. Yes, I... Oh, I was so small... I Yes, I... Oh, I was so small... I Yes, I... Oh, I was so small... I was so here.  Hello.   Um was so here.  Hello.   Um was so here.  Hello.   Um , we just had breakfast.   Had breakfast , we just had breakfast.   Had breakfast , we just had breakfast.   Had breakfast .  And now we are going to go .  And now we are going to go .  And now we are going to go to the scooter.  Hey, it's so crazy, at to the scooter.  Hey, it's so crazy, at to the scooter.  Hey, it's so crazy, at breakfast there's always this guy, what's his name again breakfast there's always this guy, what's his name again breakfast there's always this guy, what's his name again ?  The Man of the Birds.  Yeah, it's like, some ?  The Man of the Birds.  Yeah, it's like, some ?  The Man of the Birds.  Yeah, it's like, some guy who's guy who's guy who's just just just standing there in his hunter outfit, and then he's wearing standing there in his hunter outfit, and then he's wearing standing there in his hunter outfit, and then he's wearing a glove and there's a a glove and there's a a glove and there's a bird sitting on the glove and bird sitting on the glove and bird sitting on the glove and he's just chilling while having breakfast.  So he's just standing there he's just chilling while having breakfast.  So he's just standing there with this bird, and with this bird, and with this bird, and I think he's booked by the hotel I think he's booked by the hotel I think he's booked by the hotel or something.  That's so weird, because he's or something.  That's so weird, because he's or something.  That's so weird, because he's just standing there.  He's just like that, he's just standing there.  He's just like that, he's just standing there.  He's just like that, he's such an NPC, you know, I such an NPC, you know, I such an NPC, you know, I always feel so sorry for him.  I'm guessing he was always feel so sorry for him.  I'm guessing he was always feel so sorry for him.  I'm guessing he was probably booked there to probably booked there to probably booked there to entertain us. entertain us. entertain us. Yes, yes, that's his job too. Yes, yes, that's his job too. Yes, yes, that's his job too. Yes, of course, but Yes, of course, but Yes, of course, but nobody reacts to it, you know?  Just like that with nobody reacts to it, you know?  Just like that with nobody reacts to it, you know?  Just like that with his bird, and on the one hand I find his bird, and on the one hand I find his bird, and on the one hand I find it really awful that he it really awful that he it really awful that he has that bird there.   Yes has that bird there.   Yes has that bird there.   Yes .  On the other hand, I .  On the other hand, I .  On the other hand, I also think, oh God, the poor guy, he's just standing there also think, oh God, the poor guy, he's just standing there also think, oh God, the poor guy, he's just standing there and this hotel thinks, that and this hotel thinks, that and this hotel thinks, that 's a good idea, a guy with a 's a good idea, a guy with a 's a good idea, a guy with a bird can really save the money. bird can really save the money. bird can really save the money. It's so strange.  I don't understand this It's so strange.  I don't understand this It's so strange.  I don't understand this whole situation, whole situation, whole situation, I do I do I do n't understand what's going on.  That's so weird. n't understand what's going on.  That's so weird. n't understand what's going on.  That's so weird. We absolutely have to We absolutely have to We absolutely have to return a scooter now, and J really wants to go back return a scooter now, and J really wants to go back return a scooter now, and J really wants to go back to Black and White Coffee, where to Black and White Coffee, where to Black and White Coffee, where we waited in line for so long yesterday, but they we waited in line for so long yesterday, but they we waited in line for so long yesterday, but they have a separate shop for Sundays. have a separate shop for Sundays. have a separate shop for Sundays. We'll take her there now. We'll take her there now. We'll take her there now. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. H up. H up. H up. Wow, Wow, Wow, like a princess. like a princess. like a princess. Now I've started what I wanted to get Now I've started what I wanted to get Now I've started what I wanted to get .  No sunglasses either. .  No sunglasses either. .  No sunglasses either. H, you don't have any either. H, you don't have any either. H, you don't have any either. I don't have any either. I don't have any either. I don't have any either. Do you have to close the door while Do you have to close the door while Do you have to close the door while driving? driving? driving? Guys, I swear, yesterday I had Guys, I swear, yesterday I had Guys, I swear, yesterday I had no more eye discharge, right? no more eye discharge, right? no more eye discharge, right? You don't understand the wind on it.  It You don't understand the wind on it.  It You don't understand the wind on it.  It 's sick.   Yes 's sick.   Yes 's sick.   Yes , I think so. , I think so. , I think so. No, but it's really sick.  Yes, No, but it's really sick.  Yes, No, but it's really sick.  Yes, so you think you're so you think you're so you think you're standing, you're even sitting behind me and standing, you're even sitting behind me and standing, you're even sitting behind me and saying the wind is strong.  But if you saying the wind is strong.  But if you saying the wind is strong.  But if you [laughter] say [laughter] say [laughter] say yes, then it makes no difference.  That's yes, then it makes no difference.  That's yes, then it makes no difference.  That's correct. correct. correct. We have our position, I have something that I probably find I have something that I probably find I have something that I probably find very cute. very cute. very cute. You really don't shy away from it.  Yes, you can feel You really don't shy away from it.  Yes, you can feel You really don't shy away from it.  Yes, you can feel it.  And I have a green juice it.  And I have a green juice it.  And I have a green juice and I'm going to find it incredibly disgusting. and I'm going to find it incredibly disgusting. and I'm going to find it incredibly disgusting. Yes, it's simply apple apple. Yes, it's simply apple apple. Yes, it's simply apple apple. Celery, glue. Celery, glue. Celery, glue. First it says apple, then it says First it says apple, then it says First it says apple, then it says cucumber, then it says celery.  That cucumber, then it says celery.  That cucumber, then it says celery.  That means it's not a cucumber and you don't say " means it's not a cucumber and you don't say " means it's not a cucumber and you don't say " try it first" or "say it," but do try it first" or "say it," but do try it first" or "say it," but do n't react. n't react. n't react. Wait, react.   Did Wait, react.   Did Wait, react.   Did you respond?   Yes you respond?   Yes you respond?   Yes .  [ __ ], I'm done with it, it was really .  [ __ ], I'm done with it, it was really .  [ __ ], I'm done with it, it was really bad.  I'm scared. So So So the first second is great and then it's the first second is great and then it's the first second is great and then it's delicious. delicious. delicious. Oh, this is ten times worse than I Oh, this is ten times worse than I Oh, this is ten times worse than I expected. So yes, it tastes like cucumber juice, So yes, it tastes like cucumber juice, So yes, it tastes like cucumber juice, but not sweet cucumber juice. What exactly did you expect, [laughter] What exactly did you expect, [laughter] What exactly did you expect, [laughter] boy?  The second ingredient boy?  The second ingredient boy?  The second ingredient listed is listed is listed is cucumber. cucumber. cucumber. Oh, that's completely unacceptable. Oh, that's completely unacceptable. Oh, that's completely unacceptable. Yes, I think I have. Yes, I think I have. Yes, I think I have. That's disgusting. That's disgusting. That's disgusting. I thought it would taste a bit more like I thought it would taste a bit more like I thought it would taste a bit more like apple.  There are already two apples. apple.  There are already two apples. apple.  There are already two apples. The first ingredient was apple, and the fourth was apple The first ingredient was apple, and the fourth was apple The first ingredient was apple, and the fourth was apple again.   Yes again.   Yes again.   Yes .   Yes .   Yes .   Yes .   Why is .   Why is .   Why is that? I don't know either.   Are they that? I don't know either.   Are they that? I don't know either.   Are they stupid?  I thought it would be more stupid?  I thought it would be more stupid?  I thought it would be more apple.  It tastes really good.  That says apple.  It tastes really good.  That says apple.  It tastes really good.  That says legitimate legitimate legitimate apple, cucumber, celery, apple lime. apple, cucumber, celery, apple lime. apple, cucumber, celery, apple lime. Wow, Wow, Wow, that's completely unacceptable.  Should I? I don't dare that's completely unacceptable.  Should I? I don't dare that's completely unacceptable.  Should I? I don't dare .  Come in there now.  That's .  Come in there now.  That's .  Come in there now.  That's not so bad. not so bad. not so bad. No. No. No. Wow, that works.  No, that's completely unacceptable Wow, that works.  No, that's completely unacceptable Wow, that works.  No, that's completely unacceptable . . . Oh man, I thought I was so Oh man, I thought I was so Oh man, I thought I was so healthy healthy healthy with my green juice, but it's with my green juice, but it's with my green juice, but it's really not working at all.  No, I can't really not working at all.  No, I can't really not working at all.  No, I can't drink that.   Do drink that.   Do drink that.   Do you like drinking that?  Yes, you like drinking that?  Yes, you like drinking that?  Yes, that will be super fun, I don't.  I would say Jana still has K. I don't.  I would say Jana still has K. I don't.  I would say Jana still has K. Yes, Yes, Yes, let's go.  So guys, as you can see, I let's go.  So guys, as you can see, I let's go.  So guys, as you can see, I 'm in bikini gear.  I feel a 'm in bikini gear.  I feel a 'm in bikini gear.  I feel a bit criminal right now because I'm bit criminal right now because I'm bit criminal right now because I'm only wearing a bikini and walking through only wearing a bikini and walking through only wearing a bikini and walking through these hotel corridors, but I'm so covered in these hotel corridors, but I'm so covered in these hotel corridors, but I'm so covered in oil and sunscreen, I oil and sunscreen, I oil and sunscreen, I really can't do this.  Well, anyway, really can't do this.  Well, anyway, really can't do this.  Well, anyway, we just handed in the scooter, or I just handed it in we just handed in the scooter, or I just handed it in we just handed in the scooter, or I just handed it in . . . I just returned the scooter and I just returned the scooter and I just returned the scooter and we got some water because Julia is we got some water because Julia is we got some water because Julia is recording a podcast now.  Diger, I can't take it anymore recording a podcast now.  Diger, I can't take it anymore recording a podcast now.  Diger, I can't take it anymore .  I swear, this path is .  I swear, this path is .  I swear, this path is really getting going. really getting going. really getting going. Because Julian is recording podcasts now, and Because Julian is recording podcasts now, and Because Julian is recording podcasts now, and in that time I'm going to the pool and then in that time I'm going to the pool and then in that time I'm going to the pool and then I'll chill there for a bit until she I'll chill there for a bit until she I'll chill there for a bit until she 's finished, and then we'll drive or 's finished, and then we'll drive or 's finished, and then we'll drive or walk to the beach when the scooter isn't available anymore walk to the beach when the scooter isn't available anymore walk to the beach when the scooter isn't available anymore .  That's really sad, because he was .  That's really sad, because he was .  That's really sad, because he was really fun.  I can really fun.  I can really fun.  I can not anymore.  What are you doing now not anymore.  What are you doing now not anymore.  What are you doing now , man?  I just want to , man?  I just want to , man?  I just want to eat my awesome pizza that's eat my awesome pizza that's eat my awesome pizza that's sitting right here in front of me.  Yes, you can tell by her expression sitting right here in front of me.  Yes, you can tell by her expression sitting right here in front of me.  Yes, you can tell by her expression .  She feels bad because I have to .  She feels bad because I have to .  She feels bad because I have to wait until I can eat, wait until I can eat, wait until I can eat, because our Instagram girl has to do her thing first because our Instagram girl has to do her thing first because our Instagram girl has to do her thing first .  Hi.  Wow, H was even shot with lightning .  Hi.  Wow, H was even shot with lightning .  Hi.  Wow, H was even shot with lightning .  What do we say now?  That .  What do we say now?  That .  What do we say now?  That 's good now.  Can we eat now?  Three 's good now.  Can we eat now?  Three 's good now.  Can we eat now?  Three is spicy is spicy is spicy , because that's how spicy it's supposed to be. , because that's how spicy it's supposed to be. , because that's how spicy it's supposed to be. No, the other one should be that sharp. No, the other one should be that sharp. No, the other one should be that sharp. But he also thinks so. But he also thinks so. But he also thinks so. Yes, you still need to explain that to people Yes, you still need to explain that to people Yes, you still need to explain that to people . . . Yes, firstly, we are on Wow, Yes, firstly, we are on Wow, Yes, firstly, we are on Wow, disrespectful.  We are where we are, where we actually we are, where we actually we are, where we actually wanted to be yesterday, wanted to be yesterday, wanted to be yesterday, but the queue was extremely long.   It's but the queue was extremely long.   It's but the queue was extremely long.   It's 2 PM now, so it's 2 PM now, so it's 2 PM now, so it's chill here.  It's still chill here.  It's still chill here.  It's still crazy when it's full.  Yes, it's still full, but crazy when it's full.  Yes, it's still full, but crazy when it's full.  Yes, it's still full, but we have my seat. we have my seat. we have my seat. Yes, and there are two salamis and he Yes, and there are two salamis and he Yes, and there are two salamis and he said to one of them, "Do said to one of them, "Do said to one of them, "Do n't take it, it's too spicy." n't take it, it's too spicy." n't take it, it's too spicy." You're too young a girl for that. You're too young a girl for that. You're too young a girl for that. Margarita is quite good.  Yeah, totally awesome. is quite good.  Yeah, totally awesome. is quite good.  Yeah, totally awesome. It's missing something like basil or something. It's missing something like basil or something. It's missing something like basil or something. Yes, for oregano or SAS.  You can't Yes, for oregano or SAS.  You can't Yes, for oregano or SAS.  You can't have everything, right?  Oh my God, the have everything, right?  Oh my God, the have everything, right?  Oh my God, the beads of sweat on your face say it beads of sweat on your face say it beads of sweat on your face say it all. all. all. Yes, please.  Okay, no harm done at all, Yes, please.  Okay, no harm done at all, Yes, please.  Okay, no harm done at all, dude.  I dude.  I dude.  I started filming way too late again.  Actually, started filming way too late again.  Actually, started filming way too late again.  Actually, I wanted to film Julia I wanted to film Julia I wanted to film Julia photographing a door, because we are photographing a door, because we are photographing a door, because we are currently looking for doors for Julia, as currently looking for doors for Julia, as currently looking for doors for Julia, as Julia has a great vision for her Julia has a great vision for her Julia has a great vision for her story.  Do you want to introduce them?  I story.  Do you want to introduce them?  I story.  Do you want to introduce them?  I 've seen so many beautiful doors here, 've seen so many beautiful doors here, 've seen so many beautiful doors here, I've photographed them and then I've photographed them and then I've photographed them and then I want to I want to I want to post lots of doors in a story, one after the other, post lots of doors in a story, one after the other, post lots of doors in a story, one after the other, but I'm only at five so far.  Huh, but I'm only at five so far.  Huh, but I'm only at five so far.  Huh, how much do you want? how much do you want? how much do you want? My vision was 16. Well, not 16, My vision was 16. Well, not 16, My vision was 16. Well, not 16, but but but seriously. seriously. seriously. No, more than that.  I thought about five. No, more than that.  I thought about five. No, more than that.  I thought about five. No.  Oh, then we still have a lot ahead of No.  Oh, then we still have a lot ahead of No.  Oh, then we still have a lot ahead of us.  I'll have to keep my eyes open even more us.  I'll have to keep my eyes open even more us.  I'll have to keep my eyes open even more . . . I think we shouldn't do it like this. I think we shouldn't do it like this. I think we shouldn't do it like this. So, I'm saying everyone skips after the fourth door So, I'm saying everyone skips after the fourth door So, I'm saying everyone skips after the fourth door .   Not at all .   Not at all .   Not at all .  After the fourth door, .  After the fourth door, .  After the fourth door, everyone slowly starts to realize this.  Yes.   Yes everyone slowly starts to realize this.  Yes.   Yes everyone slowly starts to realize this.  Yes.   Yes .  OK.  You know, as you can see, .  OK.  You know, as you can see, .  OK.  You know, as you can see, oh, here we are.  Hi.  Yes, we oh, here we are.  Hi.  Yes, we oh, here we are.  Hi.  Yes, we already drove past it on already drove past it on already drove past it on our scooter. our scooter. our scooter. We shouldn't make this such an We shouldn't make this such an We shouldn't make this such an aggressive task, you know? aggressive task, you know? aggressive task, you know? Yes, but I enjoy it; it Yes, but I enjoy it; it Yes, but I enjoy it; it should just happen that way. should just happen that way. should just happen that way. OK.  Yes, we're definitely going to the OK.  Yes, we're definitely going to the OK.  Yes, we're definitely going to the beach right now.  How much longer will we run beach right now.  How much longer will we run beach right now.  How much longer will we run ? ? Allegedly 6 minutes.  [clears throat] Okay, Allegedly 6 minutes.  [clears throat] Okay, Allegedly 6 minutes.  [clears throat] Okay, fine. fine. fine. Last goal. Last goal. Last goal. Yes, that's definitely the goal.  It Yes, that's definitely the goal.  It Yes, that's definitely the goal.  It 's really, really crowded here. 's really, really crowded here. 's really, really crowded here. Wow, you're really in the mood right now. Wow, you're really in the mood right now. Wow, you're really in the mood right now. Yes, that's definitely the goal. Yes, that's definitely the goal. Yes, that's definitely the goal. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. I'm really hot.  I'm already lying down.  Yes, I'm really hot.  I'm already lying down.  Yes, I'm really hot.  I'm already lying down.  Yes, then let's just go into the water now then let's just go into the water now then let's just go into the water now .  Yes, okay. After 20, 25. After 20, 25. After 20, 25. Oh my God, now you know how Oh my God, now you know how Oh my God, now you know how someone else always feels about you. someone else always feels about you. someone else always feels about you. That's not true.  That's not true. That's not true.  That's not true. That's not true.  That's not true. Swear to it. Swear to it. Swear to it. Oh my God, we Oh my God, we Oh my God, we finished at exactly the same time.  Yesterday, the day before yesterday. finished at exactly the same time.  Yesterday, the day before yesterday. finished at exactly the same time.  Yesterday, the day before yesterday. Yesterday we didn't even get ready Yesterday we didn't even get ready Yesterday we didn't even get ready .  This is a blatant lie.  Okay, let's .  This is a blatant lie.  Okay, let's .  This is a blatant lie.  Okay, let's ask our parents.  Huh, Jew, I swear. ask our parents.  Huh, Jew, I swear. ask our parents.  Huh, Jew, I swear. We used to always lie and say, "Oh my God, We used to always lie and say, "Oh my God, We used to always lie and say, "Oh my God, this is so incredibly funny!" this is so incredibly funny!" this is so incredibly funny!" So, outfit, my top is from So, outfit, my top is from So, outfit, my top is from Hollar, my pants are from Pullen Bear, Hollar, my pants are from Pullen Bear, Hollar, my pants are from Pullen Bear, my Favianos, my bag is from my Favianos, my bag is from my Favianos, my bag is from Coach, my King is from H&M, Julia's Coach, my King is from H&M, Julia's Coach, my King is from H&M, Julia's pants are from Berschka, her top is pants are from Berschka, her top is pants are from Berschka, her top is from from from Rate mal Rate mal Rate mal Berschka, Berschka, Berschka, no.  His outfit. no.  His outfit. no.  His outfit. No, M Rocks.   Yes No, M Rocks.   Yes No, M Rocks.   Yes . . . Ah, [laughter] Ah, [laughter] Ah, [laughter] the Flippies. the Flippies. the Flippies. Flippies, Flippies, Flippies, no idea.  Sleepers.  Oh, beautifully no idea.  Sleepers.  Oh, beautifully no idea.  Sleepers.  Oh, beautifully dirty.  In bag. dirty.  In bag. dirty.  In bag. I have solar bromo with beer.   Do I have solar bromo with beer.   Do I have solar bromo with beer.   Do you see that? you see that? you see that? Yes, I see that very clearly. Yes, I see that very clearly. Yes, I see that very clearly. I don't think this is I don't think this is I don't think this is sunburn, by the way.  This strange mark sunburn, by the way.  This strange mark sunburn, by the way.  This strange mark on my leg.  Yes, we're taking on my leg.  Yes, we're taking on my leg.  Yes, we're taking photos now and then we actually wanted to go out to photos now and then we actually wanted to go out to photos now and then we actually wanted to go out to eat, but neither of us is that eat, but neither of us is that eat, but neither of us is that hungry, so hungry, so hungry, so not yet.  Yes, but we eat not yet.  Yes, but we eat not yet.  Yes, but we eat Smashburgers, probably just Smashburgers, probably just Smashburgers, probably just a Smashy given a Smashy given a Smashy given . . . Hi, Hi, Hi, that's really awesome!  Wow, that looks that's really awesome!  Wow, that looks that's really awesome!  Wow, that looks intense.  Wow, intense.  Wow, intense.  Wow, I'm kind of impressed. I'm kind of impressed. I'm kind of impressed. 30apen Thank you.   No idea Thank you.   No idea Thank you.   No idea . . . Test heard what he said.   Yummy Test heard what he said.   Yummy Test heard what he said.   Yummy .  What did she just .  What did she just .  What did she just give us?  The sauce without asking?  No, it tastes a bit like it tastes a bit like it tastes a bit like pickles. pickles. pickles. Yeah, it's awesome. Yeah, it's awesome. Yeah, it's awesome. Sun, no, Sun. Sun, no, Sun. Sun, no, Sun. Oh my God.  Yes, I swear, I Oh my God.  Yes, I swear, I Oh my God.  Yes, I swear, I just forgot.  We just just forgot.  We just just forgot.  We just made a TikTok video and showed off some packs, made a TikTok video and showed off some packs, made a TikTok video and showed off some packs, what else? what else? what else? It was fake.   What It was fake.   What It was fake.   What ?  I said we ?  I said we ?  I said we made a few photos and a video.  Oh, I see now made a few photos and a video.  Oh, I see now made a few photos and a video.  Oh, I see now .  We just .  We just .  We just made a TikTok video and it was fake.  No, made a TikTok video and it was fake.  No, made a TikTok video and it was fake.  No, I said we have TikTok I said we have TikTok I said we have TikTok and a few picks.  Oh right.  Everything's fine and a few picks.  Oh right.  Everything's fine and a few picks.  Oh right.  Everything's fine guys, we're not faking it.  Luki, every guys, we're not faking it.  Luki, every guys, we're not faking it.  Luki, every TikTok is fake.  Yes, I was just about to TikTok is fake.  Yes, I was just about to TikTok is fake.  Yes, I was just about to say, actually say, actually say, actually yes, it was fake.  Sorry guys, we're yes, it was fake.  Sorry guys, we're yes, it was fake.  Sorry guys, we're fakers. fakers. fakers. Every picture you intentionally post Every picture you intentionally post Every picture you intentionally post is fake. is fake. is fake. Yes, we are. I say, Yes, we are. I say, Yes, we are. I say, but on the other hand, it's real because it's but on the other hand, it's real because it's but on the other hand, it's real because it's not AI, one can say by now. not AI, one can say by now. not AI, one can say by now. So it's really So it's really So it's really great again.  What used to be fake is now great again.  What used to be fake is now great again.  What used to be fake is now real, oh my god. real, oh my god. real, oh my god. Thank you, AI.  Fun. Thank you, AI.  Fun. Thank you, AI.  Fun. No, No, No, bye AI, what am I even talking about bye AI, what am I even talking about bye AI, what am I even talking about ? ? ? No, there are now musicians on there are now musicians on there are now musicians on TikTok who are completely AI, TikTok who are completely AI, TikTok who are completely AI, who simply have insane voices who simply have insane voices who simply have insane voices and can unfortunately convey really intense and can unfortunately convey really intense and can unfortunately convey really intense emotions.  This is so emotions.  This is so emotions.  This is so awful.   All awful.   All awful.   All I ever see are these imitations of I ever see are these imitations of I ever see are these imitations of Beyonce or whatever, these new songs Beyonce or whatever, these new songs Beyonce or whatever, these new songs by her.  I don't even want to say who by her.  I don't even want to say who by her.  I don't even want to say who it is, because then you'll look and then it is, because then you'll look and then it is, because then you'll look and then save the songs on Spotify save the songs on Spotify save the songs on Spotify and I'm really and I'm really and I'm really giving Spotify, giving Spotify, giving Spotify, boy.  Yes, that's a whole ass artist, boy.  Yes, that's a whole ass artist, boy.  Yes, that's a whole ass artist, simply.  There simply.  There simply.  There are also those Instagram accounts, like model are also those Instagram accounts, like model are also those Instagram accounts, like model accounts or something. accounts or something. accounts or something. But they're all absolutely terrible, But they're all absolutely terrible, But they're all absolutely terrible, thankfully.  But this guy, he thankfully.  But this guy, he thankfully.  But this guy, he simply doesn't exist, he has simply doesn't exist, he has simply doesn't exist, he has a voice.  I get goosebumps. a voice.  I get goosebumps. a voice.  I get goosebumps. Oh, Oh, Oh, that's bad. that's bad. that's bad. I find it amazing that voices can be I find it amazing that voices can be I find it amazing that voices can be imitated better than imitated better than imitated better than photos.  Yes, that's true, because you photos.  Yes, that's true, because you photos.  Yes, that's true, because you can already do that, that's the thing, can already do that, that's the thing, can already do that, that's the thing, normally we all normally we all normally we all thought, yeah, as long as AI people and stuff thought, yeah, as long as AI people and stuff thought, yeah, as long as AI people and stuff can't convey feelings and can't convey feelings and can't convey feelings and stuff, and you realize that it's not stuff, and you realize that it's not stuff, and you realize that it's not okay, but bro, okay, but bro, okay, but bro, he makes me cry unfortunately. he makes me cry unfortunately. he makes me cry unfortunately. Wow, I have the feeling you're exaggerating right now, so Wow, I have the feeling you're exaggerating right now, so Wow, I have the feeling you're exaggerating right now, so listen. listen. listen. No, I'll show you later.  I No, I'll show you later.  I No, I'll show you later.  I blocked it because I didn't want to.  No, blocked it because I didn't want to.  No, blocked it because I didn't want to.  No, I'm not going to do that, but I'll I'm not going to do that, but I'll I'm not going to do that, but I'll show you and you'll be shocked, show you and you'll be shocked, show you and you'll be shocked, and unfortunately, the song is also... No, and unfortunately, the song is also... No, and unfortunately, the song is also... No, all the songs he has, all the songs he has, all the songs he has, but they're self-written. but they're self-written. but they're self-written. Yes, from AI, I guess. Yes, from AI, I guess. Yes, from AI, I guess. Why not let AI Why not let AI Why not let AI write for artists? write for artists? write for artists? Well, because then the art is gone.   Yes Well, because then the art is gone.   Yes Well, because then the art is gone.   Yes .  Yes, you realize that yourself .  Yes, you realize that yourself .  Yes, you realize that yourself now.  Lol.  Fun, now.  Lol.  Fun, now.  Lol.  Fun, fun. fun. fun. Yes, we have to Yes, we have to Yes, we have to work against it for as long as we still can, work against it for as long as we still can, work against it for as long as we still can, huh?  Yes, K will eventually die out again huh?  Yes, K will eventually die out again huh?  Yes, K will eventually die out again .  Diger, this AI .  Diger, this AI .  Diger, this AI artist, already has 38,000 followers. artist, already has 38,000 followers. artist, already has 38,000 followers. Yes, because it's a big thing right now, Yes, because it's a big thing right now, Yes, because it's a big thing right now, but in about 10 years it will definitely be but in about 10 years it will definitely be but in about 10 years it will definitely be boring. boring. boring. No, I'm telling you, that's what we think now, yeah, No, I'm telling you, that's what we think now, yeah, No, I'm telling you, that's what we think now, yeah, I'm not even saying that to them, I'm not even saying that to them, I'm not even saying that to them, I'm just saying that these AIs I'm just saying that these AIs I'm just saying that these AIs can convey human emotions and trigger something in us, will that bother can convey human emotions and trigger something in us, will that bother can convey human emotions and trigger something in us, will that bother people eventually? people eventually? people eventually? I hope I hope I hope not, but I not, but I not, but I have a feeling it will, no have a feeling it will, no have a feeling it will, no longer whether the person on the screen longer whether the person on the screen longer whether the person on the screen is real or not, because they do is real or not, because they do is real or not, because they do n't know them anyway, you know?  It would n't know them anyway, you know?  It would n't know them anyway, you know?  It would n't bother us in itself if we did n't bother us in itself if we did n't bother us in itself if we did n't know why AI n't know why AI n't know why AI is crap.  It's not just that it's awful, it is crap.  It's not just that it's awful, it is crap.  It's not just that it's awful, it also generally replaces people, also generally replaces people, also generally replaces people, it replaces art, and it replaces everything. it replaces art, and it replaces everything. it replaces art, and it replaces everything. Yes, but I mean, if we did Yes, but I mean, if we did Yes, but I mean, if we did n't consider that now, we wouldn't n't consider that now, we wouldn't n't consider that now, we wouldn't care. care. care. That's kind of a stupid argument coming That's kind of a stupid argument coming That's kind of a stupid argument coming from me.   That from me.   That from me.   That 's a really stupid [laughter], not a " 's a really stupid [laughter], not a " 's a really stupid [laughter], not a " I take it back" at all, guys.  Okay, but that I take it back" at all, guys.  Okay, but that I take it back" at all, guys.  Okay, but that 's the thing.  I thought, okay, 's the thing.  I thought, okay, 's the thing.  I thought, okay, people know they're not real people know they're not real people know they're not real people, so they're people, so they're people, so they're not interested.  But I can't not interested.  But I can't not interested.  But I can't imagine that the more normal this becomes, the imagine that the more normal this becomes, the imagine that the more normal this becomes, the less it will bother people, because less it will bother people, because less it will bother people, because they know them, since most people do they know them, since most people do they know them, since most people do n't know us personally either. n't know us personally either. n't know us personally either. Accordingly, for them, Accordingly, for them, Accordingly, for them, at least when it comes to music and such, it makes at least when it comes to music and such, it makes at least when it comes to music and such, it makes no difference whether it's a real no difference whether it's a real no difference whether it's a real person or not.  As long as the person or not.  As long as the person or not.  As long as the feelings are conveyed in the same way and feelings are conveyed in the same way and feelings are conveyed in the same way and you feel like you have a connection you feel like you have a connection you feel like you have a connection to this person.  Do you know what the to this person.  Do you know what the to this person.  Do you know what the topic is? topic is? topic is? Yes, I think that's totally muddy and shitty. Yes, I think that's totally muddy and shitty. Yes, I think that's totally muddy and shitty. I find it totally muddy.  [laughter] I find it totally muddy.  [laughter] I find it totally muddy.  [laughter] Yes, that's my contribution. I thought about it.  That was really awful I thought about it.  That was really awful I thought about it.  That was really awful .  That's all for now.  Ciao. .  That's all for now.  Ciao. .  That's all for now.  Ciao.