I'm reviewing the Jupiter Earth temper
paint sticks. They come with 36 colors
and I've got them here minus two so that
I can show you. It's got 18 classic
colors, six neons, six macaron or
pastel, and then six metallic colors.
And I've got them swatched here for you
and used so that you can see all of
these gorgeous colors. Sorry about my
dog in the background.
I did a square of black here so that you
can see the opacity of the white and
then these are the classic colors and
they are so opaque. And I want to point
out specifically the green and the pink
because with temper paint sticks, these
two colors, pink and green, tend to be
really like seethrough. But with these,
they're really opaque. And it comes with
this darker pink color and then this
lighter bluish based pink. These are the
pastel colors. And gosh, they're
gorgeous. I'm not even that really into
pastels, but these are gorgeous. I can't
wait to use these. So gorgeous. These
are the neons. I love neon colors, but I
will say these like you can look, sorry
about the shadow, but you can see how
opaque the classic colors are. And then
when you get down to the neons, they are
actually like a bit streakier and a
little bit uh less opaque. So, um, when
you're layering on top, they don't
necessarily work as well, but as a
background or underneath color, they
give like this gorgeous glow. These are
the metallics.
I don't typically use metallics in any
of my work, but look at that shine that
you can see. Hopefully, you can see
it's more like a pearlescent sheen.
Super gorgeous.
But I've got them all swatched for you.
And then I did just a couple of basic
tests for these. So this is layering the
neon blue and pink and then trying to
rub it. These don't necessarily mix very
well because tempera sticks are really
fast drying and you got to be really
quick with it. And when you do rub them,
they do tend to start rubbing off
because they dry so quickly. These are
layered with the pink under the or the
blue under the pink and then the pink
under the blue. So you can kind of get
some different colors there. I wanted to
do light over dark. And you can see that
the light yellow since yellow is kind of
a more translucent color anyway, it
shows up but not it kind of tints the
color more so than showing up very
vibrantly. And then dark over light. the
uh the dark color definitely just goes
over and then I wanted to show the white
over that dark color. Okay, these are
somewhat water soluble. You can get like
this beautiful watercolor effect, but do
note since they dry so quickly that you
won't like get a full wash like a
watercolor. It will still show those
marks there. So, just be aware of that.
What surprised me here was that you can
mix these, layer them on top of each
other, and then get secondary colors. I
was not expecting that. Um, because the
mixture up here didn't go so well. But
when you mix them with water, like this
was, as you can see, I'd be smudging
stuff, but this was blue topped with red
to make purple, blue topped with yellow
to make green, and then yellow topped
with red to make uh orange. I was so
shocked about being able to mix those
colors. So, I'm excited to see what kind
of beautiful color mixes you can get.
And if you tend to like more muted or
like dirtier mixed colors, like say for
landscapes to get, you know, cuz ain't
no grass green like that or like this.
So, you want to try to mix and get like
a muddier green, that's perfect. And
then I just did some testing over here
to see what kind of materials you could
layer over it. Graphite is really shiny,
but you can get it. Sharpie, fine liner,
colored pencil, and neocolor twos. This
is mixing a light um temper stick over
the black, some colored pencil. As you
can see, with the darker ones, you can't
really see it, but with the lighter
ones, you don't really get the color.
So, I wouldn't maybe use black as a
background if you're trying to get like
those clear colors. And then the
Neocolor twos, as you can see, light,
dark. So yeah, those are some of the
ways that you can use them. Again, super
surprised that you can mix them and get
those secondary colors. So I'm excited
about the mixing capabilities of these.
But yeah, those are the swatches.
Remember that these are fast drying, so
they can work in your sketchbook without
smudging. These are the Jupiter Earth
36count temper sticks.
