I'm reviewing the Jupiter Earth temper I'm reviewing the Jupiter Earth temper I'm reviewing the Jupiter Earth temper paint sticks. They come with 36 colors paint sticks. They come with 36 colors paint sticks. They come with 36 colors and I've got them here minus two so that and I've got them here minus two so that and I've got them here minus two so that I can show you. It's got 18 classic I can show you. It's got 18 classic I can show you. It's got 18 classic colors, six neons, six macaron or colors, six neons, six macaron or colors, six neons, six macaron or pastel, and then six metallic colors. pastel, and then six metallic colors. pastel, and then six metallic colors. And I've got them swatched here for you And I've got them swatched here for you And I've got them swatched here for you and used so that you can see all of and used so that you can see all of and used so that you can see all of these gorgeous colors. Sorry about my these gorgeous colors. Sorry about my these gorgeous colors. Sorry about my dog in the background. dog in the background. dog in the background. I did a square of black here so that you I did a square of black here so that you I did a square of black here so that you can see the opacity of the white and can see the opacity of the white and can see the opacity of the white and then these are the classic colors and then these are the classic colors and then these are the classic colors and they are so opaque. And I want to point they are so opaque. And I want to point they are so opaque. And I want to point out specifically the green and the pink out specifically the green and the pink out specifically the green and the pink because with temper paint sticks, these because with temper paint sticks, these because with temper paint sticks, these two colors, pink and green, tend to be two colors, pink and green, tend to be two colors, pink and green, tend to be really like seethrough. But with these, really like seethrough. But with these, really like seethrough. But with these, they're really opaque. And it comes with they're really opaque. And it comes with they're really opaque. And it comes with this darker pink color and then this this darker pink color and then this this darker pink color and then this lighter bluish based pink. These are the lighter bluish based pink. These are the lighter bluish based pink. These are the pastel colors. And gosh, they're pastel colors. And gosh, they're pastel colors. And gosh, they're gorgeous. I'm not even that really into gorgeous. I'm not even that really into gorgeous. I'm not even that really into pastels, but these are gorgeous. I can't pastels, but these are gorgeous. I can't pastels, but these are gorgeous. I can't wait to use these. So gorgeous. These wait to use these. So gorgeous. These wait to use these. So gorgeous. These are the neons. I love neon colors, but I are the neons. I love neon colors, but I are the neons. I love neon colors, but I will say these like you can look, sorry will say these like you can look, sorry will say these like you can look, sorry about the shadow, but you can see how about the shadow, but you can see how about the shadow, but you can see how opaque the classic colors are. And then opaque the classic colors are. And then opaque the classic colors are. And then when you get down to the neons, they are when you get down to the neons, they are when you get down to the neons, they are actually like a bit streakier and a actually like a bit streakier and a actually like a bit streakier and a little bit uh less opaque. So, um, when little bit uh less opaque. So, um, when little bit uh less opaque. So, um, when you're layering on top, they don't you're layering on top, they don't you're layering on top, they don't necessarily work as well, but as a necessarily work as well, but as a necessarily work as well, but as a background or underneath color, they background or underneath color, they background or underneath color, they give like this gorgeous glow. These are give like this gorgeous glow. These are give like this gorgeous glow. These are the metallics. the metallics. the metallics. I don't typically use metallics in any I don't typically use metallics in any I don't typically use metallics in any of my work, but look at that shine that of my work, but look at that shine that of my work, but look at that shine that you can see. Hopefully, you can see you can see. Hopefully, you can see you can see. Hopefully, you can see it's more like a pearlescent sheen. it's more like a pearlescent sheen. it's more like a pearlescent sheen. Super gorgeous. Super gorgeous. Super gorgeous. But I've got them all swatched for you. But I've got them all swatched for you. But I've got them all swatched for you. And then I did just a couple of basic And then I did just a couple of basic And then I did just a couple of basic tests for these. So this is layering the tests for these. So this is layering the tests for these. So this is layering the neon blue and pink and then trying to neon blue and pink and then trying to neon blue and pink and then trying to rub it. These don't necessarily mix very rub it. These don't necessarily mix very rub it. These don't necessarily mix very well because tempera sticks are really well because tempera sticks are really well because tempera sticks are really fast drying and you got to be really fast drying and you got to be really fast drying and you got to be really quick with it. And when you do rub them, quick with it. And when you do rub them, quick with it. And when you do rub them, they do tend to start rubbing off they do tend to start rubbing off they do tend to start rubbing off because they dry so quickly. These are because they dry so quickly. These are because they dry so quickly. These are layered with the pink under the or the layered with the pink under the or the layered with the pink under the or the blue under the pink and then the pink blue under the pink and then the pink blue under the pink and then the pink under the blue. So you can kind of get under the blue. So you can kind of get under the blue. So you can kind of get some different colors there. I wanted to some different colors there. I wanted to some different colors there. I wanted to do light over dark. And you can see that do light over dark. And you can see that do light over dark. And you can see that the light yellow since yellow is kind of the light yellow since yellow is kind of the light yellow since yellow is kind of a more translucent color anyway, it a more translucent color anyway, it a more translucent color anyway, it shows up but not it kind of tints the shows up but not it kind of tints the shows up but not it kind of tints the color more so than showing up very color more so than showing up very color more so than showing up very vibrantly. And then dark over light. the vibrantly. And then dark over light. the vibrantly. And then dark over light. the uh the dark color definitely just goes uh the dark color definitely just goes uh the dark color definitely just goes over and then I wanted to show the white over and then I wanted to show the white over and then I wanted to show the white over that dark color. Okay, these are over that dark color. Okay, these are over that dark color. Okay, these are somewhat water soluble. You can get like somewhat water soluble. You can get like somewhat water soluble. You can get like this beautiful watercolor effect, but do this beautiful watercolor effect, but do this beautiful watercolor effect, but do note since they dry so quickly that you note since they dry so quickly that you note since they dry so quickly that you won't like get a full wash like a won't like get a full wash like a won't like get a full wash like a watercolor. It will still show those watercolor. It will still show those watercolor. It will still show those marks there. So, just be aware of that. marks there. So, just be aware of that. marks there. So, just be aware of that. What surprised me here was that you can What surprised me here was that you can What surprised me here was that you can mix these, layer them on top of each mix these, layer them on top of each mix these, layer them on top of each other, and then get secondary colors. I other, and then get secondary colors. I other, and then get secondary colors. I was not expecting that. Um, because the was not expecting that. Um, because the was not expecting that. Um, because the mixture up here didn't go so well. But mixture up here didn't go so well. But mixture up here didn't go so well. But when you mix them with water, like this when you mix them with water, like this when you mix them with water, like this was, as you can see, I'd be smudging was, as you can see, I'd be smudging was, as you can see, I'd be smudging stuff, but this was blue topped with red stuff, but this was blue topped with red stuff, but this was blue topped with red to make purple, blue topped with yellow to make purple, blue topped with yellow to make purple, blue topped with yellow to make green, and then yellow topped to make green, and then yellow topped to make green, and then yellow topped with red to make uh orange. I was so with red to make uh orange. I was so with red to make uh orange. I was so shocked about being able to mix those shocked about being able to mix those shocked about being able to mix those colors. So, I'm excited to see what kind colors. So, I'm excited to see what kind colors. So, I'm excited to see what kind of beautiful color mixes you can get. of beautiful color mixes you can get. of beautiful color mixes you can get. And if you tend to like more muted or And if you tend to like more muted or And if you tend to like more muted or like dirtier mixed colors, like say for like dirtier mixed colors, like say for like dirtier mixed colors, like say for landscapes to get, you know, cuz ain't landscapes to get, you know, cuz ain't landscapes to get, you know, cuz ain't no grass green like that or like this. no grass green like that or like this. no grass green like that or like this. So, you want to try to mix and get like So, you want to try to mix and get like So, you want to try to mix and get like a muddier green, that's perfect. And a muddier green, that's perfect. And a muddier green, that's perfect. And then I just did some testing over here then I just did some testing over here then I just did some testing over here to see what kind of materials you could to see what kind of materials you could to see what kind of materials you could layer over it. Graphite is really shiny, layer over it. Graphite is really shiny, layer over it. Graphite is really shiny, but you can get it. Sharpie, fine liner, but you can get it. Sharpie, fine liner, but you can get it. Sharpie, fine liner, colored pencil, and neocolor twos. This colored pencil, and neocolor twos. This colored pencil, and neocolor twos. This is mixing a light um temper stick over is mixing a light um temper stick over is mixing a light um temper stick over the black, some colored pencil. As you the black, some colored pencil. As you the black, some colored pencil. As you can see, with the darker ones, you can't can see, with the darker ones, you can't can see, with the darker ones, you can't really see it, but with the lighter really see it, but with the lighter really see it, but with the lighter ones, you don't really get the color. ones, you don't really get the color. ones, you don't really get the color. So, I wouldn't maybe use black as a So, I wouldn't maybe use black as a So, I wouldn't maybe use black as a background if you're trying to get like background if you're trying to get like background if you're trying to get like those clear colors. And then the those clear colors. And then the those clear colors. And then the Neocolor twos, as you can see, light, Neocolor twos, as you can see, light, Neocolor twos, as you can see, light, dark. So yeah, those are some of the dark. So yeah, those are some of the dark. So yeah, those are some of the ways that you can use them. Again, super ways that you can use them. Again, super ways that you can use them. Again, super surprised that you can mix them and get surprised that you can mix them and get surprised that you can mix them and get those secondary colors. So I'm excited those secondary colors. So I'm excited those secondary colors. So I'm excited about the mixing capabilities of these. about the mixing capabilities of these. about the mixing capabilities of these. But yeah, those are the swatches. But yeah, those are the swatches. But yeah, those are the swatches. Remember that these are fast drying, so Remember that these are fast drying, so Remember that these are fast drying, so they can work in your sketchbook without they can work in your sketchbook without they can work in your sketchbook without smudging. These are the Jupiter Earth smudging. These are the Jupiter Earth smudging. These are the Jupiter Earth 36count temper sticks.