Welcome back to the channel or hi if Welcome back to the channel or hi if Welcome back to the channel or hi if you're new here. I'm Elise and today you're new here. I'm Elise and today you're new here. I'm Elise and today we're going to be learning how to we're going to be learning how to we're going to be learning how to crochet these super quick and easy crochet these super quick and easy crochet these super quick and easy amarroomi hearts. These are so quick and amarroomi hearts. These are so quick and amarroomi hearts. These are so quick and they are perfect if you have some yarn they are perfect if you have some yarn they are perfect if you have some yarn scraps to use up. These are beginner scraps to use up. These are beginner scraps to use up. These are beginner friendly, so I will be going over all of friendly, so I will be going over all of friendly, so I will be going over all of the stitches with you as we use them. the stitches with you as we use them. the stitches with you as we use them. And you can make these in really any And you can make these in really any And you can make these in really any size that you like by changing the yarn size that you like by changing the yarn size that you like by changing the yarn weight and hook size that you use. For weight and hook size that you use. For weight and hook size that you use. For my hearts here, I'm going to be using my hearts here, I'm going to be using my hearts here, I'm going to be using some worsted weight for acrylic yarn and some worsted weight for acrylic yarn and some worsted weight for acrylic yarn and a 4mm hook, but like I said, you can use a 4mm hook, but like I said, you can use a 4mm hook, but like I said, you can use any yarn and corresponding hook size to any yarn and corresponding hook size to any yarn and corresponding hook size to change the size of your heart. change the size of your heart. change the size of your heart. You're also going to need a pair of You're also going to need a pair of You're also going to need a pair of scissors and some filling for the middle scissors and some filling for the middle scissors and some filling for the middle of your heart. If you don't have of your heart. If you don't have of your heart. If you don't have polyfill, that is perfectly fine. You polyfill, that is perfectly fine. You polyfill, that is perfectly fine. You can just use some yarn scraps. That's can just use some yarn scraps. That's can just use some yarn scraps. That's what I did. what I did. what I did. And once we have everything, we are And once we have everything, we are And once we have everything, we are ready to go ahead and get started. ready to go ahead and get started. ready to go ahead and get started. Okay. Okay, to get started on our heart, Okay. Okay, to get started on our heart, Okay. Okay, to get started on our heart, the first thing we have to do is make a the first thing we have to do is make a the first thing we have to do is make a slip knot. To make a slip knot, we're slip knot. To make a slip knot, we're slip knot. To make a slip knot, we're going to wrap the yarn around two of our going to wrap the yarn around two of our going to wrap the yarn around two of our fingers and across just like this. Then fingers and across just like this. Then fingers and across just like this. Then I'm pinching that yarn tail with my I'm pinching that yarn tail with my I'm pinching that yarn tail with my thumb so it doesn't come undone. Then thumb so it doesn't come undone. Then thumb so it doesn't come undone. Then I'm taking my pointer finger on my other I'm taking my pointer finger on my other I'm taking my pointer finger on my other hand and I'm putting it under that first hand and I'm putting it under that first hand and I'm putting it under that first strand of yarn and over the second, just strand of yarn and over the second, just strand of yarn and over the second, just like that. Then I'm just flipping that like that. Then I'm just flipping that like that. Then I'm just flipping that second strand of yarn up and pulling it second strand of yarn up and pulling it second strand of yarn up and pulling it tight. tight. tight. Let's do that together one more time. Let's do that together one more time. Let's do that together one more time. Wrap the yarn around two of your fingers Wrap the yarn around two of your fingers Wrap the yarn around two of your fingers and across. Pinch the yarn tail with and across. Pinch the yarn tail with and across. Pinch the yarn tail with your thumb. Take your finger on your your thumb. Take your finger on your your thumb. Take your finger on your other hand and put it under the first other hand and put it under the first other hand and put it under the first strand of yarn and over the second. Then strand of yarn and over the second. Then strand of yarn and over the second. Then flip that second strand of yarn up and flip that second strand of yarn up and flip that second strand of yarn up and pull it tight to make your slip knot. pull it tight to make your slip knot. pull it tight to make your slip knot. Now that we have our slip knot, we can Now that we have our slip knot, we can Now that we have our slip knot, we can go ahead and put our hook into that go ahead and put our hook into that go ahead and put our hook into that loop. Pull on this yarn tail to go ahead loop. Pull on this yarn tail to go ahead loop. Pull on this yarn tail to go ahead and close that loop down around the and close that loop down around the and close that loop down around the hook. Just like that. hook. Just like that. hook. Just like that. And now we can make our chain. And now we can make our chain. And now we can make our chain. To make a chain, all you have to do is To make a chain, all you have to do is To make a chain, all you have to do is grab that yarn with the hook and pull it grab that yarn with the hook and pull it grab that yarn with the hook and pull it right through that loop. Again, grab the right through that loop. Again, grab the right through that loop. Again, grab the yarn and pull it right through that loop yarn and pull it right through that loop yarn and pull it right through that loop on the hook. Now, we're going to make on the hook. Now, we're going to make on the hook. Now, we're going to make six single crochets into the first chain six single crochets into the first chain six single crochets into the first chain that we made right there. So, go back that we made right there. So, go back that we made right there. So, go back into that very first chain that you into that very first chain that you into that very first chain that you made. Just like that. And to make a made. Just like that. And to make a made. Just like that. And to make a single crochet, we're going to yarn over single crochet, we're going to yarn over single crochet, we're going to yarn over and pull up a loop so that we have two and pull up a loop so that we have two and pull up a loop so that we have two loops on our hook. loops on our hook. loops on our hook. Then we will yarn over and pull through Then we will yarn over and pull through Then we will yarn over and pull through both of those loops on the hook. And both of those loops on the hook. And both of those loops on the hook. And there's our first single crochet. there's our first single crochet. there's our first single crochet. Again, go back into that same chain. Again, go back into that same chain. Again, go back into that same chain. Yarn over and pull up a loop. So that Yarn over and pull up a loop. So that Yarn over and pull up a loop. So that you have two loops on your hook. Yarn you have two loops on your hook. Yarn you have two loops on your hook. Yarn over and pull through both of those over and pull through both of those over and pull through both of those loops on the hook. And there's your loops on the hook. And there's your loops on the hook. And there's your second single crochet. second single crochet. second single crochet. So let's go ahead and do that four more So let's go ahead and do that four more So let's go ahead and do that four more times for a total of six single times for a total of six single times for a total of six single crochets. Just like that. Then I'm going to pull Just like that. Then I'm going to pull Just like that. Then I'm going to pull on this yarn tail at the back to go on this yarn tail at the back to go on this yarn tail at the back to go ahead and close up that circle a little ahead and close up that circle a little ahead and close up that circle a little bit. And then we're going to finish round one And then we're going to finish round one And then we're going to finish round one by making a slip stitch into the first by making a slip stitch into the first by making a slip stitch into the first single crochet that we made. So go ahead single crochet that we made. So go ahead single crochet that we made. So go ahead and find that very first single crochet and find that very first single crochet and find that very first single crochet that you made at the beginning of the that you made at the beginning of the that you made at the beginning of the round. round. round. Go under both of those loops at the top Go under both of those loops at the top Go under both of those loops at the top of the stitch. And to make a slip of the stitch. And to make a slip of the stitch. And to make a slip stitch, we're just going to yarn over stitch, we're just going to yarn over stitch, we're just going to yarn over and pull up a loop. And then pull that and pull up a loop. And then pull that and pull up a loop. And then pull that right through the loop on our hook to right through the loop on our hook to right through the loop on our hook to make a slip stitch. make a slip stitch. make a slip stitch. Okay, so we are all done with round one. Okay, so we are all done with round one. Okay, so we are all done with round one. Let's go ahead and start on round two. Let's go ahead and start on round two. Let's go ahead and start on round two. We're always going to start by chaining We're always going to start by chaining We're always going to start by chaining one. That will not count as a stitch. one. That will not count as a stitch. one. That will not count as a stitch. And now for round two, we're going to And now for round two, we're going to And now for round two, we're going to make two single crochets into every make two single crochets into every make two single crochets into every stitch all the way around. And we're stitch all the way around. And we're stitch all the way around. And we're going to start right here into this very going to start right here into this very going to start right here into this very first stitch. That is the same stitch first stitch. That is the same stitch first stitch. That is the same stitch that you made your slip stitch into. that you made your slip stitch into. that you made your slip stitch into. And like I said, we're going to make two And like I said, we're going to make two And like I said, we're going to make two single crochets into every stitch. So single crochets into every stitch. So single crochets into every stitch. So there is my first single crochet. I'm there is my first single crochet. I'm there is my first single crochet. I'm going back into that same stitch going back into that same stitch going back into that same stitch and making a second single crochet and making a second single crochet and making a second single crochet again. and going into the next stitch. again. and going into the next stitch. again. and going into the next stitch. Always make sure you're going under both Always make sure you're going under both Always make sure you're going under both of those loops at the top of every of those loops at the top of every of those loops at the top of every stitch. stitch. stitch. And there's one And there's one And there's one and two single crochets. and two single crochets. and two single crochets. So go ahead and keep making two single So go ahead and keep making two single So go ahead and keep making two single crochets into every stitch all the way crochets into every stitch all the way crochets into every stitch all the way around. And you should end round two around. And you should end round two around. And you should end round two with 12 single crochets in total. Okay, I'm at the end of round two. We're Okay, I'm at the end of round two. We're Okay, I'm at the end of round two. We're going to go ahead and finish up round going to go ahead and finish up round going to go ahead and finish up round two by making a slip stitch into the top two by making a slip stitch into the top two by making a slip stitch into the top of that first single crochet that we of that first single crochet that we of that first single crochet that we made. So, go ahead and find that first made. So, go ahead and find that first made. So, go ahead and find that first single crochet single crochet single crochet and make your slip stitch. and make your slip stitch. and make your slip stitch. That completes round two. Let's go ahead That completes round two. Let's go ahead That completes round two. Let's go ahead and start on round three. So, chain one. and start on round three. So, chain one. and start on round three. So, chain one. And now for round three, we're only And now for round three, we're only And now for round three, we're only going to put one single crochet into going to put one single crochet into going to put one single crochet into every stitch all the way around. Again, every stitch all the way around. Again, every stitch all the way around. Again, we're going to start right here into we're going to start right here into we're going to start right here into this very first stitch. That's the same this very first stitch. That's the same this very first stitch. That's the same stitch that we made our slip stitch stitch that we made our slip stitch stitch that we made our slip stitch into. into. into. And make one single crochet. And make one single crochet. And make one single crochet. One single crochet into the next stitch. One single crochet into the next stitch. One single crochet into the next stitch. One single crochet into the following One single crochet into the following One single crochet into the following stitch. stitch. stitch. And just keep repeating that all the way And just keep repeating that all the way And just keep repeating that all the way around. And you should end round three around. And you should end round three around. And you should end round three again with 12 stitches in total. Okay, so that completes round three. And Okay, so that completes round three. And Okay, so that completes round three. And you can see that it's starting to curl you can see that it's starting to curl you can see that it's starting to curl up a little bit. That is exactly what we up a little bit. That is exactly what we up a little bit. That is exactly what we want. Okay, so this is going to be the want. Okay, so this is going to be the want. Okay, so this is going to be the top of the first half of our heart. So top of the first half of our heart. So top of the first half of our heart. So we're going to go ahead and tie off. set we're going to go ahead and tie off. set we're going to go ahead and tie off. set this aside and do the exact same thing this aside and do the exact same thing this aside and do the exact same thing that we just did. So, let's go ahead and that we just did. So, let's go ahead and that we just did. So, let's go ahead and chain one, cut the yarn, pull that right up through that chain pull that right up through that chain pull that right up through that chain that you made, and pull it tight. that you made, and pull it tight. that you made, and pull it tight. And I'm just going to pull that yarn And I'm just going to pull that yarn And I'm just going to pull that yarn tail to the back so it doesn't get in tail to the back so it doesn't get in tail to the back so it doesn't get in the way. Okay, so there's the first piece of our Okay, so there's the first piece of our Okay, so there's the first piece of our heart. Go ahead and do the exact same heart. Go ahead and do the exact same heart. Go ahead and do the exact same thing through round three, but this time thing through round three, but this time thing through round three, but this time I don't want you to tie off. So, go I don't want you to tie off. So, go I don't want you to tie off. So, go ahead and rewind the video if you need ahead and rewind the video if you need ahead and rewind the video if you need to, but we want a second piece identical to, but we want a second piece identical to, but we want a second piece identical to this first one. Except in the second to this first one. Except in the second to this first one. Except in the second one, we are not going to tie off. So, go one, we are not going to tie off. So, go one, we are not going to tie off. So, go ahead and do that and I'll meet you ahead and do that and I'll meet you ahead and do that and I'll meet you right back here. right back here. right back here. Okay. So, I've got both of my pieces Okay. So, I've got both of my pieces Okay. So, I've got both of my pieces here, and we're going to go ahead and here, and we're going to go ahead and here, and we're going to go ahead and continue on first by attaching them continue on first by attaching them continue on first by attaching them together. So, without chaining one on together. So, without chaining one on together. So, without chaining one on the piece that I have not tied off on, the piece that I have not tied off on, the piece that I have not tied off on, I'm going to go ahead and go into this I'm going to go ahead and go into this I'm going to go ahead and go into this first piece that I made, you can go into first piece that I made, you can go into first piece that I made, you can go into any stitch any stitch any stitch along that last row that we made. Make along that last row that we made. Make along that last row that we made. Make sure you go under both of those loops, sure you go under both of those loops, sure you go under both of those loops, and we're just going to start making our and we're just going to start making our and we're just going to start making our single crochets. So, I'm going into that single crochets. So, I'm going into that single crochets. So, I'm going into that stitch on that first piece stitch on that first piece stitch on that first piece and making a single crochet. Okay. So, and making a single crochet. Okay. So, and making a single crochet. Okay. So, now those two pieces are attached now those two pieces are attached now those two pieces are attached together. So, what we're going to do now together. So, what we're going to do now together. So, what we're going to do now is we're just going to keep making our is we're just going to keep making our is we're just going to keep making our single crochets single crochets single crochets all the way around this first piece that all the way around this first piece that all the way around this first piece that we made all the way around. You should we made all the way around. You should we made all the way around. You should have 12 single crochets in total. As you have 12 single crochets in total. As you have 12 single crochets in total. As you go around this first piece, go around this first piece, go around this first piece, just making one single crochet into just making one single crochet into just making one single crochet into every stitch every stitch every stitch all the way around. Okay. So, once you've worked all the way Okay. So, once you've worked all the way Okay. So, once you've worked all the way around that first piece there, and around that first piece there, and around that first piece there, and you've made all 12 of your single you've made all 12 of your single you've made all 12 of your single crochets, we're going to go ahead and crochets, we're going to go ahead and crochets, we're going to go ahead and pick back up on this second piece here. pick back up on this second piece here. pick back up on this second piece here. So go right into that first stitch and So go right into that first stitch and So go right into that first stitch and make your next single crochet. make your next single crochet. make your next single crochet. Just like that. And now we're going to Just like that. And now we're going to Just like that. And now we're going to do the same thing on the second piece. do the same thing on the second piece. do the same thing on the second piece. So we're going to make one single So we're going to make one single So we're going to make one single crochet all the way around the second crochet all the way around the second crochet all the way around the second piece again for a total of 12 single piece again for a total of 12 single piece again for a total of 12 single crochets. So you should end this next row working So you should end this next row working So you should end this next row working around both pieces with 24 single around both pieces with 24 single around both pieces with 24 single crochets in total. Okay. So, once you've worked all the way Okay. So, once you've worked all the way Okay. So, once you've worked all the way around and you have all 24 of your around and you have all 24 of your around and you have all 24 of your single crochets around both of those single crochets around both of those single crochets around both of those pieces, we're going to go ahead and pieces, we're going to go ahead and pieces, we're going to go ahead and finish the round by making a slip finish the round by making a slip finish the round by making a slip stitch. And we're going to go right into stitch. And we're going to go right into stitch. And we're going to go right into that first stitch that we made right that first stitch that we made right that first stitch that we made right there in the middle. there in the middle. there in the middle. Just like that. Just like that. Just like that. And we'll start the next round by And we'll start the next round by And we'll start the next round by chaining one. chaining one. chaining one. And this next round, I'm going to call And this next round, I'm going to call And this next round, I'm going to call round five, is going to be our first round five, is going to be our first round five, is going to be our first decreasing round. So in round five, decreasing round. So in round five, decreasing round. So in round five, we're going to start off by making four we're going to start off by making four we're going to start off by making four single crochets. One in each of the next single crochets. One in each of the next single crochets. One in each of the next four stitches. four stitches. four stitches. We'll start right here into that same We'll start right here into that same We'll start right here into that same stitch that we made our slip stitch stitch that we made our slip stitch stitch that we made our slip stitch into. So there's one, into. So there's one, into. So there's one, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, and four. and four. and four. We're going to make our first decrease. We're going to make our first decrease. We're going to make our first decrease. To do that, we're going to do a single To do that, we're going to do a single To do that, we're going to do a single crochet two together. crochet two together. crochet two together. And to do that, we're going to start our And to do that, we're going to start our And to do that, we're going to start our first single crochet into that next first single crochet into that next first single crochet into that next stitch, but don't finish it. stitch, but don't finish it. stitch, but don't finish it. Then I'm going into the following Then I'm going into the following Then I'm going into the following stitch, yarning over, and pulling up a stitch, yarning over, and pulling up a stitch, yarning over, and pulling up a loop. so that I have three loops on my loop. so that I have three loops on my loop. so that I have three loops on my hook. Then I'm yarning over and pulling hook. Then I'm yarning over and pulling hook. Then I'm yarning over and pulling through all three of those loops on the through all three of those loops on the through all three of those loops on the hook. And that is my decrease or my hook. And that is my decrease or my hook. And that is my decrease or my single crochet two together. single crochet two together. single crochet two together. Now we're going to make our next four Now we're going to make our next four Now we're going to make our next four single crochets. single crochets. single crochets. So there's one and four. and four. and four. And now we'll make our next decrease. And now we'll make our next decrease. And now we'll make our next decrease. So start your next single crochet into So start your next single crochet into So start your next single crochet into that next stitch, but don't finish it. that next stitch, but don't finish it. that next stitch, but don't finish it. Then go into the following stitch. Yarn Then go into the following stitch. Yarn Then go into the following stitch. Yarn over and pull up a loop. Yarn over and over and pull up a loop. Yarn over and over and pull up a loop. Yarn over and pull through all three of those loops on pull through all three of those loops on pull through all three of those loops on the hook. And there is your next the hook. And there is your next the hook. And there is your next decrease. decrease. decrease. Make your next four single crochets. Make your next four single crochets. Make your next four single crochets. So there's one, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, and four. and four. and four. Make your next decrease. And then your next four single crochets. And then your next four single crochets. And then your next four single crochets. There's one, There's one, There's one, 2, 3, 3, 3, and four. And then our very last and four. And then our very last and four. And then our very last decrease should fall on the very last decrease should fall on the very last decrease should fall on the very last two stitches of the round. So if your two stitches of the round. So if your two stitches of the round. So if your decrease is not landing on the very last decrease is not landing on the very last decrease is not landing on the very last two stitches, something has gone wrong. two stitches, something has gone wrong. two stitches, something has gone wrong. Go ahead and rewind the video. Go ahead and rewind the video. Go ahead and rewind the video. But we're going to go ahead and make our But we're going to go ahead and make our But we're going to go ahead and make our last decrease along those last two last decrease along those last two last decrease along those last two stitches. Just like that. We'll finish the round Just like that. We'll finish the round Just like that. We'll finish the round by making our slip stitch into that by making our slip stitch into that by making our slip stitch into that first single crochet that we made at the first single crochet that we made at the first single crochet that we made at the beginning of the round. beginning of the round. beginning of the round. And we're ready to start on round six. And we're ready to start on round six. And we're ready to start on round six. So chain one. And now this time, instead So chain one. And now this time, instead So chain one. And now this time, instead of four single crochets between our of four single crochets between our of four single crochets between our decreases, we should have three single decreases, we should have three single decreases, we should have three single crochets between each one of our crochets between each one of our crochets between each one of our decreases. decreases. decreases. So go ahead and make three single So go ahead and make three single So go ahead and make three single crochets starting in that very first crochets starting in that very first crochets starting in that very first stitch, the same stitch that we made our stitch, the same stitch that we made our stitch, the same stitch that we made our slip stitch into. So there's one, slip stitch into. So there's one, slip stitch into. So there's one, 2, 2, 2, and three. and three. and three. Then we'll make our decrease our next three single crochets. So our next three single crochets. So our next three single crochets. So there's one, there's one, there's one, two, and three. and three. and three. Our next decrease. Then our next three single crochets. Then our next three single crochets. Then our next three single crochets. There's one, There's one, There's one, two, two, two, and three. and three. and three. Our next decrease. Our next decrease. Our next decrease. Our Our Our next three single crochets. And finally, our last decrease again And finally, our last decrease again And finally, our last decrease again should fall across the last two stitches should fall across the last two stitches should fall across the last two stitches of the round. of the round. of the round. So go ahead and make your last decrease So go ahead and make your last decrease So go ahead and make your last decrease along those last two stitches. Finish round six by making your slip Finish round six by making your slip Finish round six by making your slip stitch into that very first single stitch into that very first single stitch into that very first single crochet that you made at the beginning crochet that you made at the beginning crochet that you made at the beginning of the round. of the round. of the round. And that completes round six. And that completes round six. And that completes round six. Let's start round seven by chaining one. And for round seven, instead of three And for round seven, instead of three And for round seven, instead of three single crochets between our decreases, single crochets between our decreases, single crochets between our decreases, we're going to have two. we're going to have two. we're going to have two. So single crochet two starting in that So single crochet two starting in that So single crochet two starting in that very first stitch. very first stitch. very first stitch. There's one and two. And then we'll make There's one and two. And then we'll make There's one and two. And then we'll make our first decrease. Single crochet two. Single crochet two. Single crochet two. There's one and two. There's one and two. There's one and two. And then make your next decrease. Single crochet two and make your next decrease again. Single crochet two. And your last decrease should fall And your last decrease should fall And your last decrease should fall across the last two stitches. Finish up round seven by making your Finish up round seven by making your Finish up round seven by making your slip stitch into that first single slip stitch into that first single slip stitch into that first single crochet that you made. crochet that you made. crochet that you made. Okay, so at this point I'm going to go Okay, so at this point I'm going to go Okay, so at this point I'm going to go ahead and add some filling to my heart ahead and add some filling to my heart ahead and add some filling to my heart before that hole gets too small. And before that hole gets too small. And before that hole gets too small. And like I said at the beginning of the like I said at the beginning of the like I said at the beginning of the video, you can either use some yarn video, you can either use some yarn video, you can either use some yarn scraps or some polyfill, whatever you scraps or some polyfill, whatever you scraps or some polyfill, whatever you have. So I'm going to go grab that and have. So I'm going to go grab that and have. So I'm going to go grab that and we will add our filling and then finish we will add our filling and then finish we will add our filling and then finish up our heart. up our heart. up our heart. Okay, I've added my yarn scraps into my Okay, I've added my yarn scraps into my Okay, I've added my yarn scraps into my heart as you can see. heart as you can see. heart as you can see. So, we're going to go ahead and work on So, we're going to go ahead and work on So, we're going to go ahead and work on the next round. Start off by chaining the next round. Start off by chaining the next round. Start off by chaining one. one. one. And for this next round, we're going to And for this next round, we're going to And for this next round, we're going to be making our decrease every other be making our decrease every other be making our decrease every other stitch. So, we'll make one single stitch. So, we'll make one single stitch. So, we'll make one single crochet crochet crochet and then our decrease. one single crochet and then our decrease. One single crochet and our next One single crochet and our next One single crochet and our next decrease. One single crochet One single crochet One single crochet and then our last decrease. Again, that and then our last decrease. Again, that and then our last decrease. Again, that last decrease should fall across those last decrease should fall across those last decrease should fall across those last two stitches. Make your slip stitch into that first Make your slip stitch into that first Make your slip stitch into that first single crochet that you made at the single crochet that you made at the single crochet that you made at the beginning of the round. beginning of the round. beginning of the round. Okay, and we only have one more round to Okay, and we only have one more round to Okay, and we only have one more round to go. So, let's chain one. go. So, let's chain one. go. So, let's chain one. And as you may have guessed, for this And as you may have guessed, for this And as you may have guessed, for this very last round, we're going to be very last round, we're going to be very last round, we're going to be making decreases all the way around. You making decreases all the way around. You making decreases all the way around. You should end this round with four should end this round with four should end this round with four decreases in total. decreases in total. decreases in total. So there's my first decrease, my second decrease, my third decrease, and my fourth and final decrease. It's a little bit tricky here at the It's a little bit tricky here at the It's a little bit tricky here at the end. Finish up that last round by making end. Finish up that last round by making end. Finish up that last round by making your slip stitch into that very first your slip stitch into that very first your slip stitch into that very first decrease that you made. And that completes our heart. So, we're And that completes our heart. So, we're And that completes our heart. So, we're going to go ahead and finish it off by going to go ahead and finish it off by going to go ahead and finish it off by chaining one. Cut your yarn. Pull that right up through that chain Pull that right up through that chain Pull that right up through that chain that you made and pull it tight. that you made and pull it tight. that you made and pull it tight. And then we can weave it in by pulling And then we can weave it in by pulling And then we can weave it in by pulling it down through the center of the point it down through the center of the point it down through the center of the point of our heart. Okay, and you are all done with your Okay, and you are all done with your Okay, and you are all done with your heart. Thank you so much for watching. I heart. Thank you so much for watching. I heart. Thank you so much for watching. I really hope that you enjoyed the really hope that you enjoyed the really hope that you enjoyed the tutorial. Go ahead and let me know in tutorial. Go ahead and let me know in tutorial. Go ahead and let me know in the comments how your heart turned out the comments how your heart turned out the comments how your heart turned out and what you'd like to see next. and what you'd like to see next. and what you'd like to see next. Subscribe if you're not already. It's Subscribe if you're not already. It's Subscribe if you're not already. It's the easiest way you can help support the the easiest way you can help support the the easiest way you can help support the channel and my work for free and it channel and my work for free and it channel and my work for free and it really helps me out. really helps me out. really helps me out. And with all that being said, I will see And with all that being said, I will see And with all that being said, I will see you in the next one.