Under the watch of eyelids [Song voice] It's a Under the watch of eyelids [Song voice] It's a Under the watch of eyelids [Song voice] It's a moment [Music] Shadows of memories wrapped in the sheet moment [Music] Shadows of memories wrapped in the sheet moment [Music] Shadows of memories wrapped in the sheet of waves [Song voice] of waves [Song voice] of waves [Song voice] Paper boat [Music] I have been found Paper boat [Music] I have been found Paper boat [Music] I have been found as I was [Song voice] I thought it would not be like that, as I was [Song voice] I thought it would not be like that, as I was [Song voice] I thought it would not be like that, I have learnt to I have learnt to I have learnt to find peace [Song voice] I find peace [Song voice] I find peace [Song voice] I want passion, I will run away again [Music] I don't know, want passion, I will run away again [Music] I don't know, want passion, I will run away again [Music] I don't know, today is Teej day and I have sat down after spreading out some work.  Actually, what happens is that on the today is Teej day and I have sat down after spreading out some work.  Actually, what happens is that on the day of any festival, I do day of any festival, I do day of any festival, I do not do any extra work not do any extra work not do any extra work except watering my plants. except watering my plants. except watering my plants. But this was a little important work.  What happened was But this was a little important work.  What happened was But this was a little important work.  What happened was that some work was going on at home, so that some work was going on at home, so that some work was going on at home, so I changed the curtains also.  So I changed the curtains also.  So I changed the curtains also.  So when curtains from one place are placed at another place, there is a when curtains from one place are placed at another place, there is a when curtains from one place are placed at another place, there is a slight difference in the size.  That's why I am slight difference in the size.  That's why I am slight difference in the size.  That's why I am folding them from the bottom.  Now folding them from the bottom.  Now folding them from the bottom.  Now because these are great curtains.   They are because these are great curtains.   They are because these are great curtains.   They are good and their quality is also very good. good and their quality is also very good. good and their quality is also very good. I got them from Amazon.  I told you guys. I got them from Amazon.  I told you guys. I got them from Amazon.  I told you guys. So now to fold them properly, So now to fold them properly, I have pinned them up properly from the bottom.   I have done I have pinned them up properly from the bottom.   I have done I have pinned them up properly from the bottom.   I have done some marking etc. and measured it some marking etc. and measured it some marking etc. and measured it properly so that there is no difference anywhere. properly so that there is no difference anywhere. properly so that there is no difference anywhere. And I should And I should And I should not spoil this good thing because of any of my tricks. not spoil this good thing because of any of my tricks. not spoil this good thing because of any of my tricks. So that's why I am making them a little So that's why I am making them a little So that's why I am making them a little shorter in height now.  And look, shorter in height now.  And look, shorter in height now.  And look, I don't have to buy new curtains every time and these I don't have to buy new curtains every time and these I don't have to buy new curtains every time and these turned out to be good too.  So, I have to turned out to be good too.  So, I have to turned out to be good too.  So, I have to hang these in this way so that I can arrange that place in such a hang these in this way so that I can arrange that place in such a hang these in this way so that I can arrange that place in such a way that way that way that I can do some work there in the evening.  Like it I can do some work there in the evening.  Like it I can do some work there in the evening.  Like it is Teej today, so if I is Teej today, so if I is Teej today, so if I decorate something of Thakur ji there then it will be done well.  It should decorate something of Thakur ji there then it will be done well.  It should decorate something of Thakur ji there then it will be done well.  It should n't feel dirty there.  So n't feel dirty there.  So n't feel dirty there.  So I've folded all of this.  But I've folded all of this.  But I've folded all of this.  But yes, that's why my work could not be done.  Now I will yes, that's why my work could not be done.  Now I will yes, that's why my work could not be done.  Now I will also tell you further that also tell you further that also tell you further that where did my work stop even after hanging them.  So let's start the video. where did my work stop even after hanging them.  So let's start the video. Find peace [singing voice] I Find peace [singing voice] I Find peace [singing voice] I want the night I [music] still run away.   The want the night I [music] still run away.   The scenery [soundtrack of singing][music] scenery [soundtrack of singing][music] scenery [soundtrack of singing][music] changed.  I have plucked curry leaves because changed.  I have plucked curry leaves because changed.  I have plucked curry leaves because now I have to make breakfast.  So for that now I have to make breakfast.  So for that now I have to make breakfast.  So for that I will use these seeds. I will use these seeds. I will use these seeds. Although kheer is Although kheer is Although kheer is made from these, it also makes a very made from these, it also makes a very made from these, it also makes a very good breakfast.  So after frying them a little, good breakfast.  So after frying them a little, good breakfast.  So after frying them a little, add salt to water and boil them. add salt to water and boil them. add salt to water and boil them. And after that we will take some oil.   We will And after that we will take some oil.   We will And after that we will take some oil.   We will roast peanuts etc. in it.  If roast peanuts etc. in it.  If roast peanuts etc. in it.  If you want to add vegetables to it, then you want to add vegetables to it, then you want to add vegetables to it, then melt them a little.  Just after that we will prepare a melt them a little.  Just after that we will prepare a melt them a little.  Just after that we will prepare a good tempering of curry leaves, mustard and onion. good tempering of curry leaves, mustard and onion. good tempering of curry leaves, mustard and onion. Will add spices.  And at this time, Will add spices.  And at this time, Will add spices.  And at this time, if you want to add any vegetables etc. then if you want to add any vegetables etc. then if you want to add any vegetables etc. then add them. add them. add them. Take a little sip.  I have added only peanuts Take a little sip.  I have added only peanuts Take a little sip.  I have added only peanuts and these boiled and drained barley.  It and these boiled and drained barley.  It makes a great breakfast.  Looks tasty.  There is a slight makes a great breakfast.  Looks tasty.  There is a slight makes a great breakfast.  Looks tasty.  There is a slight change as well and you change as well and you change as well and you can make these jave from flour as well, however, these are can make these jave from flour as well, however, these are can make these jave from flour as well, however, these are made from refined flour. And now the direct clip that I am showing you is And now the direct clip that I am showing you is And now the direct clip that I am showing you is after I took a bath, I after I took a bath, I after I took a bath, I cleaned the temple of Thakur Ji upstairs cleaned the temple of Thakur Ji upstairs cleaned the temple of Thakur Ji upstairs and dressed him in his clothes etc. as per Teej today.  What is and dressed him in his clothes etc. as per Teej today.  What is and dressed him in his clothes etc. as per Teej today.  What is happening now? happening now? happening now? Painting is being done in that area due to which Painting is being done in that area due to which Painting is being done in that area due to which all the stuff is scattered there and there is a slight all the stuff is scattered there and there is a slight all the stuff is scattered there and there is a slight delay in painting also. delay in painting also. delay in painting also. I will tell you its reason later.  So that's why I could I will tell you its reason later.  So that's why I could I will tell you its reason later.  So that's why I could n't even shoot that because there was no space there to keep the camera. n't even shoot that because there was no space there to keep the camera. I have just cleaned the temple and dressed Thakur ji in I have just cleaned the temple and dressed Thakur ji in I have just cleaned the temple and dressed Thakur ji in green clothes.  I green clothes.  I green clothes.  I will show that also later and now the preparations that I have started are for the will show that also later and now the preparations that I have started are for the will show that also later and now the preparations that I have started are for the bhog dishes that will be made today. bhog dishes that will be made today. bhog dishes that will be made today. Now, normally I have not made sweets etc. for a long Now, normally I have not made sweets etc. for a long Now, normally I have not made sweets etc. for a long time because now I have time because now I have time because now I have also reduced my intake of sweets considerably. also reduced my intake of sweets considerably. also reduced my intake of sweets considerably. But I have kept the kheer for making. But I have kept the kheer for making. But I have kept the kheer for making. And along with this, when I don't understand something And along with this, when I don't understand something And along with this, when I don't understand something , then I soak moong dal and urad , then I soak moong dal and urad , then I soak moong dal and urad dal.  So some dal.  So some dal.  So some urad dal soaked curry and some moong urad dal soaked curry and some moong urad dal soaked curry and some moong dal and with these I will make today's delicious dal and with these I will make today's delicious dal and with these I will make today's delicious meal.   First of all I have ground both the pulses. I have ground both the pulses. I have ground both the pulses. But the moong dal has been But the moong dal has been ground very finely and by adding a little water.  But it is urad dal, it will have to be ground a little coarsely. ground very finely and by adding a little water.  But it is urad dal, it will have to be ground a little coarsely. ground very finely and by adding a little water.  But it is urad dal, it will have to be ground a little coarsely. And see, And see, And see, I have not added any water in it.  I just sprinkled some I have not added any water in it.  I just sprinkled some I have not added any water in it.  I just sprinkled some water on it and look, it looks something like this. water on it and look, it looks something like this. water on it and look, it looks something like this. And now let me And now let me And now let me tell you what we will use it for.  First of all, tell you what we will use it for.  First of all, tell you what we will use it for.  First of all, we will fry it by adding some cumin and spices we will fry it by adding some cumin and spices we will fry it by adding some cumin and spices and fry it well.   We will and fry it well.   We will and fry it well.   We will also add salt.  Now see, if you want to also add salt.  Now see, if you want to also add salt.  Now see, if you want to use it immediately, then whatever use it immediately, then whatever use it immediately, then whatever you use it for, you do you use it for, you do you use it for, you do not have to keep it for a long time.  So just not have to keep it for a long time.  So just not have to keep it for a long time.  So just fry it lightly.  Otherwise, if you fry it lightly.  Otherwise, if you fry it lightly.  Otherwise, if you want to keep any of its Kachori Samosas for a long time, then want to keep any of its Kachori Samosas for a long time, then want to keep any of its Kachori Samosas for a long time, then we will have to fry it a little more. we will have to fry it a little more. we will have to fry it a little more. See, I have roasted it lightly See, I have roasted it lightly See, I have roasted it lightly because I am going to make Kachori from it because I am going to make Kachori from it because I am going to make Kachori from it which tastes very tasty and does which tastes very tasty and does which tastes very tasty and does not burst.  So I will prepare this urad dal kachori not burst.  So I will prepare this urad dal kachori not burst.  So I will prepare this urad dal kachori and this is moong dal kachori. and this is moong dal kachori. and this is moong dal kachori. I have whipped it up very well. I have whipped it up very well. I have whipped it up very well. And it has to be beaten so much that its colour also becomes And it has to be beaten so much that its colour also becomes And it has to be beaten so much that its colour also becomes white.  That means it should turn white [music]. white.  That means it should turn white [music]. white.  That means it should turn white [music]. In the moment [singing voice] I have In the moment [singing voice] I have made small moong dal balls like this with memories wrapped in it and then fried them till golden brown made small moong dal balls like this with memories wrapped in it and then fried them till golden brown made small moong dal balls like this with memories wrapped in it and then fried them till golden brown and then took them out in water. and then took them out in water. and then took them out in water. We make a lot of things from this.  So We make a lot of things from this.  So We make a lot of things from this.  So I am preparing it for raita.  I will I am preparing it for raita.  I will I am preparing it for raita.  I will make raita from these which make raita from these which make raita from these which tastes exactly like Dahi Bhalla.  It tastes good. tastes exactly like Dahi Bhalla.  It tastes good. tastes exactly like Dahi Bhalla.  It tastes good. Just keep in mind that it Just keep in mind that it Just keep in mind that it is very important to beat it well and it lasts for is very important to beat it well and it lasts for is very important to beat it well and it lasts for two-three days at most. two-three days at most. two-three days at most. Children eat it by adding a lot of dry ginger etc. in it Children eat it by adding a lot of dry ginger etc. in it Children eat it by adding a lot of dry ginger etc. in it and if they don't understand anything then and if they don't understand anything then and if they don't understand anything then I make a good potato curry.  And what do I do for him I make a good potato curry.  And what do I do for him I make a good potato curry.  And what do I do for him ?  I make a thin paste of ginger and green chillies ?  I make a thin paste of ginger and green chillies ?  I make a thin paste of ginger and green chillies and and and make a little tomato paste separately.  Just make a little tomato paste separately.  Just make a little tomato paste separately.  Just what to do after that?  Added some cumin seeds and what to do after that?  Added some cumin seeds and what to do after that?  Added some cumin seeds and kasuri methi and also added ginger and green kasuri methi and also added ginger and green kasuri methi and also added ginger and green chilli paste.  Fry it chilli paste.  Fry it chilli paste.  Fry it and add tomato paste to it.   We will and add tomato paste to it.   We will and add tomato paste to it.   We will add all the spices.  We will fry it a little add all the spices.  We will fry it a little add all the spices.  We will fry it a little and then add water directly into it and then we will and then add water directly into it and then we will and then add water directly into it and then we will add boiled potatoes.  And yes, don't add boiled potatoes.  And yes, don't add boiled potatoes.  And yes, don't forget to add salt.  And when forget to add salt.  And when forget to add salt.  And when this vegetable is cooked well, then this vegetable is cooked well, then this vegetable is cooked well, then add garam masala and dry mango powder on top.   A nice add garam masala and dry mango powder on top.   A nice vegetable to go with our good Puri is ready. vegetable to go with our good Puri is ready. vegetable to go with our good Puri is ready. Laharon Ki Chadar Laharon Ki Chadar Laharon Ki Chadar [song sound] [music] When [song sound] [music] When [song sound] [music] When Shanu came to the kitchen, I asked him to beat the curd Shanu came to the kitchen, I asked him to beat the curd Shanu came to the kitchen, I asked him to beat the curd because I was going to because I was going to make raita from these moong dal puris.  It is very easy.  Look make raita from these moong dal puris.  It is very easy.  Look make raita from these moong dal puris.  It is very easy.  Look how soft they become and how soft they become and how soft they become and even Kanji Vada can be made from them.  Just even Kanji Vada can be made from them.  Just even Kanji Vada can be made from them.  Just put them in curd.  Add coriander and lots of put them in curd.  Add coriander and lots of put them in curd.  Add coriander and lots of different types of spices that you want to eat. different types of spices that you want to eat. Add mint leaves powder and the taste will improve.  And in this Add mint leaves powder and the taste will improve.  And in this Add mint leaves powder and the taste will improve.  And in this way you can also make makhana raita. way you can also make makhana raita. way you can also make makhana raita. So just don't do anything in that either. So just don't do anything in that either. So just don't do anything in that either. Roast the makhana and once it is Roast the makhana and once it is Roast the makhana and once it is fried well, we will fried well, we will fried well, we will add curd and spices to it and the makhana add curd and spices to it and the makhana add curd and spices to it and the makhana raita will be ready and raita will be ready and raita will be ready and you can also roast the makhanas well in the air fryer.  They you can also roast the makhanas well in the air fryer.  They you can also roast the makhanas well in the air fryer.  They become great.  I become great.  I become great.  I make this a lot.  This was the last thing I make this a lot.  This was the last thing I make this a lot.  This was the last thing I made.  So if you know how to make two-three types of raita, then the made.  So if you know how to make two-three types of raita, then the made.  So if you know how to make two-three types of raita, then the food gets a food gets a food gets a slightly different taste.  A slightly different taste.  A slightly different taste.  A variety comes. variety comes. variety comes. I had told you about pineapple raita, it also tastes I had told you about pineapple raita, it also tastes I had told you about pineapple raita, it also tastes very good. very good. very good. [Music] I've [Music] I've [Music] I've found a boat found a boat found a boat like it was [Song voice] [Music] I thought like it was [Song voice] [Music] I thought like it was [Song voice] [Music] I thought you you you could use the moong dal pods for vegetables too.  Just could use the moong dal pods for vegetables too.  Just could use the moong dal pods for vegetables too.  Just grind tomatoes, ginger and green chillies. grind tomatoes, ginger and green chillies. grind tomatoes, ginger and green chillies. Put them in ghee along with cumin seeds, add spices and salt and Put them in ghee along with cumin seeds, add spices and salt and Put them in ghee along with cumin seeds, add spices and salt and fry them and the gravy will be ready fry them and the gravy will be ready fry them and the gravy will be ready and put these badis in this gravy. and put these badis in this gravy. and put these badis in this gravy. So a very good vegetable to eat with a puri So a very good vegetable to eat with a puri So a very good vegetable to eat with a puri is ready.  Generally, is ready.  Generally, is ready.  Generally, when I make vegetables for Puri or Kachori, I when I make vegetables for Puri or Kachori, I when I make vegetables for Puri or Kachori, I keep the spices a little spicy.   I have keep the spices a little spicy.   I have keep the spices a little spicy.   I have learnt [music] learnt [music] learnt [music] and now I have added salt and a little cooking and now I have added salt and a little cooking and now I have added salt and a little cooking oil and made roti-like dough oil and made roti-like dough oil and made roti-like dough for kachori.  And look, this urad dal for kachori.  And look, this urad dal for kachori.  And look, this urad dal which I had roasted well, which I had roasted well, which I had roasted well, I filled it and made kachori.  Thin.   Does I filled it and made kachori.  Thin.   Does I filled it and made kachori.  Thin.   Does not burst at all.  They bloom profusely. not burst at all.  They bloom profusely. not burst at all.  They bloom profusely. Crispy Kachoris taste very delicious.  If you Crispy Kachoris taste very delicious.  If you Crispy Kachoris taste very delicious.  If you add some semolina and gram flour to the flour, add some semolina and gram flour to the flour, add some semolina and gram flour to the flour, these Kachoris will become even better. these Kachoris will become even better. these Kachoris will become even better. I wish that in I wish that in I wish that in this way [music] my this way [music] my this way [music] my big work of offering the food is completed and the responsibility of offering the food remains with big work of offering the food is completed and the responsibility of offering the food remains with big work of offering the food is completed and the responsibility of offering the food remains with Karan.  So he Karan.  So he Karan.  So he prepares all the offerings.  I will apply it completely and prepares all the offerings.  I will apply it completely and prepares all the offerings.  I will apply it completely and give it to him.  He is the one who offers food to Thakur ji. give it to him.  He is the one who offers food to Thakur ji. give it to him.  He is the one who offers food to Thakur ji. And for the Tulsi leaves that we And for the Tulsi leaves that we And for the Tulsi leaves that we need for offering, I have need for offering, I have need for offering, I have planted Tulsi on the roof.  They are used in three-four big pots. planted Tulsi on the roof.  They are used in three-four big pots. Still running [Music] Still running [Music] Still running [Music] Go Go Go and see this paint job going on.  So and see this paint job going on.  So and see this paint job going on.  So it is so spread out that all the stuff of this room it is so spread out that all the stuff of this room it is so spread out that all the stuff of this room is kept outside near the temple and is kept outside near the temple and is kept outside near the temple and painting work is going on there too.  So there is a painting work is going on there too.  So there is a painting work is going on there too.  So there is a lot of work spread across both the places.  So, I am getting small work done in lot of work spread across both the places.  So, I am getting small work done in lot of work spread across both the places.  So, I am getting small work done in different small parts of the house, different small parts of the house, due to which the work has spread a lot. Where are the unknown winds?   There is no work going on upstairs, so no work going on upstairs, so no work going on upstairs, so after preparing the offerings, I have after preparing the offerings, I have moved whatever little stuff I could to one side so that I can perform the puja. moved whatever little stuff I could to one side so that I can perform the puja. moved whatever little stuff I could to one side so that I can perform the puja. Actually, I had changed Thakur ji's clothes etc. Actually, I had changed Thakur ji's clothes etc. Actually, I had changed Thakur ji's clothes etc. in the morning itself and now in the morning itself and now in the morning itself and now I wore a saree just like that I wore a saree just like that I wore a saree just like that because look, this time because look, this time because look, this time I have not applied mehendi on Teej but after getting ready I have not applied mehendi on Teej but after getting ready I have not applied mehendi on Teej but after getting ready I have to do some puja, I will do that, it is I have to do some puja, I will do that, it is I have to do some puja, I will do that, it is evening time, so at this time I am evening time, so at this time I am evening time, so at this time I am just going to do the puja and what happened is that so much just going to do the puja and what happened is that so much just going to do the puja and what happened is that so much work is spread out, I mean work is spread out, I mean work is spread out, I mean painting is also being done, PVC is also being applied and there was painting is also being done, PVC is also being applied and there was painting is also being done, PVC is also being applied and there was a little a little a little mistake in the painting that is being done, I mean the mistake right now, mistake in the painting that is being done, I mean the mistake right now, mistake in the painting that is being done, I mean the mistake right now, I will show you because of which the work got delayed by one more day. I will show you because of which the work got delayed by one more day. I will show you because of which the work got delayed by one more day. Otherwise, as per my planning, Otherwise, as per my planning, all the work should have been completed today on Teej.  Actually what happened was that there were all the work should have been completed today on Teej.  Actually what happened was that there were some marks on the wall, so putty etc. had to be applied, but some marks on the wall, so putty etc. had to be applied, but some marks on the wall, so putty etc. had to be applied, but that could not be done properly that could not be done properly that could not be done properly due to which the painting was due to which the painting was due to which the painting was not done properly.  So right now all the stuff is not done properly.  So right now all the stuff is not done properly.  So right now all the stuff is spread out there.  So spread out there.  So spread out there.  So I have just moved a little bit of that to one side.   It will be I have just moved a little bit of that to one side.   It will be I have just moved a little bit of that to one side.   It will be painted once more.  Meaning the painted once more.  Meaning the painted once more.  Meaning the work there is not yet completed. work there is not yet completed. work there is not yet completed. I will stop the work after getting it painted because I will stop the work after getting it painted because I will stop the work after getting it painted because after that I have to pay attention to other festivals that are coming up. after that I have to pay attention to other festivals that are coming up. after that I have to pay attention to other festivals that are coming up. So when work is going on, So when work is going on, So when work is going on, we are not able to focus much on our festivals. we are not able to focus much on our festivals. we are not able to focus much on our festivals. It just becomes a It just becomes a It just becomes a formality.  So that's why formality.  So that's why formality.  So that's why after I get that done, I will after I get that done, I will after I get that done, I will stop the work for a little while.  I will only get the most important stop the work for a little while.  I will only get the most important stop the work for a little while.  I will only get the most important work done.  Everything else will happen work done.  Everything else will happen work done.  Everything else will happen only after Janmashtami.  So just look, it got only after Janmashtami.  So just look, it got only after Janmashtami.  So just look, it got ready like this.  I have taken out an old saree ready like this.  I have taken out an old saree ready like this.  I have taken out an old saree and it is very heavy and look and it is very heavy and look and it is very heavy and look how much I am sweating.  Now how much I am sweating.  Now how much I am sweating.  Now I will do the puja wearing this and I am going upstairs now.   I will I will do the puja wearing this and I am going upstairs now.   I will do whatever little puja I want, like lighting lamps, swinging Thakur ji in a swing, etc.  I have do whatever little puja I want, like lighting lamps, swinging Thakur ji in a swing, etc.  I have do whatever little puja I want, like lighting lamps, swinging Thakur ji in a swing, etc.  I have n't decorated the swing at all.  I will make n't decorated the swing at all.  I will make n't decorated the swing at all.  I will make Thakur ji sit like this and I am going upstairs. Now look, curtains have been removed from some places and Now look, curtains have been removed from some places and Now look, curtains have been removed from some places and put up from others.  And the half part of this temple put up from others.  And the half part of this temple put up from others.  And the half part of this temple cannot be captured in the camera cannot be captured in the camera cannot be captured in the camera because I could not find a place to keep the camera. because I could not find a place to keep the camera. because I could not find a place to keep the camera. So see, in the morning I had got Thakur ji So see, in the morning I had got Thakur ji So see, in the morning I had got Thakur ji ready.  So I made ready.  So I made ready.  So I made them wear green clothes and them wear green clothes and them wear green clothes and now I will set up a temple outside and swing both Radha now I will set up a temple outside and swing both Radha now I will set up a temple outside and swing both Radha Rani and Thakur ji there. Rani and Thakur ji there. Rani and Thakur ji there. But look here, there was no space at all. But look here, there was no space at all. But look here, there was no space at all. This is what actually happens.  If I This is what actually happens.  If I This is what actually happens.  If I tell you something, it is tell you something, it is tell you something, it is very difficult to make anything perfect.  It is not so easy very difficult to make anything perfect.  It is not so easy very difficult to make anything perfect.  It is not so easy because there is a lot of work to be done at home. because there is a lot of work to be done at home. because there is a lot of work to be done at home. But I probably never let any festival go by But I probably never let any festival go by But I probably never let any festival go by empty.   I do only a empty.   I do only a empty.   I do only a little.  But yes, I make that day little.  But yes, I make that day little.  But yes, I make that day different.  Meaning, even by doing a small task, different.  Meaning, even by doing a small task, different.  Meaning, even by doing a small task, I try to make it special. I try to make it special. I try to make it special. Now, after the prayers, I had to finish the kitchen work. Now, after the prayers, I had to finish the kitchen work. Now, after the prayers, I had to finish the kitchen work. So as I So as I So as I told you, I have told you, I have told you, I have planted flowers etc. in the place that I had made.  But planted flowers etc. in the place that I had made.  But planted flowers etc. in the place that I had made.  But even on the terrace, where I have created that space, there even on the terrace, where I have created that space, there even on the terrace, where I have created that space, there is a lot of stuff on that table because is a lot of stuff on that table because is a lot of stuff on that table because work is going on on the terrace too.  So if work is going on on the terrace too.  So if work is going on on the terrace too.  So if I tell you that I did anything very perfectly, then I have I tell you that I did anything very perfectly, then I have I tell you that I did anything very perfectly, then I have not done anything so perfectly.  But not done anything so perfectly.  But not done anything so perfectly.  But yes, today was quite different from my regular days.  The yes, today was quite different from my regular days.  The yes, today was quite different from my regular days.  The children children children ate very good food, now ate very good food, now ate very good food, now I use less oily food, cook it less I use less oily food, cook it less I use less oily food, cook it less and we sat and talked a lot. and we sat and talked a lot. and we sat and talked a lot. We also We also We also tried to do something a little special with Thakur ji.  So in this tried to do something a little special with Thakur ji.  So in this tried to do something a little special with Thakur ji.  So in this way, any day when it seems that way, any day when it seems that way, any day when it seems that we cannot do anything, we cannot do anything, we cannot do anything, we make it special by doing a little something.  It becomes we make it special by doing a little something.  It becomes we make it special by doing a little something.  It becomes very difficult to work with saree. very difficult to work with saree. very difficult to work with saree. Look how hot it is. Look how hot it is. Look how hot it is. So guys, that was my video for today and So guys, that was my video for today and So guys, that was my video for today and yes, I want to tell you that if you yes, I want to tell you that if you yes, I want to tell you that if you like anything, then you guys should like anything, then you guys should like anything, then you guys should definitely follow my Instagram as well.  Same definitely follow my Instagram as well.  Same definitely follow my Instagram as well.  Same name [music] Catch life with me. name [music] Catch life with me. name [music] Catch life with me. If you go there and follow me, If you go there and follow me, If you go there and follow me, I will get more motivation. I will get more motivation. I will get more motivation. So this was my video for today.  Do So this was my video for today.  Do So this was my video for today.  Do tell me how you liked it.  If you like it, don't forget to like, comment and share. tell me how you liked it.  If you like it, don't forget to like, comment and share. tell me how you liked it.  If you like it, don't forget to like, comment and share. So see you again So see you again So see you again with a new and interesting video.  Until then, with a new and interesting video.  Until then, with a new and interesting video.  Until then, okay friends [music] thank you and okay friends [music] thank you and okay friends [music] thank you and bye bye. bye bye. bye bye. Sukoon [singing voice] I want Sukoon [singing voice] I want Sukoon [singing voice] I want Noon Me