Under the watch of eyelids [Song voice] It's a
moment [Music] Shadows of memories wrapped in the sheet
of waves [Song voice]
Paper boat [Music] I have been found
as I was [Song voice] I thought it would not be like that,
I have learnt to
find peace [Song voice] I
want passion, I will run away again [Music] I don't know,
today is Teej day and I have sat down after spreading out some work. Actually, what happens is that on the
day of any festival, I do
not do any extra work
except watering my plants.
But this was a little important work. What happened was
that some work was going on at home, so
I changed the curtains also. So
when curtains from one place are placed at another place, there is a
slight difference in the size. That's why I am
folding them from the bottom. Now
because these are great curtains. They are
good and their quality is also very good.
I got them from Amazon. I told you guys.
So now to fold them properly,
I have pinned them up properly from the bottom. I have done
some marking etc. and measured it
properly so that there is no difference anywhere.
And I should
not spoil this good thing because of any of my tricks.
So that's why I am making them a little
shorter in height now. And look,
I don't have to buy new curtains every time and these
turned out to be good too. So, I have to
hang these in this way so that I can arrange that place in such a
way that
I can do some work there in the evening. Like it
is Teej today, so if I
decorate something of Thakur ji there then it will be done well. It should
n't feel dirty there. So
I've folded all of this. But
yes, that's why my work could not be done. Now I will
also tell you further that
where did my work stop even after hanging them. So let's start the video.
Find peace [singing voice] I
want the night I [music] still run away. The
scenery [soundtrack of singing][music]
changed. I have plucked curry leaves because
now I have to make breakfast. So for that
I will use these seeds.
Although kheer is
made from these, it also makes a very
good breakfast. So after frying them a little,
add salt to water and boil them.
And after that we will take some oil. We will
roast peanuts etc. in it. If
you want to add vegetables to it, then
melt them a little. Just after that we will prepare a
good tempering of curry leaves, mustard and onion.
Will add spices. And at this time,
if you want to add any vegetables etc. then
add them.
Take a little sip. I have added only peanuts
and these boiled and drained barley. It
makes a great breakfast. Looks tasty. There is a slight
change as well and you
can make these jave from flour as well, however, these are
made from refined flour.
And now the direct clip that I am showing you is
after I took a bath, I
cleaned the temple of Thakur Ji upstairs
and dressed him in his clothes etc. as per Teej today. What is
happening now?
Painting is being done in that area due to which
all the stuff is scattered there and there is a slight
delay in painting also.
I will tell you its reason later. So that's why I could
n't even shoot that because there was no space there to keep the camera.
I have just cleaned the temple and dressed Thakur ji in
green clothes. I
will show that also later and now the preparations that I have started are for the
bhog dishes that will be made today.
Now, normally I have not made sweets etc. for a long
time because now I have
also reduced my intake of sweets considerably.
But I have kept the kheer for making.
And along with this, when I don't understand something
, then I soak moong dal and urad
dal. So some
urad dal soaked curry and some moong
dal and with these I will make today's delicious
meal. First of all
I have ground both the pulses.
But the moong dal has been
ground very finely and by adding a little water. But it is urad dal, it will have to be ground a little coarsely.
And see,
I have not added any water in it. I just sprinkled some
water on it and look, it looks something like this.
And now let me
tell you what we will use it for. First of all,
we will fry it by adding some cumin and spices
and fry it well. We will
also add salt. Now see, if you want to
use it immediately, then whatever
you use it for, you do
not have to keep it for a long time. So just
fry it lightly. Otherwise, if you
want to keep any of its Kachori Samosas for a long time, then
we will have to fry it a little more.
See, I have roasted it lightly
because I am going to make Kachori from it
which tastes very tasty and does
not burst. So I will prepare this urad dal kachori
and this is moong dal kachori.
I have whipped it up very well.
And it has to be beaten so much that its colour also becomes
white. That means it should turn white [music].
In the moment [singing voice] I have
made small moong dal balls like this with memories wrapped in it and then fried them till golden brown
and then took them out in water.
We make a lot of things from this. So
I am preparing it for raita. I will
make raita from these which
tastes exactly like Dahi Bhalla. It tastes good.
Just keep in mind that it
is very important to beat it well and it lasts for
two-three days at most.
Children eat it by adding a lot of dry ginger etc. in it
and if they don't understand anything then
I make a good potato curry. And what do I do for him
? I make a thin paste of ginger and green chillies
and
make a little tomato paste separately. Just
what to do after that? Added some cumin seeds and
kasuri methi and also added ginger and green
chilli paste. Fry it
and add tomato paste to it. We will
add all the spices. We will fry it a little
and then add water directly into it and then we will
add boiled potatoes. And yes, don't
forget to add salt. And when
this vegetable is cooked well, then
add garam masala and dry mango powder on top. A nice
vegetable to go with our good Puri is ready.
Laharon Ki Chadar
[song sound] [music] When
Shanu came to the kitchen, I asked him to beat the curd
because I was going to
make raita from these moong dal puris. It is very easy. Look
how soft they become and
even Kanji Vada can be made from them. Just
put them in curd. Add coriander and lots of
different types of spices that you want to eat.
Add mint leaves powder and the taste will improve. And in this
way you can also make makhana raita.
So just don't do anything in that either.
Roast the makhana and once it is
fried well, we will
add curd and spices to it and the makhana
raita will be ready and
you can also roast the makhanas well in the air fryer. They
become great. I
make this a lot. This was the last thing I
made. So if you know how to make two-three types of raita, then the
food gets a
slightly different taste. A
variety comes.
I had told you about pineapple raita, it also tastes
very good.
[Music] I've
found a boat
like it was [Song voice] [Music] I thought
you
could use the moong dal pods for vegetables too. Just
grind tomatoes, ginger and green chillies.
Put them in ghee along with cumin seeds, add spices and salt and
fry them and the gravy will be ready
and put these badis in this gravy.
So a very good vegetable to eat with a puri
is ready. Generally,
when I make vegetables for Puri or Kachori, I
keep the spices a little spicy. I have
learnt [music]
and now I have added salt and a little cooking
oil and made roti-like dough
for kachori. And look, this urad dal
which I had roasted well,
I filled it and made kachori. Thin. Does
not burst at all. They bloom profusely.
Crispy Kachoris taste very delicious. If you
add some semolina and gram flour to the flour,
these Kachoris will become even better.
I wish that in
this way [music] my
big work of offering the food is completed and the responsibility of offering the food remains with
Karan. So he
prepares all the offerings. I will apply it completely and
give it to him. He is the one who offers food to Thakur ji.
And for the Tulsi leaves that we
need for offering, I have
planted Tulsi on the roof. They are used in three-four big pots.
Still running [Music]
Go
and see this paint job going on. So
it is so spread out that all the stuff of this room
is kept outside near the temple and
painting work is going on there too. So there is a
lot of work spread across both the places. So, I am getting small work done in
different small parts of the house,
due to which the work has spread a lot.
Where are the unknown winds? There is
no work going on upstairs, so
after preparing the offerings, I have
moved whatever little stuff I could to one side so that I can perform the puja.
Actually, I had changed Thakur ji's clothes etc.
in the morning itself and now
I wore a saree just like that
because look, this time
I have not applied mehendi on Teej but after getting ready
I have to do some puja, I will do that, it is
evening time, so at this time I am
just going to do the puja and what happened is that so much
work is spread out, I mean
painting is also being done, PVC is also being applied and there was
a little
mistake in the painting that is being done, I mean the mistake right now,
I will show you because of which the work got delayed by one more day.
Otherwise, as per my planning,
all the work should have been completed today on Teej. Actually what happened was that there were
some marks on the wall, so putty etc. had to be applied, but
that could not be done properly
due to which the painting was
not done properly. So right now all the stuff is
spread out there. So
I have just moved a little bit of that to one side. It will be
painted once more. Meaning the
work there is not yet completed.
I will stop the work after getting it painted because
after that I have to pay attention to other festivals that are coming up.
So when work is going on,
we are not able to focus much on our festivals.
It just becomes a
formality. So that's why
after I get that done, I will
stop the work for a little while. I will only get the most important
work done. Everything else will happen
only after Janmashtami. So just look, it got
ready like this. I have taken out an old saree
and it is very heavy and look
how much I am sweating. Now
I will do the puja wearing this and I am going upstairs now. I will
do whatever little puja I want, like lighting lamps, swinging Thakur ji in a swing, etc. I have
n't decorated the swing at all. I will make
Thakur ji sit like this and I am going upstairs.
Now look, curtains have been removed from some places and
put up from others. And the half part of this temple
cannot be captured in the camera
because I could not find a place to keep the camera.
So see, in the morning I had got Thakur ji
ready. So I made
them wear green clothes and
now I will set up a temple outside and swing both Radha
Rani and Thakur ji there.
But look here, there was no space at all.
This is what actually happens. If I
tell you something, it is
very difficult to make anything perfect. It is not so easy
because there is a lot of work to be done at home.
But I probably never let any festival go by
empty. I do only a
little. But yes, I make that day
different. Meaning, even by doing a small task,
I try to make it special.
Now, after the prayers, I had to finish the kitchen work.
So as I
told you, I have
planted flowers etc. in the place that I had made. But
even on the terrace, where I have created that space, there
is a lot of stuff on that table because
work is going on on the terrace too. So if
I tell you that I did anything very perfectly, then I have
not done anything so perfectly. But
yes, today was quite different from my regular days. The
children
ate very good food, now
I use less oily food, cook it less
and we sat and talked a lot.
We also
tried to do something a little special with Thakur ji. So in this
way, any day when it seems that
we cannot do anything,
we make it special by doing a little something. It becomes
very difficult to work with saree.
Look how hot it is.
So guys, that was my video for today and
yes, I want to tell you that if you
like anything, then you guys should
definitely follow my Instagram as well. Same
name [music] Catch life with me.
If you go there and follow me,
I will get more motivation.
So this was my video for today. Do
tell me how you liked it. If you like it, don't forget to like, comment and share.
So see you again
with a new and interesting video. Until then,
okay friends [music] thank you and
bye bye.
Sukoon [singing voice] I want
Noon Me
