This house of ours will be demolished at 12:00 at night. This house of ours will be demolished at 12:00 at night. This house of ours will be demolished at 12:00 at night. I never even thought about it.  Let me I never even thought about it.  Let me I never even thought about it.  Let me tell you from the beginning how this happened. tell you from the beginning how this happened. tell you from the beginning how this happened. Look, after the rains come, Look, after the rains come, Look, after the rains come, we keep these goats inside so that they do not get we keep these goats inside so that they do not get we keep these goats inside so that they do not get sick due to the rain.  Thank God that today sick due to the rain.  Thank God that today sick due to the rain.  Thank God that today our goats were saved and alive. our goats were saved and alive. our goats were saved and alive. Because I slept late at 12:00 in the night, I Because I slept late at 12:00 in the night, I Because I slept late at 12:00 in the night, I woke up late in the morning and when I came upstairs, I saw that woke up late in the morning and when I came upstairs, I saw that woke up late in the morning and when I came upstairs, I saw that all the tea was still lying there as it was last all the tea was still lying there as it was last all the tea was still lying there as it was last night. Look, there was a time like this.  We used to night. Look, there was a time like this.  We used to night. Look, there was a time like this.  We used to sleep under these tins.  But we sleep under these tins.  But we sleep under these tins.  But we placed it on top and adjusted it for the goats placed it on top and adjusted it for the goats placed it on top and adjusted it for the goats so that the so that the so that the goats could live comfortably in it during the rains.  That's why goats could live comfortably in it during the rains.  That's why goats could live comfortably in it during the rains.  That's why I opened a YouTube channel so that I opened a YouTube channel so that I opened a YouTube channel so that with your love and support I with your love and support I with your love and support I can build a nice home here.  It has been 5 years since I started can build a nice home here.  It has been 5 years since I started can build a nice home here.  It has been 5 years since I started working on YouTube but till now working on YouTube but till now working on YouTube but till now I have not received any support from anyone on YouTube.  As soon as I I have not received any support from anyone on YouTube.  As soon as I I have not received any support from anyone on YouTube.  As soon as I woke up in the morning, I realized that I could woke up in the morning, I realized that I could woke up in the morning, I realized that I could n't find my soap.  It is n't find my soap.  It is n't find my soap.  It is kept among the stones worshipped by mother.  So I quickly took out the kept among the stones worshipped by mother.  So I quickly took out the kept among the stones worshipped by mother.  So I quickly took out the soap and started washing my face. soap and started washing my face. soap and started washing my face. Well, I washed my mouth thoroughly Well, I washed my mouth thoroughly Well, I washed my mouth thoroughly and after this I washed away the soap with water and and after this I washed away the soap with water and and after this I washed away the soap with water and kept it back.  Then I felt like kept it back.  Then I felt like kept it back.  Then I felt like washing my feet, so I washed them. washing my feet, so I washed them. washing my feet, so I washed them. When I looked at my face in the mirror, I saw When I looked at my face in the mirror, I saw When I looked at my face in the mirror, I saw soap on it.  So I soap on it.  So I soap on it.  So I washed my face again and after that my washed my face again and after that my washed my face again and after that my face became completely clean.  And when I face became completely clean.  And when I face became completely clean.  And when I asked this goat how my teeth were?  So he asked this goat how my teeth were?  So he asked this goat how my teeth were?  So he told me that your teeth are becoming dirtier than my teeth. told me that your teeth are becoming dirtier than my teeth. told me that your teeth are becoming dirtier than my teeth. Whenever I am lying idle at home, Whenever I am lying idle at home, Whenever I am lying idle at home, I play F the most.  I do I play F the most.  I do I play F the most.  I do n't know brother, when will I get rid of this habit. n't know brother, when will I get rid of this habit. n't know brother, when will I get rid of this habit. And when did my 2 hours pass while I was playing F? And when did my 2 hours pass while I was playing F? And when did my 2 hours pass while I was playing F? I didn't even know.  And I didn't even know.  And I didn't even know.  And I haven't washed my shoes for 2 months.  So I I haven't washed my shoes for 2 months.  So I I haven't washed my shoes for 2 months.  So I washed them and kept them at one place and after this I washed them and kept them at one place and after this I washed them and kept them at one place and after this I again lay down in front of the cooler.  Then when again lay down in front of the cooler.  Then when again lay down in front of the cooler.  Then when I came upstairs and looked, I saw that I came upstairs and looked, I saw that I came upstairs and looked, I saw that cleaning was going on upstairs.  As you know, cleaning was going on upstairs.  As you know, cleaning was going on upstairs.  As you know, last time these three were thrown by a monkey and climbed the mountain. last time these three were thrown by a monkey and climbed the mountain. last time these three were thrown by a monkey and climbed the mountain. And you want me to And you want me to And you want me to build another new house here for my goats. build another new house here for my goats. build another new house here for my goats. So please like the video and So please like the video and So please like the video and subscribe to the channel.