Hello there everyone, Ashen Flash here Hello there everyone, Ashen Flash here Hello there everyone, Ashen Flash here and welcome on into a LEGO City 2026 set and welcome on into a LEGO City 2026 set and welcome on into a LEGO City 2026 set review. Today we're looking at set review. Today we're looking at set review. Today we're looking at set number 60510. number 60510. number 60510. This is the advent calendar for 2026. This is the advent calendar for 2026. This is the advent calendar for 2026. This has 252 pieces and is retailing for This has 252 pieces and is retailing for This has 252 pieces and is retailing for $34.99 $34.99 $34.99 USD or $49.99 USD or $49.99 USD or $49.99 Canadian. The non-licensed advent Canadian. The non-licensed advent Canadian. The non-licensed advent calendars are $10 cheaper. So yeah, calendars are $10 cheaper. So yeah, calendars are $10 cheaper. So yeah, that's good. I guess I I think everybody that's good. I guess I I think everybody that's good. I guess I I think everybody wishes advent calendars were cheaper in wishes advent calendars were cheaper in wishes advent calendars were cheaper in general. There's a ton of really cool general. There's a ton of really cool general. There's a ton of really cool minifigures in here for your city and minifigures in here for your city and minifigures in here for your city and like Christmas collections. Anyways, like Christmas collections. Anyways, like Christmas collections. Anyways, let's go ahead and let's open up this let's go ahead and let's open up this let's go ahead and let's open up this new advent calendar for the year. new advent calendar for the year. new advent calendar for the year. All right, day number one. Santa already. So, here is Santa for the Santa already. So, here is Santa for the Santa already. So, here is Santa for the first time, I believe, in like his first time, I believe, in like his first time, I believe, in like his workshop sort of casual outfit, which I workshop sort of casual outfit, which I workshop sort of casual outfit, which I love this. It's sort of the whole vibe love this. It's sort of the whole vibe love this. It's sort of the whole vibe of this advent calendar. It's his of this advent calendar. It's his of this advent calendar. It's his workshop with a bunch of valves and workshop with a bunch of valves and workshop with a bunch of valves and everything. You'll see. But the legs everything. You'll see. But the legs everything. You'll see. But the legs with like the apron. I love that. The with like the apron. I love that. The with like the apron. I love that. The wrench, the ruler, the little pen there, wrench, the ruler, the little pen there, wrench, the ruler, the little pen there, and you can see the back with like the and you can see the back with like the and you can see the back with like the overalls there, the strap like actually overalls there, the strap like actually overalls there, the strap like actually holding up his pants. So, removing the holding up his pants. So, removing the holding up his pants. So, removing the beard, you can see the torso with the beard, you can see the torso with the beard, you can see the torso with the collar and everything. A little bit of collar and everything. A little bit of collar and everything. A little bit of the shirt showing underneath. And yeah, the shirt showing underneath. And yeah, the shirt showing underneath. And yeah, he's got a printed beard as well. And he's got a printed beard as well. And he's got a printed beard as well. And there's no second head printing here on there's no second head printing here on there's no second head printing here on the back. But also if you don't have the the back. But also if you don't have the the back. But also if you don't have the Superman hair here in white. Day number Superman hair here in white. Day number Superman hair here in white. Day number two. So this is the blue monster truck, the So this is the blue monster truck, the So this is the blue monster truck, the city set 60402. city set 60402. city set 60402. So that's cute that they have that being So that's cute that they have that being So that's cute that they have that being referenced here. And I I like the referenced here. And I I like the referenced here. And I I like the detailing here, like the tiles and how detailing here, like the tiles and how detailing here, like the tiles and how they've done the glass there. That's they've done the glass there. That's they've done the glass there. That's nice. And all the wheels can actually nice. And all the wheels can actually nice. And all the wheels can actually spin and turn. There's also a little spin and turn. There's also a little spin and turn. There's also a little walkie-talkie included, I guess, to walkie-talkie included, I guess, to walkie-talkie included, I guess, to control it. Day three. In the corner control it. Day three. In the corner control it. Day three. In the corner here is this little workbench and you here is this little workbench and you here is this little workbench and you could see that like a windup penguin toy could see that like a windup penguin toy could see that like a windup penguin toy is being built. You could see there's an is being built. You could see there's an is being built. You could see there's an extra crank there. So yeah, that's extra crank there. So yeah, that's extra crank there. So yeah, that's that's cute. Simple design there for the that's cute. Simple design there for the that's cute. Simple design there for the penguin using all these tiles. Day four. So here is this uh I guess a little So here is this uh I guess a little So here is this uh I guess a little dolly and you can put a box there and dolly and you can put a box there and dolly and you can put a box there and actually wheel it around. You can even actually wheel it around. You can even actually wheel it around. You can even attach minifigures there to hold this. attach minifigures there to hold this. attach minifigures there to hold this. And then inside of this present, I like And then inside of this present, I like And then inside of this present, I like the bow using that flower piece, but the bow using that flower piece, but the bow using that flower piece, but inside is a little donut. Five. Here is our first little elf included. I Here is our first little elf included. I Here is our first little elf included. I think this is supposed to be one that think this is supposed to be one that think this is supposed to be one that works at the post office. You can see works at the post office. You can see works at the post office. You can see with the little post a little uh French with the little post a little uh French with the little post a little uh French horn, I think is what that is. And then horn, I think is what that is. And then horn, I think is what that is. And then also the letter included here as well. also the letter included here as well. also the letter included here as well. It's a one by two tile, but it's a junk It's a one by two tile, but it's a junk It's a one by two tile, but it's a junk mail there that they got I guess at the mail there that they got I guess at the mail there that they got I guess at the North Pole. You've got a smile there North Pole. You've got a smile there North Pole. You've got a smile there with a gap in the tooth, which is with a gap in the tooth, which is with a gap in the tooth, which is interesting. There you can remove the interesting. There you can remove the interesting. There you can remove the hat and ears there. You can see on the hat and ears there. You can see on the hat and ears there. You can see on the other side there's this upset other side there's this upset other side there's this upset expression. Day six. So, here is the Coast Guard rescue boat. So, here is the Coast Guard rescue boat. So, here is the Coast Guard rescue boat. And this is supposed to be set number And this is supposed to be set number And this is supposed to be set number 60504. 60504. 60504. It's a simple design. And I really like It's a simple design. And I really like It's a simple design. And I really like the color here, the new reddish orange. the color here, the new reddish orange. the color here, the new reddish orange. You even got the slope in the back there You even got the slope in the back there You even got the slope in the back there for launching off a boat. So, a little for launching off a boat. So, a little for launching off a boat. So, a little dinghy. So, that's kind of cool. dinghy. So, that's kind of cool. dinghy. So, that's kind of cool. Overall, simple design. You can see the Overall, simple design. You can see the Overall, simple design. You can see the top part there. And then also top part there. And then also top part there. And then also underneath. Day seven. Here we have a little mailbox. Simple Here we have a little mailbox. Simple Here we have a little mailbox. Simple design. No prints or anything on the design. No prints or anything on the design. No prints or anything on the actual box. There you do have a pigeon actual box. There you do have a pigeon actual box. There you do have a pigeon on top, which I will never ever say no on top, which I will never ever say no on top, which I will never ever say no to getting more pigeons. That is great to getting more pigeons. That is great to getting more pigeons. That is great cuz in some other sets they're only cuz in some other sets they're only cuz in some other sets they're only giving you like one. So that's awesome. giving you like one. So that's awesome. giving you like one. So that's awesome. You've got this letter here again. You've got this letter here again. You've got this letter here again. Letters being written to Santa. You've Letters being written to Santa. You've Letters being written to Santa. You've got two of the exact same here. Day got two of the exact same here. Day got two of the exact same here. Day eight. Here's the snowplow build. Actually a Here's the snowplow build. Actually a Here's the snowplow build. Actually a really smart design how they've done really smart design how they've done really smart design how they've done this using the gray Technic pieces there this using the gray Technic pieces there this using the gray Technic pieces there so that the legs can actually like lie so that the legs can actually like lie so that the legs can actually like lie flat because of gravity. I think that's flat because of gravity. I think that's flat because of gravity. I think that's really smart. You've got this big like really smart. You've got this big like really smart. You've got this big like armor piece being used there for the armor piece being used there for the armor piece being used there for the actual plow in the front. You've got the actual plow in the front. You've got the actual plow in the front. You've got the handle in the back for you to attach handle in the back for you to attach handle in the back for you to attach figures to. They even included this uh figures to. They even included this uh figures to. They even included this uh pile of snow for you to plow. Day nine. Here is I believe exclusive this dark Here is I believe exclusive this dark Here is I believe exclusive this dark red elf which is really cool. I love the red elf which is really cool. I love the red elf which is really cool. I love the torso there. That looks great. The red torso there. That looks great. The red torso there. That looks great. The red belt, the red uh collar. That's nice. belt, the red uh collar. That's nice. belt, the red uh collar. That's nice. And the hat here in red as well. And the And the hat here in red as well. And the And the hat here in red as well. And the back printing there. Pretty cool. You've back printing there. Pretty cool. You've back printing there. Pretty cool. You've got a little wrench again to work on got a little wrench again to work on got a little wrench again to work on toys. You've got this big smile here for toys. You've got this big smile here for toys. You've got this big smile here for her there. And then on the other side, her there. And then on the other side, her there. And then on the other side, no second head expression. Day 10. Here we have the airport firetruck, Here we have the airport firetruck, Here we have the airport firetruck, which is set number 60499. Cute little which is set number 60499. Cute little which is set number 60499. Cute little build here. I I like the electric yellow build here. I I like the electric yellow build here. I I like the electric yellow tiles. And you've even got the actual tiles. And you've even got the actual tiles. And you've even got the actual crane with the hose here as well to crane with the hose here as well to crane with the hose here as well to spray out the water. And you've got the spray out the water. And you've got the spray out the water. And you've got the wheels down below, which is just the wheels down below, which is just the wheels down below, which is just the little roller skate pieces. Day number little roller skate pieces. Day number little roller skate pieces. Day number 11. 11. 11. Here we have a little robot. Nothing Here we have a little robot. Nothing Here we have a little robot. Nothing special. I don't think this is a special. I don't think this is a special. I don't think this is a reference to a specific set or anything. reference to a specific set or anything. reference to a specific set or anything. If I'm wrong, comment down below. But If I'm wrong, comment down below. But If I'm wrong, comment down below. But you've got the feet there can actually you've got the feet there can actually you've got the feet there can actually angle. And you've got the two eyes angle. And you've got the two eyes angle. And you've got the two eyes there. One, I guess, with a light. there. One, I guess, with a light. there. One, I guess, with a light. You've got these little claw hands as You've got these little claw hands as You've got these little claw hands as well on the sides. Day 12. Here we have a little wooden rocking Here we have a little wooden rocking Here we have a little wooden rocking horse here. So, this is really cool. horse here. So, this is really cool. horse here. So, this is really cool. Back from I think it was a minifigure Back from I think it was a minifigure Back from I think it was a minifigure series. So, you can actually place an series. So, you can actually place an series. So, you can actually place an elf or a a kid, I guess, there and have elf or a a kid, I guess, there and have elf or a a kid, I guess, there and have them rocking back and forth there. But, them rocking back and forth there. But, them rocking back and forth there. But, it's cute because of the classic like it's cute because of the classic like it's cute because of the classic like Lego horse printing there. included as Lego horse printing there. included as Lego horse printing there. included as well is this little I guess table and well is this little I guess table and well is this little I guess table and you've got a spot for the paint roller. you've got a spot for the paint roller. you've got a spot for the paint roller. You've got some paint that's actually You've got some paint that's actually You've got some paint that's actually dripped on the top of the table and then dripped on the top of the table and then dripped on the top of the table and then a bucket. So that's really cute that a bucket. So that's really cute that a bucket. So that's really cute that they're like actively working on the they're like actively working on the they're like actively working on the rocking horse. Day 13. Christmas sweater. Here's the snowman Christmas sweater. Here's the snowman Christmas sweater. Here's the snowman included. This is a very cute figure. So included. This is a very cute figure. So included. This is a very cute figure. So you can see you've got a Christmas you can see you've got a Christmas you can see you've got a Christmas sweater. And I'm going to remove the sweater. And I'm going to remove the sweater. And I'm going to remove the scarf. So you can see the front torso. scarf. So you can see the front torso. scarf. So you can see the front torso. It's a little fireplace there with the It's a little fireplace there with the It's a little fireplace there with the fire, which is kind of funny cuz fire, which is kind of funny cuz fire, which is kind of funny cuz obviously he has to stay cold. You've obviously he has to stay cold. You've obviously he has to stay cold. You've also got some snowflakes. And then also got some snowflakes. And then also got some snowflakes. And then speaking of like trying to stay cold, speaking of like trying to stay cold, speaking of like trying to stay cold, he's drinking here some hot chocolate. he's drinking here some hot chocolate. he's drinking here some hot chocolate. So very cute piece there with some foam So very cute piece there with some foam So very cute piece there with some foam on top. The legs here, they're the mid on top. The legs here, they're the mid on top. The legs here, they're the mid legs there in white. The head is from a legs there in white. The head is from a legs there in white. The head is from a minifigure series. So this is cool to minifigure series. So this is cool to minifigure series. So this is cool to see back. You can actually detach the see back. You can actually detach the see back. You can actually detach the nose there. And you can even detach the nose there. And you can even detach the nose there. And you can even detach the classic top hat piece. And then removing classic top hat piece. And then removing classic top hat piece. And then removing the head all together. It's just a white the head all together. It's just a white the head all together. It's just a white minifigure head underneath. Day 14. Here is this small little toy plane. And Here is this small little toy plane. And Here is this small little toy plane. And this is supposed to be the emergency air this is supposed to be the emergency air this is supposed to be the emergency air ambulance airplane. It is set number ambulance airplane. It is set number ambulance airplane. It is set number 60465. 60465. 60465. I really love a lot of the colors of the I really love a lot of the colors of the I really love a lot of the colors of the different uh ambulance vehicles and different uh ambulance vehicles and different uh ambulance vehicles and everything with the electric yellow and everything with the electric yellow and everything with the electric yellow and the teal. 15. Here we have another little workbench. Here we have another little workbench. Here we have another little workbench. And this is cute. I think what's And this is cute. I think what's And this is cute. I think what's supposed to be on top is the cement supposed to be on top is the cement supposed to be on top is the cement mixer 60478. mixer 60478. mixer 60478. I like how they've done that piece there I like how they've done that piece there I like how they've done that piece there for the back. I think that's pretty for the back. I think that's pretty for the back. I think that's pretty smart. And yeah, the design it's simple. smart. And yeah, the design it's simple. smart. And yeah, the design it's simple. Day 16. Here we have a little hot chocolate Here we have a little hot chocolate Here we have a little hot chocolate trolley. I like the color scheme with trolley. I like the color scheme with trolley. I like the color scheme with the dark green and the red. You've got a the dark green and the red. You've got a the dark green and the red. You've got a little handle to push it around. The little handle to push it around. The little handle to push it around. The dispenser there with the faucet piece, a dispenser there with the faucet piece, a dispenser there with the faucet piece, a little sugar cookie, and then another little sugar cookie, and then another little sugar cookie, and then another hot chocolate there with the foam. 17. Here's a regular elf. You can see again, Here's a regular elf. You can see again, Here's a regular elf. You can see again, no little postage symbol there and no little postage symbol there and no little postage symbol there and everything. So, very cute. You've got everything. So, very cute. You've got everything. So, very cute. You've got the reddish brown legs. You've got this the reddish brown legs. You've got this the reddish brown legs. You've got this little smile and all the little little smile and all the little little smile and all the little freckles. And then also you can see here freckles. And then also you can see here freckles. And then also you can see here on the back of the head here, no second on the back of the head here, no second on the back of the head here, no second expression. The book here, I think it's expression. The book here, I think it's expression. The book here, I think it's supposed to be I I don't know if it's supposed to be I I don't know if it's supposed to be I I don't know if it's the naughty or nice list or not, or if the naughty or nice list or not, or if the naughty or nice list or not, or if it's just like a to-do list. It's on it's just like a to-do list. It's on it's just like a to-do list. It's on like lined paper there, so I don't like lined paper there, so I don't like lined paper there, so I don't really know. But you've got a bunch of really know. But you've got a bunch of really know. But you've got a bunch of check marks and everything, so maybe it check marks and everything, so maybe it check marks and everything, so maybe it is. Day 18. Here is the yellow bulldozer 60466. Here is the yellow bulldozer 60466. Here is the yellow bulldozer 60466. Simple design there using the tea plate Simple design there using the tea plate Simple design there using the tea plate dishes there for the wheels. You've got dishes there for the wheels. You've got dishes there for the wheels. You've got the big scoop in the front there and the big scoop in the front there and the big scoop in the front there and then just the different tiles and the then just the different tiles and the then just the different tiles and the windows there. David 19. windows there. David 19. windows there. David 19. A A A here's the little baby reindeer. It's so here's the little baby reindeer. It's so here's the little baby reindeer. It's so cute. The little tail there. You've got cute. The little tail there. You've got cute. The little tail there. You've got uh the small little antlers coming out. uh the small little antlers coming out. uh the small little antlers coming out. It's so cute. The face printing there. It's so cute. The face printing there. It's so cute. The face printing there. You can see there's a stud on top. And You can see there's a stud on top. And You can see there's a stud on top. And you've also got like the same legs and you've also got like the same legs and you've also got like the same legs and everything for like a dog. And included everything for like a dog. And included everything for like a dog. And included is a little carrot. Day 20. Here is Santa's sleigh. The design for Here is Santa's sleigh. The design for Here is Santa's sleigh. The design for this is interesting using the little this is interesting using the little this is interesting using the little hockey stick pieces in black there. And hockey stick pieces in black there. And hockey stick pieces in black there. And the color schemes, it's in line with the color schemes, it's in line with the color schemes, it's in line with everything we've seen so far with the everything we've seen so far with the everything we've seen so far with the dark green, the red, the dark red. And dark green, the red, the dark red. And dark green, the red, the dark red. And then on the front here, you've got this then on the front here, you've got this then on the front here, you've got this arm with this little handle. It's for arm with this little handle. It's for arm with this little handle. It's for you to attach little baby reindeer to you to attach little baby reindeer to you to attach little baby reindeer to pull the sled along. And you could play pull the sled along. And you could play pull the sled along. And you could play Santa in the back there. This is This is Santa in the back there. This is This is Santa in the back there. This is This is very cute. Sort of like the little guy's very cute. Sort of like the little guy's very cute. Sort of like the little guy's training. Day 21. So, this Mrs. Claus minifigure is So, this Mrs. Claus minifigure is So, this Mrs. Claus minifigure is unfortunately the exact same one that unfortunately the exact same one that unfortunately the exact same one that came in last year's advent calendar. It came in last year's advent calendar. It came in last year's advent calendar. It doesn't have anything special. The torso doesn't have anything special. The torso doesn't have anything special. The torso is the exact same. And you could see the is the exact same. And you could see the is the exact same. And you could see the back torso. There was a dress print back torso. There was a dress print back torso. There was a dress print created for that big expensive Christmas created for that big expensive Christmas created for that big expensive Christmas tree that released last year, but tree that released last year, but tree that released last year, but unfortunately not included here. Here unfortunately not included here. Here unfortunately not included here. Here you do have a nice lantern as the you do have a nice lantern as the you do have a nice lantern as the accessory, I guess, welcoming Santa accessory, I guess, welcoming Santa accessory, I guess, welcoming Santa home. And then also you could see the home. And then also you could see the home. And then also you could see the face. You've got a smile on one side and face. You've got a smile on one side and face. You've got a smile on one side and she's closing her eyes and she's very she's closing her eyes and she's very she's closing her eyes and she's very happy on the other. Day 22. Here is this train. And I think this is Here is this train. And I think this is Here is this train. And I think this is supposed to be a reference to 40511, the supposed to be a reference to 40511, the supposed to be a reference to 40511, the vintage steam train here from the vintage steam train here from the vintage steam train here from the summer. It's also the same colors as summer. It's also the same colors as summer. It's also the same colors as like the wooden ducks. So, kind of like the wooden ducks. So, kind of like the wooden ducks. So, kind of interesting since there was some wooden interesting since there was some wooden interesting since there was some wooden ducks like on the box art. But yeah, ducks like on the box art. But yeah, ducks like on the box art. But yeah, you've got the red wheels there, the you've got the red wheels there, the you've got the red wheels there, the four wheels, and then you've got the four wheels, and then you've got the four wheels, and then you've got the smoke stack there coming out and the smoke stack there coming out and the smoke stack there coming out and the little conductor area there. So, very little conductor area there. So, very little conductor area there. So, very cute. Day 23. Here is the Christmas tree build, which Here is the Christmas tree build, which Here is the Christmas tree build, which I really, really love using the new I really, really love using the new I really, really love using the new little ball piece there. I think that's little ball piece there. I think that's little ball piece there. I think that's so smart. The candy piece, as other so smart. The candy piece, as other so smart. The candy piece, as other people call, like it's just so perfect. people call, like it's just so perfect. people call, like it's just so perfect. the roundness of that there in trans the roundness of that there in trans the roundness of that there in trans red. Really great. You've got the tree red. Really great. You've got the tree red. Really great. You've got the tree up at the top. And I'll just point this up at the top. And I'll just point this up at the top. And I'll just point this out. I don't know why they used a tan out. I don't know why they used a tan out. I don't know why they used a tan piece up at the top. You can see it piece up at the top. You can see it piece up at the top. You can see it because of how the cone is attached because of how the cone is attached because of how the cone is attached where the star is. So could have been a where the star is. So could have been a where the star is. So could have been a different color. And in the bottom, the different color. And in the bottom, the different color. And in the bottom, the final day, day 24. Oh, there's final day, day 24. Oh, there's final day, day 24. Oh, there's two Santaas. And here's Santa again. I two Santaas. And here's Santa again. I two Santaas. And here's Santa again. I really did not expect this at all. Um, really did not expect this at all. Um, really did not expect this at all. Um, so yeah, dual molded legs. That's nice. so yeah, dual molded legs. That's nice. so yeah, dual molded legs. That's nice. You've got uh the sack in his hand You've got uh the sack in his hand You've got uh the sack in his hand there. The back torso looks pretty nice. there. The back torso looks pretty nice. there. The back torso looks pretty nice. He's got the hat and the beard. And He's got the hat and the beard. And He's got the hat and the beard. And removing all that, you could see the removing all that, you could see the removing all that, you could see the rest of the front of the torso printing rest of the front of the torso printing rest of the front of the torso printing there. And again, same head from before. there. And again, same head from before. there. And again, same head from before. All right, so here it is. Anyways, All right, so here it is. Anyways, All right, so here it is. Anyways, everyone, that is my review of the Lego everyone, that is my review of the Lego everyone, that is my review of the Lego City 2026 advent calendar. I think City 2026 advent calendar. I think City 2026 advent calendar. I think overall it is a pretty good one. Like I overall it is a pretty good one. Like I overall it is a pretty good one. Like I like all the little micro builds that like all the little micro builds that like all the little micro builds that they're toys of actual Lego sets. So they're toys of actual Lego sets. So they're toys of actual Lego sets. So that's kind of neat. I think the amount that's kind of neat. I think the amount that's kind of neat. I think the amount of minifigures you're getting in here is of minifigures you're getting in here is of minifigures you're getting in here is really impressive. Like seven of them really impressive. Like seven of them really impressive. Like seven of them plus the reindeer. Like that's amazing. plus the reindeer. Like that's amazing. plus the reindeer. Like that's amazing. I think just needed maybe some presents, I think just needed maybe some presents, I think just needed maybe some presents, I think, to go under the tree wrapping I think, to go under the tree wrapping I think, to go under the tree wrapping them a little bit. But overall, again, them a little bit. But overall, again, them a little bit. But overall, again, like a bunch of new prints here, too. like a bunch of new prints here, too. like a bunch of new prints here, too. Very, very impressive in comparison to Very, very impressive in comparison to Very, very impressive in comparison to the other licensed advent calendars we the other licensed advent calendars we the other licensed advent calendars we already looked at. But what do you think already looked at. But what do you think already looked at. But what do you think of this? You're going to be picking this of this? You're going to be picking this of this? You're going to be picking this up on September the 1st for Christmas. up on September the 1st for Christmas. up on September the 1st for Christmas. Be sure to subscribe, turn on the bell Be sure to subscribe, turn on the bell Be sure to subscribe, turn on the bell notification so you don't miss out on notification so you don't miss out on notification so you don't miss out on future LEGO City set news and reviews future LEGO City set news and reviews future LEGO City set news and reviews just like this one. Hope you guys did just like this one. Hope you guys did just like this one. Hope you guys did enjoy the video. Hope you all have a enjoy the video. Hope you all have a enjoy the video. Hope you all have a great day. See you all in the next one.