Hello there everyone, Ashen Flash here
and welcome on into a LEGO City 2026 set
review. Today we're looking at set
number 60510.
This is the advent calendar for 2026.
This has 252 pieces and is retailing for
$34.99
USD or $49.99
Canadian. The non-licensed advent
calendars are $10 cheaper. So yeah,
that's good. I guess I I think everybody
wishes advent calendars were cheaper in
general. There's a ton of really cool
minifigures in here for your city and
like Christmas collections. Anyways,
let's go ahead and let's open up this
new advent calendar for the year.
All right, day number one.
Santa already. So, here is Santa for the
first time, I believe, in like his
workshop sort of casual outfit, which I
love this. It's sort of the whole vibe
of this advent calendar. It's his
workshop with a bunch of valves and
everything. You'll see. But the legs
with like the apron. I love that. The
wrench, the ruler, the little pen there,
and you can see the back with like the
overalls there, the strap like actually
holding up his pants. So, removing the
beard, you can see the torso with the
collar and everything. A little bit of
the shirt showing underneath. And yeah,
he's got a printed beard as well. And
there's no second head printing here on
the back. But also if you don't have the
Superman hair here in white. Day number
two.
So this is the blue monster truck, the
city set 60402.
So that's cute that they have that being
referenced here. And I I like the
detailing here, like the tiles and how
they've done the glass there. That's
nice. And all the wheels can actually
spin and turn. There's also a little
walkie-talkie included, I guess, to
control it. Day three. In the corner
here is this little workbench and you
could see that like a windup penguin toy
is being built. You could see there's an
extra crank there. So yeah, that's
that's cute. Simple design there for the
penguin using all these tiles. Day four.
So here is this uh I guess a little
dolly and you can put a box there and
actually wheel it around. You can even
attach minifigures there to hold this.
And then inside of this present, I like
the bow using that flower piece, but
inside is a little donut. Five.
Here is our first little elf included. I
think this is supposed to be one that
works at the post office. You can see
with the little post a little uh French
horn, I think is what that is. And then
also the letter included here as well.
It's a one by two tile, but it's a junk
mail there that they got I guess at the
North Pole. You've got a smile there
with a gap in the tooth, which is
interesting. There you can remove the
hat and ears there. You can see on the
other side there's this upset
expression. Day six.
So, here is the Coast Guard rescue boat.
And this is supposed to be set number
60504.
It's a simple design. And I really like
the color here, the new reddish orange.
You even got the slope in the back there
for launching off a boat. So, a little
dinghy. So, that's kind of cool.
Overall, simple design. You can see the
top part there. And then also
underneath. Day seven.
Here we have a little mailbox. Simple
design. No prints or anything on the
actual box. There you do have a pigeon
on top, which I will never ever say no
to getting more pigeons. That is great
cuz in some other sets they're only
giving you like one. So that's awesome.
You've got this letter here again.
Letters being written to Santa. You've
got two of the exact same here. Day
eight.
Here's the snowplow build. Actually a
really smart design how they've done
this using the gray Technic pieces there
so that the legs can actually like lie
flat because of gravity. I think that's
really smart. You've got this big like
armor piece being used there for the
actual plow in the front. You've got the
handle in the back for you to attach
figures to. They even included this uh
pile of snow for you to plow. Day nine.
Here is I believe exclusive this dark
red elf which is really cool. I love the
torso there. That looks great. The red
belt, the red uh collar. That's nice.
And the hat here in red as well. And the
back printing there. Pretty cool. You've
got a little wrench again to work on
toys. You've got this big smile here for
her there. And then on the other side,
no second head expression. Day 10.
Here we have the airport firetruck,
which is set number 60499. Cute little
build here. I I like the electric yellow
tiles. And you've even got the actual
crane with the hose here as well to
spray out the water. And you've got the
wheels down below, which is just the
little roller skate pieces. Day number
11.
Here we have a little robot. Nothing
special. I don't think this is a
reference to a specific set or anything.
If I'm wrong, comment down below. But
you've got the feet there can actually
angle. And you've got the two eyes
there. One, I guess, with a light.
You've got these little claw hands as
well on the sides. Day 12.
Here we have a little wooden rocking
horse here. So, this is really cool.
Back from I think it was a minifigure
series. So, you can actually place an
elf or a a kid, I guess, there and have
them rocking back and forth there. But,
it's cute because of the classic like
Lego horse printing there. included as
well is this little I guess table and
you've got a spot for the paint roller.
You've got some paint that's actually
dripped on the top of the table and then
a bucket. So that's really cute that
they're like actively working on the
rocking horse. Day 13.
Christmas sweater. Here's the snowman
included. This is a very cute figure. So
you can see you've got a Christmas
sweater. And I'm going to remove the
scarf. So you can see the front torso.
It's a little fireplace there with the
fire, which is kind of funny cuz
obviously he has to stay cold. You've
also got some snowflakes. And then
speaking of like trying to stay cold,
he's drinking here some hot chocolate.
So very cute piece there with some foam
on top. The legs here, they're the mid
legs there in white. The head is from a
minifigure series. So this is cool to
see back. You can actually detach the
nose there. And you can even detach the
classic top hat piece. And then removing
the head all together. It's just a white
minifigure head underneath. Day 14.
Here is this small little toy plane. And
this is supposed to be the emergency air
ambulance airplane. It is set number
60465.
I really love a lot of the colors of the
different uh ambulance vehicles and
everything with the electric yellow and
the teal. 15.
Here we have another little workbench.
And this is cute. I think what's
supposed to be on top is the cement
mixer 60478.
I like how they've done that piece there
for the back. I think that's pretty
smart. And yeah, the design it's simple.
Day 16.
Here we have a little hot chocolate
trolley. I like the color scheme with
the dark green and the red. You've got a
little handle to push it around. The
dispenser there with the faucet piece, a
little sugar cookie, and then another
hot chocolate there with the foam. 17.
Here's a regular elf. You can see again,
no little postage symbol there and
everything. So, very cute. You've got
the reddish brown legs. You've got this
little smile and all the little
freckles. And then also you can see here
on the back of the head here, no second
expression. The book here, I think it's
supposed to be I I don't know if it's
the naughty or nice list or not, or if
it's just like a to-do list. It's on
like lined paper there, so I don't
really know. But you've got a bunch of
check marks and everything, so maybe it
is. Day 18.
Here is the yellow bulldozer 60466.
Simple design there using the tea plate
dishes there for the wheels. You've got
the big scoop in the front there and
then just the different tiles and the
windows there. David 19.
A
here's the little baby reindeer. It's so
cute. The little tail there. You've got
uh the small little antlers coming out.
It's so cute. The face printing there.
You can see there's a stud on top. And
you've also got like the same legs and
everything for like a dog. And included
is a little carrot. Day 20.
Here is Santa's sleigh. The design for
this is interesting using the little
hockey stick pieces in black there. And
the color schemes, it's in line with
everything we've seen so far with the
dark green, the red, the dark red. And
then on the front here, you've got this
arm with this little handle. It's for
you to attach little baby reindeer to
pull the sled along. And you could play
Santa in the back there. This is This is
very cute. Sort of like the little guy's
training. Day 21.
So, this Mrs. Claus minifigure is
unfortunately the exact same one that
came in last year's advent calendar. It
doesn't have anything special. The torso
is the exact same. And you could see the
back torso. There was a dress print
created for that big expensive Christmas
tree that released last year, but
unfortunately not included here. Here
you do have a nice lantern as the
accessory, I guess, welcoming Santa
home. And then also you could see the
face. You've got a smile on one side and
she's closing her eyes and she's very
happy on the other. Day 22.
Here is this train. And I think this is
supposed to be a reference to 40511, the
vintage steam train here from the
summer. It's also the same colors as
like the wooden ducks. So, kind of
interesting since there was some wooden
ducks like on the box art. But yeah,
you've got the red wheels there, the
four wheels, and then you've got the
smoke stack there coming out and the
little conductor area there. So, very
cute. Day 23.
Here is the Christmas tree build, which
I really, really love using the new
little ball piece there. I think that's
so smart. The candy piece, as other
people call, like it's just so perfect.
the roundness of that there in trans
red. Really great. You've got the tree
up at the top. And I'll just point this
out. I don't know why they used a tan
piece up at the top. You can see it
because of how the cone is attached
where the star is. So could have been a
different color. And in the bottom, the
final day, day 24. Oh, there's
two Santaas. And here's Santa again. I
really did not expect this at all. Um,
so yeah, dual molded legs. That's nice.
You've got uh the sack in his hand
there. The back torso looks pretty nice.
He's got the hat and the beard. And
removing all that, you could see the
rest of the front of the torso printing
there. And again, same head from before.
All right, so here it is. Anyways,
everyone, that is my review of the Lego
City 2026 advent calendar. I think
overall it is a pretty good one. Like I
like all the little micro builds that
they're toys of actual Lego sets. So
that's kind of neat. I think the amount
of minifigures you're getting in here is
really impressive. Like seven of them
plus the reindeer. Like that's amazing.
I think just needed maybe some presents,
I think, to go under the tree wrapping
them a little bit. But overall, again,
like a bunch of new prints here, too.
Very, very impressive in comparison to
the other licensed advent calendars we
already looked at. But what do you think
of this? You're going to be picking this
up on September the 1st for Christmas.
Be sure to subscribe, turn on the bell
notification so you don't miss out on
future LEGO City set news and reviews
just like this one. Hope you guys did
enjoy the video. Hope you all have a
great day. See you all in the next one.
