Oh my gosh, I'm back again. Oh my gosh, I'm back again. Oh my gosh, I'm back again. Hello friends, Hello friends, Hello friends, I'm back with another get ready with me I'm back with another get ready with me I'm back with another get ready with me and and and a product review a product review a product review and I don't know, maybe something else. and I don't know, maybe something else. and I don't know, maybe something else. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. But for now, I want to get this makeup But for now, I want to get this makeup But for now, I want to get this makeup going because I have somewhere to be going because I have somewhere to be going because I have somewhere to be soon. Okay. So, first I'm going to start off Okay. So, first I'm going to start off Okay. So, first I'm going to start off with my serum. So, how is everybody doing? Um, I'm still waiting on my Um, I'm still waiting on my Um, I'm still waiting on my results from the doctor, but we'll see results from the doctor, but we'll see results from the doctor, but we'll see how that goes. how that goes. how that goes. I'll let you guys know. I'll let you guys know. I'll let you guys know. Um, like I said, hopefully nothing Um, like I said, hopefully nothing Um, like I said, hopefully nothing serious, serious, serious, but I am feeling a little bit better today. Um, as far as my legs and my arms go, Um, as far as my legs and my arms go, Um, as far as my legs and my arms go, but my back, but my back, but my back, I had a really hard time sleeping last I had a really hard time sleeping last I had a really hard time sleeping last night. So, I really didn't sleep until night. So, I really didn't sleep until night. So, I really didn't sleep until this morning this morning this morning and and and now it's afternoon. now it's afternoon. now it's afternoon. I mean, I've been up a while, but I've I mean, I've been up a while, but I've I mean, I've been up a while, but I've already had coffee, breakfast, I just already had coffee, breakfast, I just already had coffee, breakfast, I just had some scrambled eggs with cheese. I'm had some scrambled eggs with cheese. I'm had some scrambled eggs with cheese. I'm just letting this dry right now. But just letting this dry right now. But just letting this dry right now. But while we're doing that, I was thinking while we're doing that, I was thinking while we're doing that, I was thinking about this. I need to start using my lip about this. I need to start using my lip about this. I need to start using my lip glosses cuz I have so many and glosses cuz I have so many and glosses cuz I have so many and they go bad if you don't use them. Like they get funky. Like they get funky. Like they get funky. But yeah, I'm just using this one here. But yeah, I'm just using this one here. But yeah, I'm just using this one here. This is from the Dollar Tree. This is from the Dollar Tree. This is from the Dollar Tree. Um Still a little bit wet. I need one of Still a little bit wet. I need one of Still a little bit wet. I need one of those fancy fans, right? [clears throat] those fancy fans, right? [clears throat] those fancy fans, right? [clears throat] Um, Um, Um, let's see. let's see. let's see. I'll use this. Maybe I'll use this. Maybe I'll use this. Maybe this ain't working. There we go. I have these envelopes. I have these envelopes. I have these envelopes. I guess these are I guess these are I guess these are Forever stamped Forever stamped Forever stamped envelopes. I don't know. I'm going to have to mail I don't know. I'm going to have to mail I don't know. I'm going to have to mail my mom's something and see if she gets my mom's something and see if she gets my mom's something and see if she gets it. it. it. Mail her a letter Mail her a letter Mail her a letter cuz I've had these for years. cuz I've had these for years. cuz I've had these for years. They came from my uncle. He brought us a bunch of stuff when my He brought us a bunch of stuff when my He brought us a bunch of stuff when my aunt passed away from Texas aunt passed away from Texas aunt passed away from Texas and that was in there. And I think I asked my mom about that And I think I asked my mom about that And I think I asked my mom about that and I'm pretty sure she said and I'm pretty sure she said and I'm pretty sure she said yes, those are forever stamp envelopes yes, those are forever stamp envelopes yes, those are forever stamp envelopes and you could use them. So, and you could use them. So, and you could use them. So, all right. Now I'm just going to use all right. Now I'm just going to use all right. Now I'm just going to use some I always forget what this is called. I always forget what this is called. I always forget what this is called. Concealer I use it all the time too. This is like I use it all the time too. This is like I use it all the time too. This is like my number one thing. I guess cuz I use it more as a I guess cuz I use it more as a I guess cuz I use it more as a foundation foundation foundation that I probably just think of it as that that I probably just think of it as that that I probably just think of it as that and can't think of the real name. and can't think of the real name. and can't think of the real name. But yeah, this is also from Dollar Tree. But yeah, this is also from Dollar Tree. But yeah, this is also from Dollar Tree. Just use my Just use my Just use my brush. Veto, what are you doing, buddy? Veto, what are you doing, buddy? Veto, what are you doing, buddy? wagging your tail. wagging your tail. wagging your tail. There's nobody up there. He's looking up There's nobody up there. He's looking up There's nobody up there. He's looking up at the bed cuz I have I threw a blanket at the bed cuz I have I threw a blanket at the bed cuz I have I threw a blanket cuz the seat that I'm on I keep an extra cuz the seat that I'm on I keep an extra cuz the seat that I'm on I keep an extra blanket on and I threw the blanket on blanket on and I threw the blanket on blanket on and I threw the blanket on the bed the bed the bed and he thinks it he probably thinks it's and he thinks it he probably thinks it's and he thinks it he probably thinks it's Carl up there Carl up there Carl up there but it's not. but it's not. but it's not. Carl's out with his friend outside. So, today's a little bit cooler. It's So, today's a little bit cooler. It's So, today's a little bit cooler. It's nice nice nice for a change. for a change. for a change. Okay, I'm just going to use Okay, I'm just going to use Okay, I'm just going to use this kind of bronzer blush. this kind of bronzer blush. this kind of bronzer blush. Um, I was reading about um seroriatic I was reading about um seroriatic I was reading about um seroriatic arthritis arthritis arthritis because because because like I said, I've been so sore like I said, I've been so sore like I said, I've been so sore and I wasn't thinking it was arthritis and I wasn't thinking it was arthritis and I wasn't thinking it was arthritis because because because the doctor asked me, "Do your joints the doctor asked me, "Do your joints the doctor asked me, "Do your joints hurt?" And I said, "Yeah." But I failed hurt?" And I said, "Yeah." But I failed hurt?" And I said, "Yeah." But I failed to mention to her that my muscles really to mention to her that my muscles really to mention to her that my muscles really hurt. Like my upper arms and my upper hurt. Like my upper arms and my upper hurt. Like my upper arms and my upper legs. legs. legs. Well, when I Googled about it, it said Well, when I Googled about it, it said Well, when I Googled about it, it said that that that when you have seroriatic arthritis when you have seroriatic arthritis when you have seroriatic arthritis or maybe any arthritis, rheumatoid, or maybe any arthritis, rheumatoid, or maybe any arthritis, rheumatoid, whatever, um that your whatever, um that your whatever, um that your muscles can hurt as well muscles can hurt as well muscles can hurt as well because they're like making up for the lack of they're like making up for the lack of they're like making up for the lack of your joints or whatever. So your joints or whatever. So your joints or whatever. So yeah, I don't know too much about it, yeah, I don't know too much about it, yeah, I don't know too much about it, but but but I do know I do know I do know that I don't want to take any harsh. that I don't want to take any harsh. that I don't want to take any harsh. So, I do want to change my diet and I have just recently to see if I can nip this in the bud to see if I can nip this in the bud to see if I can nip this in the bud because because because yeah, this ain't no way to live. I'm in yeah, this ain't no way to live. I'm in yeah, this ain't no way to live. I'm in so much pain so much pain so much pain every day. At night when I lay down, in every day. At night when I lay down, in every day. At night when I lay down, in the morning when I get up, it's the morning when I get up, it's the morning when I get up, it's terrible. And that was another symptom is if And that was another symptom is if And that was another symptom is if you're like real achy when you get up. you're like real achy when you get up. you're like real achy when you get up. Yes. Yes. Yes. Well, yes, I am. [clears throat] Well, yes, I am. [clears throat] Well, yes, I am. [clears throat] But yeah, I I hope I could control it But yeah, I I hope I could control it But yeah, I I hope I could control it through diet and [clears throat] not through diet and [clears throat] not through diet and [clears throat] not have to take anything have to take anything have to take anything cuz I don't know. I I did um quite a cuz I don't know. I I did um quite a cuz I don't know. I I did um quite a while ago actually while ago actually while ago actually not like years or anything, but a few not like years or anything, but a few not like years or anything, but a few months back I joined months back I joined months back I joined the the the seriotic seriotic seriotic arthritis page arthritis page arthritis page and and and just to get some information. just to get some information. just to get some information. And um And um And um that's helping a lot too. Um some that's helping a lot too. Um some that's helping a lot too. Um some feedback from people who deal with it feedback from people who deal with it feedback from people who deal with it even though I don't I'm not diagnosed even though I don't I'm not diagnosed even though I don't I'm not diagnosed with it. But I don't know. I think I with it. But I don't know. I think I with it. But I don't know. I think I think that could be what's going on think that could be what's going on think that could be what's going on because I do have the patch on my back. because I do have the patch on my back. because I do have the patch on my back. I have pitting in my nails, which is also a sign of seroriatic which is also a sign of seroriatic which is also a sign of seroriatic arthritis arthritis arthritis from what I've read. And I know people say, "Quit googling And I know people say, "Quit googling And I know people say, "Quit googling stuff." But guess what? That's what the stuff." But guess what? That's what the stuff." But guess what? That's what the doctors do, too. They'll do it right in doctors do, too. They'll do it right in doctors do, too. They'll do it right in front of you. front of you. front of you. like my um hydrogenitis superior. One of like my um hydrogenitis superior. One of like my um hydrogenitis superior. One of my doctors had no idea what that was. my doctors had no idea what that was. my doctors had no idea what that was. So they Googled it right in front of me So they Googled it right in front of me So they Googled it right in front of me and started reading about it, which was and started reading about it, which was and started reading about it, which was fine. I mean, fine. I mean, fine. I mean, it once was considered to be very rare, it once was considered to be very rare, it once was considered to be very rare, but now more and more people are coming but now more and more people are coming but now more and more people are coming forward that have it. So, because forward that have it. So, because forward that have it. So, because people just didn't know what it was and people just didn't know what it was and people just didn't know what it was and they were embarrassed to come forward they were embarrassed to come forward they were embarrassed to come forward with it. with it. with it. But now, oh yeah, I want to put a little But now, oh yeah, I want to put a little But now, oh yeah, I want to put a little touch of eyeliner on, touch of eyeliner on, touch of eyeliner on, but I don't want this video to be all but I don't want this video to be all but I don't want this video to be all about that. about that. about that. So, So, So, look at these beautiful colors instead. look at these beautiful colors instead. look at these beautiful colors instead. Um, well, well, well, maybe I should There's no purple in maybe I should There's no purple in maybe I should There's no purple in here. here. here. Or is there? That could be like a light Or is there? That could be like a light Or is there? That could be like a light purple. I guess we'll just do this. purple. I guess we'll just do this. purple. I guess we'll just do this. We'll try. We'll try. We'll try. I think this is like a light to medium I think this is like a light to medium I think this is like a light to medium purple. Yes, it is. But yes, it's very nice out today. But yes, it's very nice out today. But yes, it's very nice out today. A nice change in the humidity anyways. So, I hear lots of people riding motorcycles I hear lots of people riding motorcycles I hear lots of people riding motorcycles today and all those fun things of summer. I think it's next week we're supposed to I think it's next week we're supposed to I think it's next week we're supposed to get a touch of fall. get a touch of fall. get a touch of fall. That'll be nice. It's my favorite. That'll be nice. It's my favorite. That'll be nice. It's my favorite. My favorite. All right. Now, let's do some All right. Now, let's do some All right. Now, let's do some mascara. I'm going to go in with mascara. I'm going to go in with mascara. I'm going to go in with Let's see. Maybe not this one. Let's see. Maybe not this one. Let's see. Maybe not this one. I'm going to go in with I'm going to go in with I'm going to go in with I haven't used this one in a while. So, oh, maybe because I can't open it. oh, maybe because I can't open it. oh, maybe because I can't open it. Like the I'm going to have to have my Like the I'm going to have to have my Like the I'm going to have to have my husband probably open this one. husband probably open this one. husband probably open this one. There we go. I got it. Hear that, Veto? I don't know what that Hear that, Veto? I don't know what that Hear that, Veto? I don't know what that is. They might be cutting wood out back. is. They might be cutting wood out back. is. They might be cutting wood out back. It sounds like they just cut wood for um just a backyard fire. And And And just for funs. My mom on the other hand, My mom on the other hand, My mom on the other hand, she has to have a lot of wood she has to have a lot of wood she has to have a lot of wood delivered delivered delivered because she has a wood burning stove in because she has a wood burning stove in because she has a wood burning stove in upstate New York. So for her it's essential, So for her it's essential, So for her it's essential, for us it's [clears throat] just for for us it's [clears throat] just for for us it's [clears throat] just for fun. But it's nice having a wood burning But it's nice having a wood burning But it's nice having a wood burning stove cuz you don't got to pay those high gas cuz you don't got to pay those high gas cuz you don't got to pay those high gas bills. And then in the summer we got to pay pay And then in the summer we got to pay pay And then in the summer we got to pay pay the high electric bills because of the the high electric bills because of the the high electric bills because of the air conditioners. Um, yeah, this one Um, yeah, this one Um, yeah, this one seems like it's starting to dry out. So, I'm glad I'm using it now, though, I'm glad I'm using it now, though, I'm glad I'm using it now, though, because it's working. But I should keep using this one for like my I should keep using this one for like my I should keep using this one for like my everyday until it's gone cuz it is starting to dry out like I said. it is starting to dry out like I said. it is starting to dry out like I said. Okay, so that's the makeup look. I did Okay, so that's the makeup look. I did Okay, so that's the makeup look. I did straighten my hair today before I came straighten my hair today before I came straighten my hair today before I came in here to do this. in here to do this. in here to do this. And let's see. And let's see. And let's see. So, product review. So, product review. So, product review. This is from the Dollar Tree and it's This is from the Dollar Tree and it's This is from the Dollar Tree and it's the Brazilian the Brazilian the Brazilian Orchid. I think it is. I think I said Orchid. I think it is. I think I said Orchid. I think it is. I think I said orchid orchard or something last time, orchid orchard or something last time, orchid orchard or something last time, but I believe that says orchid. but I believe that says orchid. but I believe that says orchid. Brazilian orchid body butter. Brazilian orchid body butter. Brazilian orchid body butter. And it is in the scent And it is in the scent And it is in the scent I have my glasses. What does that say? Oh, orchid and sandalwood scent. scent. scent. So, I've been using this one. It's very So, I've been using this one. It's very So, I've been using this one. It's very thick cuz it's a body butter. It smells thick cuz it's a body butter. It smells thick cuz it's a body butter. It smells pretty good. At first I was like, hm, I pretty good. At first I was like, hm, I pretty good. At first I was like, hm, I don't know. Like I thought it was too don't know. Like I thought it was too don't know. Like I thought it was too strong of a smell. But I've been using strong of a smell. But I've been using strong of a smell. But I've been using it and I use it on my psoriasis on my it and I use it on my psoriasis on my it and I use it on my psoriasis on my back after my showers and it's really back after my showers and it's really back after my showers and it's really good for that. And I've been using it on good for that. And I've been using it on good for that. And I've been using it on my hands. I do have psoriasis on my my hands. I do have psoriasis on my my hands. I do have psoriasis on my hands, too. And I've been doing a lot of hands, too. And I've been doing a lot of hands, too. And I've been doing a lot of dishes lately, giving my hubby a break dishes lately, giving my hubby a break dishes lately, giving my hubby a break because really my hands get really bad because really my hands get really bad because really my hands get really bad in the winter, in the fall and winter I in the winter, in the fall and winter I in the winter, in the fall and winter I think it is. think it is. think it is. Um, and that's when he'll like do more Um, and that's when he'll like do more Um, and that's when he'll like do more dishes and stuff too because my hands dishes and stuff too because my hands dishes and stuff too because my hands get bad. So, but yeah, I'm really liking get bad. So, but yeah, I'm really liking get bad. So, but yeah, I'm really liking this. I put it on my elbows. because I do have the psoriasis on there because I do have the psoriasis on there because I do have the psoriasis on there too. But But But okay, okay, okay, so that's that. But yeah, I really like so that's that. But yeah, I really like so that's that. But yeah, I really like this one. And this one. And this one. And um I have the other one I'll have to um I have the other one I'll have to um I have the other one I'll have to review with you guys another time cuz review with you guys another time cuz review with you guys another time cuz it's not in here. So it's not in here. So it's not in here. So let's see. I'm just going to wear this ring today. I'm just going to wear this ring today. I'm just going to wear this ring today. It matches. Um okay. And that's that. And I'll see Um okay. And that's that. And I'll see Um okay. And that's that. And I'll see you guys in a little bit. >> [music] >> So, I'm back upstairs in the house and I >> So, I'm back upstairs in the house and I >> So, I'm back upstairs in the house and I forgot I was going to show you guys the forgot I was going to show you guys the forgot I was going to show you guys the other day and I never got to it um this other day and I never got to it um this other day and I never got to it um this good deal I got on some groceries. So, good deal I got on some groceries. So, good deal I got on some groceries. So, I'm going to show you now. Okay. So, I'm going to show you now. Okay. So, I'm going to show you now. Okay. So, first of all, this isn't nothing new, first of all, this isn't nothing new, first of all, this isn't nothing new, but well, actually the Philly cheese but well, actually the Philly cheese but well, actually the Philly cheese steak. We've had them before. We steak. We've had them before. We steak. We've had them before. We normally don't get these ones, but I got normally don't get these ones, but I got normally don't get these ones, but I got them because they did not have the them because they did not have the them because they did not have the pepperoni ones available, but these are pepperoni ones available, but these are pepperoni ones available, but these are still good. The Philly cheese steak still good. The Philly cheese steak still good. The Philly cheese steak calzones from Aldi's. So, I picked up calzones from Aldi's. So, I picked up calzones from Aldi's. So, I picked up two of those. two of those. two of those. And those are just a simple meal. I keep And those are just a simple meal. I keep And those are just a simple meal. I keep them in the freezer for when we just them in the freezer for when we just them in the freezer for when we just need something need something need something that, you know, quick. that, you know, quick. that, you know, quick. if I didn't thaw any meat or anything if I didn't thaw any meat or anything if I didn't thaw any meat or anything like that. like that. like that. But then from Giant Eagle, I picked But then from Giant Eagle, I picked But then from Giant Eagle, I picked these up. Um, this one is these up. Um, this one is these up. Um, this one is the sweet sesame chicken. I picked up the sweet sesame chicken. I picked up the sweet sesame chicken. I picked up two of those. two of those. two of those. And then I picked up And then I picked up And then I picked up two pineapple chicken ones. You see two pineapple chicken ones. You see two pineapple chicken ones. You see there's a lot of protein in there. there's a lot of protein in there. there's a lot of protein in there. There's only 290 There's only 290 There's only 290 calories there. 300 in these ones. And calories there. 300 in these ones. And calories there. 300 in these ones. And they're a nice little meal. And then I they're a nice little meal. And then I they're a nice little meal. And then I got one of the general got one of the general got one of the general toos, toos, toos, if that's how you pronounce that. Spicy if that's how you pronounce that. Spicy if that's how you pronounce that. Spicy chicken. Um, chicken. Um, chicken. Um, yeah, I picked these up because they yeah, I picked these up because they yeah, I picked these up because they were five for $10, which is a great deal were five for $10, which is a great deal were five for $10, which is a great deal for these. So that makes them two bucks for these. So that makes them two bucks for these. So that makes them two bucks each. And normally I don't know how much each. And normally I don't know how much each. And normally I don't know how much they are upwards of four or five dollar they are upwards of four or five dollar they are upwards of four or five dollar each. So whenever I see these on sale each. So whenever I see these on sale each. So whenever I see these on sale like that, I get them because they're like that, I get them because they're like that, I get them because they're good. And they're the steamers. They good. And they're the steamers. They good. And they're the steamers. They steam right up in the microwave steam right up in the microwave steam right up in the microwave and they're very good. A nice little and they're very good. A nice little and they're very good. A nice little meal meal meal for a long day when you don't cook. So yeah, as you seen, we were outside So yeah, as you seen, we were outside So yeah, as you seen, we were outside for a little while with our friends and for a little while with our friends and for a little while with our friends and we had a fire in the back. It smells so we had a fire in the back. It smells so we had a fire in the back. It smells so good. It's actually blowing in the good. It's actually blowing in the good. It's actually blowing in the window right now, which I love. And um window right now, which I love. And um window right now, which I love. And um but yeah, now I'm going to eat a late but yeah, now I'm going to eat a late but yeah, now I'm going to eat a late dinner. Um dinner. Um dinner. Um just some leftover um chicken and rice. just some leftover um chicken and rice. just some leftover um chicken and rice. So, So, So, but yeah, I think I'm going to end this but yeah, I think I'm going to end this but yeah, I think I'm going to end this vlog here and thank you for watching and vlog here and thank you for watching and vlog here and thank you for watching and I will see you soon. Bye.