I had given him my credit card to I had given him my credit card to I had given him my credit card to use on his trip and then I use on his trip and then I called the hotels where he had used it and asked whether the called the hotels where he had used it and asked whether the called the hotels where he had used it and asked whether the same girl was there in every hotel or different ones, same girl was there in every hotel or different ones, same girl was there in every hotel or different ones, well I mean he was loyal, well I mean he was loyal, what is she what is she what is she whistling with any one lady, I did not see that good boy, right? whistling with any one lady, I did not see that good boy, right? whistling with any one lady, I did not see that good boy, right? When this happened, my father went to my neck When this happened, my father went to my neck When this happened, my father went to my neck [Sangeet] and [Sangeet] and [Sangeet] and I got a tongue to the sting, I got a tongue to the sting, I got a tongue to the sting, oh friend, the oh friend, the oh friend, the parrot's beak is broken, the parrot's beak is broken, you do parrot's beak is broken, the parrot's beak is broken, you do good work yes you get money for that too, well yes you get money for that too, well yes you get money for that too, well where else can you clean it okay?  So we have kept this show okay?  So we have kept this show okay?  So we have kept this show because as Sagar told, we used to do a lot of because as Sagar told, we used to do a lot of because as Sagar told, we used to do a lot of shows.  So we have given this platform to shows.  So we have given this platform to shows.  So we have given this platform to all the women to all the women to all the women to say whatever they want.  I will not judge at all. say whatever they want.  I will not judge at all. say whatever they want.  I will not judge at all. I am on your team.  Ok I am on your team.  Ok I am on your team.  Ok ? ? ? My best past time is bitching men. My best past time is bitching men. Everyone else is comfortable to talk to. Everyone else is comfortable to talk to. I have brought money for those who did not raise their hands.  Well, it's okay. I have brought money for those who did not raise their hands.  Well, it's okay. I have brought money for those who did not raise their hands.  Well, it's okay. Okay?  So, the better the answers you Okay?  So, the better the answers you Okay?  So, the better the answers you give, the more money I will keep giving you. give, the more money I will keep giving you. give, the more money I will keep giving you. Ok?  This is a good fare.  Well, right now some Ok?  This is a good fare.  Well, right now some Ok?  This is a good fare.  Well, right now some people are thinking that we should talk. people are thinking that we should talk. people are thinking that we should talk. Ok?  So any story you have Ok?  So any story you have Ok?  So any story you have , anything you want to tell, you , anything you want to tell, you , anything you want to tell, you tell your best friend. tell your best friend. tell your best friend. You guys can tell me that.  Correct.  Ok.   Let's You guys can tell me that.  Correct.  Ok.   Let's You guys can tell me that.  Correct.  Ok.   Let's start well brother.  Give him the start well brother.  Give him the start well brother.  Give him the mike. mike. mike. Hi.  Hi. Hi.  Hi. Hi.  Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hey, do you talk like this?  No. Hey, do you talk like this?  No. Hey, do you talk like this?  No. Ok, good.  It's back to normal now.  Ok. Ok, good.  It's back to normal now.  Ok. Ok, good.  It's back to normal now.  Ok. What is your name? What is your name? What is your name? Rena. Rena. Rena. Yes. Yes. Yes. Rena. Rena. Rena. Rena. Rena. Rena. Or Or Or what does it mean? what does it mean? what does it mean? My Akshay name is Rena.  But are My Akshay name is Rena.  But are My Akshay name is Rena.  But are you Renish or Indian? you Renish or Indian? you Renish or Indian? Or [laughs] is that Or [laughs] is that Or [laughs] is that such a big name for you? such a big name for you? such a big name for you? Or Or Or what does your name mean?   Don't know. what does your name mean?   Don't know. what does your name mean?   Don't know. Never Googled Woogle? Never Googled Woogle? Never Googled Woogle? Good.  So what did we tell you?  stay. Good.  So what did we tell you?  stay. Good.  So what did we tell you?  stay. Ok.  If this conversation remains, it will go everywhere like YouTube, Ok.  If this conversation remains, it will go everywhere like YouTube, Ok.  If this conversation remains, it will go everywhere like YouTube, Instagram, you have my consent for Instagram, you have my consent for Instagram, you have my consent for this.  That is good. this.  That is good. this.  That is good. So, have you come here to become famous? So, have you come here to become famous? So, have you come here to become famous? No. No. No. Tell the truth.   No. No.   Is Tell the truth.   No. No.   Is your account public or private? your account public or private? your account public or private? Public. Public. Public. Hey I am a musician. Hey I am a musician. Hey I am a musician. These people have seen Siddhi Didi's video. These people have seen Siddhi Didi's video. These people have seen Siddhi Didi's video. So, do you sing music? So, do you sing music? So, do you sing music? Or Or Or okay, you go home and sing.  Okay here. okay, you go home and sing.  Okay here. okay, you go home and sing.  Okay here. Okay. Okay. Okay. We have become the master of singing.  Good. We have become the master of singing.  Good. We have become the master of singing.  Good. What do you do in life?  Meaning she sings full time What do you do in life?  Meaning she sings full time What do you do in life?  Meaning she sings full time ? ? ? Or I'm a full-time musician. Or I'm a full-time musician. Or I'm a full-time musician. And what do you mean, what type of songs do And what do you mean, what type of songs do And what do you mean, what type of songs do you sing?  I mostly sing such pop music in English. you sing?  I mostly sing such pop music in English. you sing?  I mostly sing such pop music in English. Well, where else do you sing? Well, where else do you sing? Well, where else do you sing? I am based in Dubai.  So there's like I am based in Dubai.  So there's like I am based in Dubai.  So there's like these restaurants and right now there's these restaurants and right now there's these restaurants and right now there's no business, I mean. no business, I mean. no business, I mean. Yes, right now it is a bit off like this. Yes, right now it is a bit off like this. Yes, right now it is a bit off like this. Okay, okay.  And what do these tattoos mean Okay, okay.  And what do these tattoos mean Okay, okay.  And what do these tattoos mean ?  The tattoo on your hand, pass the mic a ?  The tattoo on your hand, pass the mic a ?  The tattoo on your hand, pass the mic a little with your mouth. little with your mouth. little with your mouth. This one? This one? This one? Yes, that's what I see.  [laughter] What a poor idea you guys have. What a poor idea you guys have. What a poor idea you guys have. How do I know how many tattoos you had? How do I know how many tattoos you had? about app about app about app oh oh oh one two three four five six brother this one two three four five six brother this one two three four five six brother this looks like a boomer to me friend [laughs] looks like a boomer to me friend [laughs] looks like a boomer to me friend [laughs] okay what does it mean what is this yes okay what does it mean what is this yes okay what does it mean what is this yes explain this is explain this is explain this is a skull and around it there is a snake and a skull and around it there is a snake and a skull and around it there is a snake and flowers flowers flowers so it it shows life and death so it it shows life and death so it it shows life and death why did you make all this [laughs] by the way you don't know black why did you make all this [laughs] by the way you don't know black why did you make all this [laughs] by the way you don't know black magic magic magic you made it like this and that on the hand and you made it like this and that on the hand and you made it like this and that on the hand and why are you wearing so many rings? why are you wearing so many rings? why are you wearing so many rings? She is also wearing a snake ring.  And what She is also wearing a snake ring.  And what She is also wearing a snake ring.  And what is that together with what? is that together with what? is that together with what? There is a sun and there is a sunflower. There is a sun and there is a sunflower. There is a sun and there is a sunflower. Well, there is sun, there is sunflower and there is something Well, there is sun, there is sunflower and there is something Well, there is sun, there is sunflower and there is something written below, what is that? written below, what is that? written below, what is that? That's a song lyric. That's a song lyric. That's a song lyric. What is he reading? What is he reading? What is he reading? You don't have to be sorry for doing it on You don't have to be sorry for doing it on You don't have to be sorry for doing it on your own. your own. your own. Which song is this?  [laughs] No Which song is this?  [laughs] No Which song is this?  [laughs] No one should write like this.  The bug is the rickshaw driver. one should write like this.  The bug is the rickshaw driver. one should write like this.  The bug is the rickshaw driver. Next, next for sure.   She Next, next for sure.   She Next, next for sure.   She will write the next one. will write the next one. will write the next one. Very nice.  In this, all that skull wall will go away. Very nice.  In this, all that skull wall will go away. Very nice.  In this, all that skull wall will go away. [laughter] There was more. [laughter] There was more. [laughter] There was more. What is that underneath it? What is that underneath it? What is that underneath it? What is this here?  Not this, just a minute.  What is this? What is this here?  Not this, just a minute.  What is this? What is this here?  Not this, just a minute.  What is this? I was discharged from the hospital yesterday.  That's I was discharged from the hospital yesterday.  That's I was discharged from the hospital yesterday.  That's Ivy's this. Ivy's this. Ivy's this. Well, you were in the hospital yesterday. Well, you were in the hospital yesterday. Well, you were in the hospital yesterday. What happened to you? What happened to you? What happened to you? Typhoid. Typhoid. Typhoid. What makes you so happy?  [laughter] I'm typhoid. What makes you so happy?  [laughter] I'm typhoid. What makes you so happy?  [laughter] I'm typhoid. Fancy yes.  poor u.  You will continue to have Fancy yes.  poor u.  You will continue to have Fancy yes.  poor u.  You will continue to have piles.  [laughs] piles.  [laughs] piles.  [laughs] I'm from Dubai, right?  Well, which I'm from Dubai, right?  Well, which I'm from Dubai, right?  Well, which hospital were you in?  A hi, hospital were you in?  A hi, hospital were you in?  A hi, what's okay?  Why is the girl next door asking?   I don't remember the what's okay?  Why is the girl next door asking?   I don't remember the what's okay?  Why is the girl next door asking?   I don't remember the entire hospital in Lokhandwala. entire hospital in Lokhandwala. entire hospital in Lokhandwala. So you go into anyone.  Hey doctor, I am here. So you go into anyone.  Hey doctor, I am here. So you go into anyone.  Hey doctor, I am here. Apply saline under the tattoo. Apply saline under the tattoo. Apply saline under the tattoo. You don't even know the name of the hospital. You don't even know the name of the hospital. You don't even know the name of the hospital. I was not well.  Yes.   If I was not well.  Yes.   If I was not well.  Yes.   If you were not well, did your mind go blank you were not well, did your mind go blank you were not well, did your mind go blank ?  [laughter] Was the typhoid so severe, ?  [laughter] Was the typhoid so severe, ?  [laughter] Was the typhoid so severe, sir?  Okay, okay.  Yes, sir?  Okay, okay.  Yes, sir?  Okay, okay.  Yes, what happened?  How major was yours like this? what happened?  How major was yours like this? what happened?  How major was yours like this? Yes, I mean, like I was vomiting since 10 Yes, I mean, like I was vomiting since 10 Yes, I mean, like I was vomiting since 10 days, then it came again, it was days, then it came again, it was days, then it came again, it was definitely typhoid definitely typhoid definitely typhoid or [laughs] I am asking, friend, I used to get dengue, that's why it was happening, asking, friend, I used to get dengue, that's why it was happening, asking, friend, I used to get dengue, that's why it was happening, your thinking will go in that direction only, okay, your thinking will go in that direction only, okay, your thinking will go in that direction only, okay, yes, what is yes, what is yes, what is lady special, lady special, lady special, ladies special, right? Yes, what should I ask ladies special, right? Yes, what should I ask ladies special, right? Yes, what should I ask next [laughs] yes, you have a boyfriend, what is his name? I am actually married, yes, you have a boyfriend, what is his name? I am actually married, but I am going to get divorced, but I am going to get divorced, but I am going to get divorced, oh why? Friends, one seat is becoming vacant.  [laughs] Because he's cheating on me. Because he's cheating on me. Because he's cheating on me. What a joke? What a joke? What a joke? And he doesn't know that I know.   We will know soon. And he doesn't know that I know.   We will know soon. I am planning everything. I am planning everything. I am planning everything. Well, here is the soft launch.  This is Well, here is the soft launch.  This is Well, here is the soft launch.  This is soft.  What do you say?  Soft crashing. soft.  What do you say?  Soft crashing. soft.  What do you say?  Soft crashing. Well, he doesn't know. Well, he doesn't know. Well, he doesn't know. No. No. No. And he was cheating in Dubai? And he was cheating in Dubai? And he was cheating in Dubai? Yes.  Yes, he Yes.  Yes, he Yes.  Yes, he is an international player [laughs] is an international player [laughs] is an international player [laughs] how did you know that he is cheating, how did you know that he is cheating, how did you know that he is cheating, I gave him my credit card to I gave him my credit card to I gave him my credit card to use on his trip, so use on his trip, so use on his trip, so he used it and then I he used it and then I he used it and then I called the hotels where he used it and called the hotels where he used it and called the hotels where he used it and asked who all had checked in, whether asked who all had checked in, whether asked who all had checked in, whether my card was used, then they my card was used, then they my card was used, then they gave me their IDs, gave me their IDs, gave me their IDs, oh man it is sad, otherwise it was very sad oh man it is sad, otherwise it was very sad oh man it is sad, otherwise it was very sad but now it is funny but now it is funny but now it is funny because I am planning with my dad to kick him up because I am planning with my dad to kick him up perfect perfect perfect [cheering voice][applause] [cheering voice][applause] [cheering voice][applause] and where did he go with your credit card, I and where did he go with your credit card, I and where did he go with your credit card, I mean which country was he in?   I think he was mean which country was he in?   I think he was mean which country was he in?   I think he was in Darjeeling.  Remember here, I was in Darjeeling.  Remember here, I was in Darjeeling.  Remember here, I was in India, in India, in India, yes in India yes in India yes in India and you were in Dubai. and you were in Dubai. and you were in Dubai. Yes. Yes. Yes. So why did you give him the card? So why did you give him the card? So why did you give him the card? I gave it to him as if he I gave it to him as if he I gave it to him as if he needed it for extra expenses, so he could take it. needed it for extra expenses, so he could take it. So he did it. So he did it. So he did it. But I also felt bad that he did it with your money.   Or. But I also felt bad that he did it with your money.   Or. And was it the same girl at each hotel or And was it the same girl at each hotel or And was it the same girl at each hotel or different? different? different? Beans.  Well, I mean he was loyal. Beans.  Well, I mean he was loyal. Beans.  Well, I mean he was loyal. Not with me, right? Not with me, right? Not with me, right? With some woman.  But you are happy now With some woman.  But you are happy now With some woman.  But you are happy now but in life? but in life? but in life? Kind of. Kind of. Kind of. Ok, good.  Meaning, Ok, good.  Meaning, Ok, good.  Meaning, you just found out that I am over. you just found out that I am over. you just found out that I am over. Yes, just like two weeks ago. Yes, just like two weeks ago. Yes, just like two weeks ago. Can we do something to make you happy? Can we do something to make you happy? Can we do something to make you happy? Hey, what Hey, what Hey, what kind of nasty women are you guys?  A kind of nasty women are you guys?  A kind of nasty women are you guys?  A man is asking a woman from his heart.   Give me some man is asking a woman from his heart.   Give me some man is asking a woman from his heart.   Give me some liquor.   Do liquor.   Do liquor.   Do you want to drink alcohol? you want to drink alcohol? you want to drink alcohol? No.   Do No.   Do No.   Do you drink alcohol?  Otherwise what can you drink alcohol?  Otherwise what can you drink alcohol?  Otherwise what can I do?  I will give you some gift. I do?  I will give you some gift. I do?  I will give you some gift. Ok?  Wait.  We have a gift by the way. Ok?  Wait.  We have a gift by the way. Ok?  Wait.  We have a gift by the way. Where is this gift?  Yes, this is fine. Where is this gift?  Yes, this is fine. Where is this gift?  Yes, this is fine. Yes, these caps are good?  This Yes, these caps are good?  This Yes, these caps are good?  This is a cap from Urban Monkey.  Ok?  This is totally is a cap from Urban Monkey.  Ok?  This is totally is a cap from Urban Monkey.  Ok?  This is totally cute.  [cheering voice] [applause] Do cute.  [cheering voice] [applause] Do cute.  [cheering voice] [applause] Do you like it? you like it? you like it? I love cats. I love cats. I love cats. Oh!  So did you like Cat and Cap too? Oh!  So did you like Cat and Cap too? Oh!  So did you like Cat and Cap too? Or it's so cute.  Thank you. Or it's so cute.  Thank you. Or it's so cute.  Thank you. Or I gave it to you because Or I gave it to you because Or I gave it to you because someone was making you wear the hat anyway. someone was making you wear the hat anyway. someone was making you wear the hat anyway. How did you like my joke?  Everyone please clap once How did you like my joke?  Everyone please clap once How did you like my joke?  Everyone please clap once for this.  [Applause] Great.  Who else is there and who needs to talk? Great.  Who else is there and who needs to talk? Great.  Who else is there and who needs to talk? Yes, brother, give him the mike.  Okay Yes, brother, give him the mike.  Okay Yes, brother, give him the mike.  Okay okay ma'am, give him the mike. okay ma'am, give him the mike. okay ma'am, give him the mike. Hello hi. Hello hi. Hello hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. What is your name? What is your name? What is your name? Kaveri. Kaveri. Kaveri. So Kaveri, all these things will So Kaveri, all these things will So Kaveri, all these things will go everywhere like YouTube, Instagram.  I have your consent. go everywhere like YouTube, Instagram.  I have your consent. go everywhere like YouTube, Instagram.  I have your consent. And do you have any brother or sister Kaveri? And do you have any brother or sister Kaveri? And do you have any brother or sister Kaveri? What?   Do What?   Do What?   Do you have any brothers or sisters? you have any brothers or sisters? you have any brothers or sisters? My sister.   Is My sister.   Is My sister.   Is she your real sister? she your real sister? she your real sister? Good.  what is its name? Good.  what is its name? Good.  what is its name? lights. lights. lights. Ok.  Did the parents have to Ok.  Did the parents have to Ok.  Did the parents have to make electricity?  [laughter] make electricity?  [laughter] make electricity?  [laughter] That the light and the river got mixed up. That the light and the river got mixed up. That the light and the river got mixed up. We are four sisters. We are four sisters. We are four sisters. Oh! Oh! Oh! Megha, Roshni, Kaveri, Janvi. Megha, Roshni, Kaveri, Janvi. Megha, Roshni, Kaveri, Janvi. It looks like Bashpi Bhavan is happening. It looks like Bashpi Bhavan is happening. It looks like Bashpi Bhavan is happening. And those two didn't come, the rest? And those two didn't come, the rest? And those two didn't come, the rest? No. No. No. What number are you on? What number are you on? What number are you on? Third. Third. Third. Good.  And this? Good.  And this? Good.  And this? Seconds. Seconds. Seconds. And there is a fourth one too. And there is a fourth one too. And there is a fourth one too. Yes.  What did your family want when you were about to be born Yes.  What did your family want when you were about to be born Yes.  What did your family want when you were about to be born ? ? ? Boy Boy Boy Oh so you feel bad like this? Oh so you feel bad like this? Oh so you feel bad like this? No [laughs] No [laughs] No [laughs] why would it? why would it? why would it? It is not my fault. It is not my fault. It is not my fault. No, hey [laughs] he played the victim card. he played the victim card. he played the victim card. What is my fault?  This society which always What is my fault?  This society which always What is my fault?  This society which always wants the lamp of the lineage.  [laughs] wants the lamp of the lineage.  [laughs] wants the lamp of the lineage.  [laughs] Kaveri happened at their house.  No, it's okay, Kaveri happened at their house.  No, it's okay, Kaveri happened at their house.  No, it's okay, friend. friend. friend. When this happened, my father fell into the gutter. When this happened, my father fell into the gutter. When this happened, my father fell into the gutter. No No No No, she's lying.   Is No, she's lying.   Is No, she's lying.   Is she lying?   She is she lying?   She is she lying?   She is lying. lying. lying. She's big, isn't she? She's big, isn't she? She's big, isn't she? No.   She No.   She No.   She is elder, she knows everything. is elder, she knows everything. is elder, she knows everything. No, she is lying.  Which happened after me, No, she is lying.  Which happened after me, No, she is lying.  Which happened after me, Janvi.   I Janvi.   I Janvi.   I fell then. fell then. fell then. Then there were the falls [laughter].  Is it Papa's hobby to do Then there were the falls [laughter].  Is it Papa's hobby to do Then there were the falls [laughter].  Is it Papa's hobby to do gutter building, gutter building, Doctor Sahib, what happened to you girl, where Doctor Sahib, what happened to you girl, where Doctor Sahib, what happened to you girl, where is the gutter [laughs] no no, is the gutter [laughs] no no, is the gutter [laughs] no no, what happened, what happened, what happened, and what about you brother, are you putting your own vine juice, what should I and what about you brother, are you putting your own vine juice, what should I and what about you brother, are you putting your own vine juice, what should I say, some good child, nothing like that had happened, say, some good child, nothing like that had happened, say, some good child, nothing like that had happened, he was happy, she is saying no, the time of the younger one, no no, he was happy, she is saying no, the time of the younger one, no no, it is true that he fell in the gutter it is true that he fell in the gutter it is true that he fell in the gutter [laughs] but [laughs] but [laughs] but I understood why he wanted a boy as a child, I understood why he wanted a boy as a child, I understood why he wanted a boy as a child, these girls are going out and these girls are going out and these girls are going out and spreading all this [laughs] spreading all this [laughs] spreading all this [laughs] no, when I was born, I mean, I had more no, when I was born, I mean, I had more no, when I was born, I mean, I had more expectations that it would be a boy, expectations that it would be a boy, expectations that it would be a boy, but it was not a boy, but during my time, we did but it was not a boy, but during my time, we did but it was not a boy, but during my time, we did not fall in the gutter [laughs] but he was happy, not fall in the gutter [laughs] but he was happy, not fall in the gutter [laughs] but he was happy, happy, do happy, do happy, do you think I am a judge, does it depend, you think I am a judge, does it depend, you think I am a judge, does it depend, Judge sir, Judge sir, Judge sir, I am not that person I am not that person I am not that person because she is lying, oh yes, it is because she is lying, oh yes, it is because she is lying, oh yes, it is right, she is your sister, right, she is your sister, right, she is your sister, then when the fourth time also a girl was born, then then when the fourth time also a girl was born, then then when the fourth time also a girl was born, then Papa got very tensed, Papa got very tensed, Papa got very tensed, then only then, but do then only then, but do then only then, but do you people have some such royal you people have some such royal you people have some such royal nickname that why did they nickname that why did they nickname that why did they want a boy to continue that legacy, I don't know, want a boy to continue that legacy, I don't know, you never asked, you never asked, you never asked, yes, what, what, you tell me  As for her, yes, what, what, you tell me  As for her, yes, what, what, you tell me  As for her, she is saying tell them where we came from, she is saying tell them where we came from, she is saying tell them where we came from, Solapur Solapur Solapur or or or guess the guess the guess the gutter [laughs] gutter [laughs] gutter [laughs] sorry sorry, not sorry sorry, not sorry sorry, not Amarnath, not Amarnath, not Amarnath, not Bangladesh, Bangladesh, Bangladesh, not Darjeeling. not Darjeeling. not Darjeeling. Now we will keep playing KBC. Now we will keep playing KBC. Now we will keep playing KBC. 1 minute 1 minute.  I decide after looking at your face. 1 minute 1 minute.  I decide after looking at your face. 1 minute 1 minute.  I decide after looking at your face. Ok? Ok? Ok? Nashik Nashik Nashik Kurla. How will those people come from Pakistan?   Will a How will those people come from Pakistan?   Will a How will those people come from Pakistan?   Will a boy be named Kaveri in Pakistan boy be named Kaveri in Pakistan boy be named Kaveri in Pakistan ? ? ? Never Nashik. Never Nashik. Never Nashik. Nashik. Nashik. Nashik. From Nashik.  And what did you get by doing this now? From Nashik.  And what did you get by doing this now? From Nashik.  And what did you get by doing this now? You got to see it, right? You got to see it, right? You got to see it, right? What did you get to see? What did you get to see? What did you get to see? We will see you.  We have been sitting here since 3:00 pm from Nashik. We will see you.  We have been sitting here since 3:00 pm from Nashik. Oh man, thank you.  Thanks a lot.  [Applause] Oh man, thank you.  Thanks a lot.  [Applause] Oh man, thank you.  Thanks a lot.  [Applause] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And she has left her 9-month old daughter with her And she has left her 9-month old daughter with her And she has left her 9-month old daughter with her husband.  You take care of it, I will watch the show. husband.  You take care of it, I will watch the show. husband.  You take care of it, I will watch the show. Thank you friend.  Thanks a lot. Thank you friend.  Thanks a lot. Thank you friend.  Thanks a lot. Meaning I should have come much earlier.  Much Meaning I should have come much earlier.  Much Meaning I should have come much earlier.  Much more should have come earlier.  Meaning it's been a long time. more should have come earlier.  Meaning it's been a long time. more should have come earlier.  Meaning it's been a long time. I'll come in advance. I'll come in advance. I'll come in advance. Yes, but Yes, but Yes, but thank you friend.  Look, thank you friend.  Look, thank you friend.  Look, only girls can do all these things.  That's why I think girls are the only girls can do all these things.  That's why I think girls are the only girls can do all these things.  That's why I think girls are the best.  Ok?  Girls who say yes best.  Ok?  Girls who say yes best.  Ok?  Girls who say yes my father fell into the gutter.  What happened, what my father fell into the gutter.  What happened, what my father fell into the gutter.  What happened, what happened?  Used to drink alcohol.  Best best friend, right right.  Give happened?  Used to drink alcohol.  Best best friend, right right.  Give happened?  Used to drink alcohol.  Best best friend, right right.  Give a round of applause for these two. a round of applause for these two. a round of applause for these two. Thanks a lot you both came. Thanks a lot you both came. Thanks a lot you both came. And what my mother was telling me was that when And what my mother was telling me was that when And what my mother was telling me was that when both of you reach Mumbai. both of you reach Mumbai. both of you reach Mumbai. Yes. Yes. Yes. So she would tell me on the phone in the morning that if So she would tell me on the phone in the morning that if So she would tell me on the phone in the morning that if someone gave me something to eat there, then don't eat it. someone gave me something to eat there, then don't eat it. someone gave me something to eat there, then don't eat it. Get a french fry.   Is Get a french fry.   Is Get a french fry.   Is someone eating something for you?  Someone must be eating it. someone eating something for you?  Someone must be eating it. someone eating something for you?  Someone must be eating it. Who is eating?  Yes, give two in front.  Who Who is eating?  Yes, give two in front.  Who Who is eating?  Yes, give two in front.  Who is eating?  Aunties, give me your hands.  [laughs] is eating?  Aunties, give me your hands.  [laughs] is eating?  Aunties, give me your hands.  [laughs] My mom told me not to. My mom told me not to. My mom told me not to. Please, please, please Please, please, please Please, please, please [encouraging voice] please [encouraging voice] please [encouraging voice] please take it a little further.  Take it further.  Take it further.  [laughs] My mom said no to it. My mom said no to it. My mom said no to it. Hey you, you give it to me. Hey you, you give it to me. Hey you, you give it to me. Hey, why are you crying? You have to Hey, why are you crying? You have to Hey, why are you crying? You have to eat at least something, will eat at least something, will eat at least something, will you feed me? [laughter] you feed me? [laughter] you feed me? [laughter] You can at least do this much, I will come for you You can at least do this much, I will come for you You can at least do this much, I will come for you from Nashik. I have come today, mother, one should never I have come today, mother, one should never I have come today, mother, one should never disrespect mother, disrespect mother, disrespect mother, this is a lesson.  Never trust boys. this is a lesson.  Never trust boys. this is a lesson.  Never trust boys. How did I kill the girl of the moment?   I didn't do it.   Didn't you do it How did I kill the girl of the moment?   I didn't do it.   Didn't you do it ?  Were you going to eat it like that? ?  Were you going to eat it like that? ?  Were you going to eat it like that? No. No. No. Yes, it was seen. Yes, it was seen. Yes, it was seen. Okay, when you eat, yes, Okay, when you eat, yes, Okay, when you eat, yes, mother told me not to eat food from anyone else's hand. mother told me not to eat food from anyone else's hand. mother told me not to eat food from anyone else's hand. Look, if it were mine, I would have fed it.  What did those aunties Look, if it were mine, I would have fed it.  What did those aunties Look, if it were mine, I would have fed it.  What did those aunties bring? bring? bring? Sir, really. Sir, really. Sir, really. Really?  [laughter] It was Really?  [laughter] It was Really?  [laughter] It was up to you.   Cute cute. up to you.   Cute cute. up to you.   Cute cute. So give a round of applause So give a round of applause So give a round of applause for these two.  [Applause] for these two.  [Applause] for these two.  [Applause] What do you think of that person sitting in the corner What do you think of that person sitting in the corner What do you think of that person sitting in the corner ?  We should give money to this Kaveri. ?  We should give money to this Kaveri. ?  We should give money to this Kaveri. How much should I give?  Whatever feels right to you, How much should I give?  Whatever feels right to you, How much should I give?  Whatever feels right to you, yes?  Where is this?  Yes. yes?  Where is this?  Yes. yes?  Where is this?  Yes. Whatever feels right to Whatever feels right to Whatever feels right to me.  I am selling sarees me.  I am selling sarees me.  I am selling sarees here.  [laughter] here.  [laughter] here.  [laughter] Yeah, tell me. Yeah, tell me. Yeah, tell me. should give.  Ok. These These These and what else give it something else.  Yes, and what else give it something else.  Yes, and what else give it something else.  Yes, you can keep this hoodie also.  You came from so far away for you can keep this hoodie also.  You came from so far away for you can keep this hoodie also.  You came from so far away for me.  Thanks a lot.  Ok.  Please give this also. me.  Thanks a lot.  Ok.  Please give this also. me.  Thanks a lot.  Ok.  Please give this also. Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. Yes, now everyone will say that we have also come from far away. Yes, now everyone will say that we have also come from far away. Yes, now everyone will say that we have also come from far away. Ok.  Who else is there?  And who Ok.  Who else is there?  And who Ok.  Who else is there?  And who needs to talk?  Yes, okay.  Yes yes give it to him, give it to him. needs to talk?  Yes, okay.  Yes yes give it to him, give it to him. needs to talk?  Yes, okay.  Yes yes give it to him, give it to him. Hi, what's your name?  Ok, good. Hi, what's your name?  Ok, good. Hi, what's your name?  Ok, good. Yes yes yes, so Mansi, all these things will Yes yes yes, so Mansi, all these things will Yes yes yes, so Mansi, all these things will go everywhere, YouTube, Instagram.  I have your go everywhere, YouTube, Instagram.  I have your go everywhere, YouTube, Instagram.  I have your consent.  And what have you brought with consent.  And what have you brought with consent.  And what have you brought with you?   For you?   For you?   For you. you. you. Brought it for me.  Oh thanks.  What is it friend? Brought it for me.  Oh thanks.  What is it friend? Brought it for me.  Oh thanks.  What is it friend? See, today I had a lot of fun brother.  That's why girls are the See, today I had a lot of fun brother.  That's why girls are the See, today I had a lot of fun brother.  That's why girls are the best, brother.  [laughter] best, brother.  [laughter] best, brother.  [laughter] Girls, people don't bring anything.  What is? Girls, people don't bring anything.  What is? Girls, people don't bring anything.  What is? Yes, till then tell me what do you do Yes, till then tell me what do you do Yes, till then tell me what do you do in life Mansi?   Nothing. in life Mansi?   Nothing. So whose money is this?   It's worth So whose money is this?   It's worth So whose money is this?   It's worth my money. my money. my money. This is your credit card and some other [laughs] oh brother.  I feel bad now.  I oh brother.  I feel bad now.  I oh brother.  I feel bad now.  I spent this money using my father's money.  Whose spent this money using my father's money.  Whose spent this money using my father's money.  Whose money did you use to do this?   With money did you use to do this?   With money did you use to do this?   With my money. my money. my money. This is the frame.  Oh wow.   It This is the frame.  Oh wow.   It This is the frame.  Oh wow.   It 's very nice, friend.  Yes, I will show you this.   I will show you. 's very nice, friend.  Yes, I will show you this.   I will show you. 's very nice, friend.  Yes, I will show you this.   I will show you. What should we do with this garbage?  Yes, okay.  I What should we do with this garbage?  Yes, okay.  I What should we do with this garbage?  Yes, okay.  I put it in my pocket.  No [laughter] put it in my pocket.  No [laughter] put it in my pocket.  No [laughter] Yeah, okay. Who likes it?   It's Who likes it?   It's Who likes it?   It's very nice Ray.  What? very nice Ray.  What? very nice Ray.  What? Oh well you have to see it too.  [laughter] It's me and these are my parents. me and these are my parents. me and these are my parents. This is mine, right?  [laughter] Are This is mine, right?  [laughter] Are This is mine, right?  [laughter] Are you guys making fun of everything, you guys making fun of everything, you guys making fun of everything, man.  Yes, take this.  Yes.   The man.  Yes, take this.  Yes.   The man.  Yes, take this.  Yes.   The company is giving. company is giving. company is giving. Who is he giving company to?  Yes, take this also. Who is he giving company to?  Yes, take this also. Who is he giving company to?  Yes, take this also. Nice. Nice. Nice. A note was also written in this bag. A note was also written in this bag. A note was also written in this bag. Well, there is a note in it also.  Oh, he'll have that Well, there is a note in it also.  Oh, he'll have that Well, there is a note in it also.  Oh, he'll have that tag.   It is tag.   It is tag.   It is written on that tag.  Ok, good. written on that tag.  Ok, good. written on that tag.  Ok, good. To the person who is the reason of my countless To the person who is the reason of my countless To the person who is the reason of my countless laughter.  A little token of love from laughter.  A little token of love from laughter.  A little token of love from me but you deserve the world.   I was not supposed to read in front of everyone. not supposed to read in front of everyone. not supposed to read in front of everyone. Good. Good. Good. Who speaks after reading this?  [laughs] You should have Who speaks after reading this?  [laughs] You should have Who speaks after reading this?  [laughs] You should have told me all this earlier and what is this that is written told me all this earlier and what is this that is written told me all this earlier and what is this that is written ?  98204 No, I will not tell you the whole story because write, No, I will not tell you the whole story because write, No, I will not tell you the whole story because write, why are you laughing?  It was not written at all.  Okay why are you laughing?  It was not written at all.  Okay why are you laughing?  It was not written at all.  Okay okay.  What were the names of Mansi? okay.  What were the names of Mansi? okay.  What were the names of Mansi? Mansi. Mansi. Mansi. What does Mansi do in life? What does Mansi do in life? What does Mansi do in life? Why not?   I mean, I'm Why not?   I mean, I'm Why not?   I mean, I'm not doing anything right now. not doing anything right now. not doing anything right now. Okay, how old are you? Okay, how old are you? Okay, how old are you? Here I was working. Here I was working. Here I was working. Don't Mike Yes Stationery.  Earlier I was working with. Don't Mike Yes Stationery.  Earlier I was working with. So, are you an air hostess? So, are you an air hostess? So, are you an air hostess? Was. Was. Was. Oh, I am not sitting right now. Oh, I am not sitting right now. Oh, I am not sitting right now. No I just got trained as an air hostess but No I just got trained as an air hostess but No I just got trained as an air hostess but I did not work. I did not work. I did not work. So are you looking for a job right now? So are you looking for a job right now? So are you looking for a job right now? Yes. Yes. Yes. What type of job do you want? What type of job do you want? What type of job do you want? Anything but my mother is Anything but my mother is Anything but my mother is forcing me to do a government job. forcing me to do a government job. forcing me to do a government job. So will you prepare for the government now So will you prepare for the government now So will you prepare for the government now ? ? ? Good.  Are you happy in your life? Good.  Are you happy in your life? Good.  Are you happy in your life? No. No. No. You have a boyfriend. You have a boyfriend. You have a boyfriend. Yes. Yes. Yes. So why are you saying everything in such a sad manner So why are you saying everything in such a sad manner So why are you saying everything in such a sad manner ?  Boyfriend, yes.  [laughter] ?  Boyfriend, yes.  [laughter] ?  Boyfriend, yes.  [laughter] Where is he? Where is he? Where is he? He is at his home right now. He is at his home right now. He is at his home right now. Traveling around Darjeeling.  Have you Traveling around Darjeeling.  Have you Traveling around Darjeeling.  Have you come there to create trouble?  [laughter] come there to create trouble?  [laughter] come there to create trouble?  [laughter] Yes.  So where did you find this boyfriend? Yes.  So where did you find this boyfriend? Yes.  So where did you find this boyfriend? We Were Neighbors.  We lived upstairs We Were Neighbors.  We lived upstairs We Were Neighbors.  We lived upstairs from the first floor.  [laughter] from the first floor.  [laughter] from the first floor.  [laughter] What is all this?  Yes.  Top floor, bottom What is all this?  Yes.  Top floor, bottom What is all this?  Yes.  Top floor, bottom floor?  [laughter] It was like that, floor?  [laughter] It was like that, floor?  [laughter] It was like that, right?  What does the boyfriend do?   He is right?  What does the boyfriend do?   He is right?  What does the boyfriend do?   He is a cinematographer. a cinematographer. a cinematographer. Good.  And how many years have you been dating?   It's been Good.  And how many years have you been dating?   It's been Good.  And how many years have you been dating?   It's been two-three years now.  [laughter] two-three years now.  [laughter] two-three years now.  [laughter] Why, who's the one with the arm?  Are you seeing some scene going on Why, who's the one with the arm?  Are you seeing some scene going on Why, who's the one with the arm?  Are you seeing some scene going on ? ? ? Best friend best friend. Best friend best friend. Best friend best friend. Yes, so some scene is going on, you guys mean it is Yes, so some scene is going on, you guys mean it is Yes, so some scene is going on, you guys mean it is going on right? going on right? going on right? Yes, it is going well.  It just keeps going on and off. Yes, it is going well.  It just keeps going on and off. Yes, that's why we want to know.  [laughs] Does that Yes, that's why we want to know.  [laughs] Does that Yes, that's why we want to know.  [laughs] Does that mean he works in Bollywood?   No. No. mean he works in Bollywood?   No. No. So what do cinematographers do? So what do cinematographers do? So what do cinematographers do? Agents like wedding shoots, prewedding Agents like wedding shoots, prewedding Agents like wedding shoots, prewedding etc. etc. etc. Okay, okay, I understand.  Yes.  So Okay, okay, I understand.  Yes.  So Okay, okay, I understand.  Yes.  So why does it turn on and off? why does it turn on and off? why does it turn on and off? Why did you guys have your last time off?  It happened just the day before yesterday because Why did you guys have your last time off?  It happened just the day before yesterday because Why did you guys have your last time off?  It happened just the day before yesterday because he is not giving me time he is not giving me time he is not giving me time because I have shifted. because I have shifted. because I have shifted. Because he has work.  [laughter] Because he has work.  [laughter] Because he has work.  [laughter] He doesn't have it.   Sorry sorry. He doesn't have it.   Sorry sorry. He doesn't have it.   Sorry sorry. I went to the wrong team, man. I went to the wrong team, man. I went to the wrong team, man. Okay, yes, should I give time? Okay, yes, should I give time? Okay, yes, should I give time? Yes.  Why does time tell you Yes.  Why does time tell you Yes.  Why does time tell you how much time do you usually need? how much time do you usually need? how much time do you usually need? How many times did you meet in a week? How many times did you meet in a week? How many times did you meet in a week? At least you can text me before going to sleep at night, right At least you can text me before going to sleep at night, right At least you can text me before going to sleep at night, right ? ? ? He doesn't even text. He doesn't even text. He doesn't even text. No, he just says I am sleeping.  Good No, he just says I am sleeping.  Good No, he just says I am sleeping.  Good night.  Bye. night.  Bye. night.  Bye. So where does he say this? So where does he say this? So where does he say this? But what kind of text is this?  I mean, But what kind of text is this?  I mean, But what kind of text is this?  I mean, I stay put.   So I stay put.   So I stay put.   So you wait the whole day thinking that you wait the whole day thinking that you wait the whole day thinking that we will chat or talk at night.  But he comes and we will chat or talk at night.  But he comes and we will chat or talk at night.  But he comes and says I am sleeping. says I am sleeping. says I am sleeping. Yes. Yes. Yes. Can we see the chat? I am doing it for you.  [laughs] A I am doing it for you.  [laughs] A I am doing it for you.  [laughs] A little bit please, I don't know, I don't know, there's nothing there. little bit please, I don't know, I don't know, there's nothing there. Yes, everything is fine.  Anyway, you wo Yes, everything is fine.  Anyway, you wo Yes, everything is fine.  Anyway, you wo n't have any romance left right now.  That's why boys fall asleep as soon as the conversation begins.  Is n't have any romance left right now.  That's why boys fall asleep as soon as the conversation begins.  Is n't have any romance left right now.  That's why boys fall asleep as soon as the conversation begins.  Is this sorry sorry this sorry sorry this sorry sorry I [laughs] I [laughs] I [laughs] ok boys do wrong, you should ok boys do wrong, you should ok boys do wrong, you should give more time to others [laughs] you should keep pampering them, there is nothing, what have give more time to others [laughs] you should keep pampering them, there is nothing, what have you done, yes I unlocked it, yes okay okay, you done, yes I unlocked it, yes okay okay, you done, yes I unlocked it, yes okay okay, yes what is this chat, yes what is this chat, yes what is this chat, which app is this, this is a which app is this, this is a which app is this, this is a chat. chat. chat. Oh so this is showing [laughs] Oh so this is showing [laughs] Oh so this is showing [laughs] oh everything disappears on this, for something to oh everything disappears on this, for something to oh everything disappears on this, for something to disappear there should be something, there is nothing, disappear there should be something, there is nothing, disappear there should be something, there is nothing, okay this is it, I could sleep, no, I could not sleep, okay this is it, I could sleep, no, I could not sleep, oh sorry sorry yes I [laughs] it is a oh sorry sorry yes I [laughs] it is a oh sorry sorry yes I [laughs] it is a sentimental message, friend, this is, I could not sleep, sorry, sorry, I was sentimental message, friend, this is, I could not sleep, sorry, sorry, I was sentimental message, friend, this is, I could not sleep, sorry, sorry, I was saying, oh what is this saying, oh what is this [laughs] what do my, my eyes are moist, right now, [laughs] what do my, my eyes are moist, right now, stop for 2 minutes in between the emotional message, stop for 2 minutes in between the emotional message, stop for 2 minutes in between the emotional message, don't go to the washroom, my eyes are moist, but I have also come to cover them.  [laughter] Oh brother, no, you guys laugh, you guys laugh, Oh brother, no, you guys laugh, you guys laugh, Oh brother, no, you guys laugh, you guys laugh, what do you have to do, brother, are what do you have to do, brother, are what do you have to do, brother, are you sad or happy? You've become so lazy, you you sad or happy? You've become so lazy, you you sad or happy? You've become so lazy, you just want to see content [laughter] Oh, my God, just want to see content [laughter] Oh, my God, just want to see content [laughter] Oh, my God, people chat so much on Snapchat, people chat so much on Snapchat, people chat so much on Snapchat, oh brother, what can oh brother, what can oh brother, what can we do about it, okay, you had a we do about it, okay, you had a we do about it, okay, you had a dream in life, you wanted to dream in life, you wanted to dream in life, you wanted to become an IAS officer, you became one, right? You become an IAS officer, you became one, right? You can't go now, can you join now? You started training, can't go now, can you join now? You started training, can't go now, can you join now? You started training, but I just lost my but I just lost my but I just lost my mind, will I have to mind, will I have to mind, will I have to train again for three months, then all train again for three months, then all train again for three months, then all the exams and all? Who will do it so the exams and all? Who will do it so the exams and all? Who will do it so well? well? well? This is called efforts, This is called efforts, This is called efforts, I made them too, I made them too, I made them too, okay [sound of clearing throat] okay [sound of clearing throat] okay [sound of clearing throat] but it wasn't in my destiny, so it wasn't meant to be, but it wasn't in my destiny, so it wasn't meant to be, but it wasn't in my destiny, so it wasn't meant to be, so okay, okay, have you so okay, okay, have you so okay, okay, have you ever fallen in ever fallen in ever fallen in love, love, love, yes, yes, yes, when when when what a cheap guy you are, hey, right now, yes, what a cheap guy you are, hey, right now, yes, what a cheap guy you are, hey, right now, yes, clap for this, everybody clap for this, everybody clap for this, everybody Whom do you ask, yes, this girl in Specs, Whom do you ask, yes, this girl in Specs, Whom do you ask, yes, this girl in Specs, yes, what do you think we should pay her, yes, what do you think we should pay her, how much [nasal sound] how much [nasal sound] how much [nasal sound] why a thousand, say on or off?  [laughs] say on or off?  [laughs] say on or off?  [laughs] Okay, right, let's give it to him. Okay, yes, Okay, right, let's give it to him. Okay, yes, Okay, right, let's give it to him. Okay, yes, take this and give it to him. take this and give it to him. take this and give it to him. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you, great. [applause] great. [applause] great. [applause] You had to do this. Stop it. You have to do it. Give it to him. You had to do this. Stop it. You have to do it. Give it to him. You had to do this. Stop it. You have to do it. Give it to him. Mike Kavya. This whole conversation will Mike Kavya. This whole conversation will Mike Kavya. This whole conversation will go everywhere, YouTube, Instagram. This is your go everywhere, YouTube, Instagram. This is your go everywhere, YouTube, Instagram. This is your consent. consent. consent. Of course, the work is the same. Of course, the work is the same. Of course, the work is the same. Kavya, what do you do? Kavya, what do you do? Kavya, what do you do? Ah, I am a chemical engineer, an actor and Ah, I am a chemical engineer, an actor and Ah, I am a chemical engineer, an actor and also a content creator. also a content creator. also a content creator. What does it mean, brother, you are not able to do one thing properly? What does it mean, brother, you are not able to do one thing properly? What does it mean, brother, you are not able to do one thing properly? Why did you do engineering by the way Why did you do engineering by the way Why did you do engineering by the way ?   For ?   For ?   For me too, it is still in question mark. me too, it is still in question mark. me too, it is still in question mark. Because I did it because my Because I did it because my Because I did it because my family told me to do it or I had to do it. family told me to do it or I had to do it. family told me to do it or I had to do it. And there are And there are And there are very few girls in chemical engineering, right? very few girls in chemical engineering, right? very few girls in chemical engineering, right? Yes. Yes. Yes. How many boys were there?  [laughs] I How many boys were there?  [laughs] I How many boys were there?  [laughs] I think girls 9-10 think girls 9-10 think girls 9-10 and boys and boys and boys so for one boy no no this is so for one boy no no this is so for one boy no no this is it [laughs] it [laughs] it [laughs] no I am asking according to the ratio no I am asking according to the ratio no I am asking according to the ratio yes one what who is doing yes one what who is doing yes one what who is doing this when did you decide that content first you this when did you decide that content first you this when did you decide that content first you entered into content creation and what is the third entered into content creation and what is the third entered into content creation and what is the third thing what was thing what was thing what was acting acting acting well you are doing acting also well you are doing acting also well you are doing acting also yes so yes so yes so what did you start first what did you start first what did you start first first chemical engineering then content first chemical engineering then content first chemical engineering then content creation and now like struggling actor creation and now like struggling actor creation and now like struggling actor and what type of content do you make? and what type of content do you make? and what type of content do you make? Fashion, Beauty, Lifestyle, Everything. Fashion, Beauty, Lifestyle, Everything. Fashion, Beauty, Lifestyle, Everything. Well, he just gets ready with time. Well, he just gets ready with time. Well, he just gets ready with time. Hey, what about normal times, all of you Hey, what about normal times, all of you Hey, what about normal times, all of you people are judgmental bastards.  You are judging everything. people are judgmental bastards.  You are judging everything. people are judgmental bastards.  You are judging everything. And why do you want to learn acting? And why do you want to learn acting? And why do you want to learn acting? Meaning, do you want to become an actor or do theatre Meaning, do you want to become an actor or do theatre Meaning, do you want to become an actor or do theatre ?   Have to ?   Have to ?   Have to become.  I want to become an actor. become.  I want to become an actor. become.  I want to become an actor. Good.  And who is your favorite actor? Good.  And who is your favorite actor? Good.  And who is your favorite actor? Ramcharan? Ramcharan? Ramcharan? Yes.  Who is asking?  Who is he?  Do Yes.  Who is asking?  Who is he?  Do Yes.  Who is asking?  Who is he?  Do n't you guys know Ramcharan?  Well, that was in RRR.   She n't you guys know Ramcharan?  Well, that was in RRR.   She watches Pakistani dramas.  Right, right, okay. watches Pakistani dramas.  Right, right, okay. watches Pakistani dramas.  Right, right, okay. Let's talk.  Okay, yes, okay. Let's talk.  Okay, yes, okay. Let's talk.  Okay, yes, okay. Ok.  So what do they teach in acting workshops Ok.  So what do they teach in acting workshops Ok.  So what do they teach in acting workshops ?  Meaning, how do you teach ?  Meaning, how do you teach ?  Meaning, how do you teach ?  I have thought and heard that they have many such ?  I have thought and heard that they have many such ?  I have thought and heard that they have many such viewer tricks. viewer tricks. viewer tricks. Or is that the Or is that the Or is that the touching one you guys have? touching one you guys have? touching one you guys have? Which touching? Which touching? Which touching? Ok.  I used a very wrong word [laughs].  There is Ok.  I used a very wrong word [laughs].  There is Ok.  I used a very wrong word [laughs].  There is something like this, right?  What did you guys say something like this, right?  What did you guys say something like this, right?  What did you guys say ? ? ? Meaning, whatever your partner is, whatever is Meaning, whatever your partner is, whatever is Meaning, whatever your partner is, whatever is good for you, make him comfortable with him. good for you, make him comfortable with him. good for you, make him comfortable with him. This happens This happens This happens or it or it or it was torn [laughs] he is not comfortable like that, yes tell me he is not comfortable like that, yes tell me he is not comfortable like that, yes tell me what should I do, acting touching what should I do, acting touching what should I do, acting touching but like eye contacts and everything, but like eye contacts and everything, but like eye contacts and everything, meaning meaning meaning you just look at the person for 2 minutes you just look at the person for 2 minutes you just look at the person for 2 minutes and how will you become comfortable acting with this, let's do it, and how will you become comfortable acting with this, let's do it, and how will you become comfortable acting with this, let's do it, you and I will do it, okay you and I will do it, okay you and I will do it, okay I am doing it for work, okay I am doing it for work, okay I am doing it for work, okay look, it has become 44 now. look, it has become 44 now. look, it has become 44 now. what is your name? what is your name? what is your name? Purvai Purvai Purvai Purvai, you become a volunteer.  Ok.  Yes. Purvai, you become a volunteer.  Ok.  Yes. Purvai, you become a volunteer.  Ok.  Yes. Oh, the east wind, do Oh, the east wind, do Oh, the east wind, do n't wait an hour. Why should I blink?  Yes, this is Why should I blink?  Yes, this is Why should I blink?  Yes, this is not a competition at all.  [laughter] East Wind East Wind East Wind Yeah, okay, that's it.   Am Yeah, okay, that's it.   Am Yeah, okay, that's it.   Am I an actor now?  [laughs] Now I'm an actor.  Do Now I'm an actor.  Do Now I'm an actor.  Do you want to see my acting? 70 million. 70 million. 70 million. Wow, I came inside.  [laughter] Wow, I came inside.  [laughter] Wow, I came inside.  [laughter] Well what happens with that Well what happens with that Well what happens with that anyway? anyway? anyway? You basically become comfortable with the industry. You basically become comfortable with the industry. So do you make those who are doing romantic roles do it So do you make those who are doing romantic roles do it So do you make those who are doing romantic roles do it or do you make everyone do it? or do you make everyone do it? or do you make everyone do it? Everyone. Everyone. Everyone. Well, after that did Well, after that did Well, after that did you guys reach acting?  I mean, even the dialogues? you guys reach acting?  I mean, even the dialogues? you guys reach acting?  I mean, even the dialogues? Yes.  We place it. Yes.  We place it. Yes.  We place it. What do you do? What do you do? What do you do? Place. Place. Place. Well, I mean, you do that role play. Well, I mean, you do that role play. Well, I mean, you do that role play. Good. Good. Good. Hey, that's what we call him. Hey, that's what we call him. Hey, that's what we call him. Two days ago, I was a mother of three children. Two days ago, I was a mother of three children. Two days ago, I was a mother of three children. Otherwise, you guys do some such speech therapy as Otherwise, you guys do some such speech therapy as Otherwise, you guys do some such speech therapy as well, I mean well, I mean well, I mean you guys are not clear, I mean it also happens you guys are not clear, I mean it also happens you guys are not clear, I mean it also happens that dialogues have to be spoken clearly, if there is something like this then let that dialogues have to be spoken clearly, if there is something like this then let that dialogues have to be spoken clearly, if there is something like this then let me give you a tongue me give you a tongue me give you a tongue twister, hey twister, hey twister, hey friend, it will be fun, I am friend, it will be fun, I am friend, it will be fun, I am trying trying trying parrot's beak broken, broken beak parrot, you have to parrot's beak broken, broken beak parrot, you have to parrot's beak broken, broken beak parrot, you have to speak this fast, okay, hey speak this fast, okay, hey speak this fast, okay, hey parrot's beak broken, broken beak parrot's beak broken, broken beak parrot's beak broken, broken beak parrot, hold the mic close, friend, parrot, hold the mic close, friend, parrot, hold the mic close, friend, I am definitely going to poop, I am definitely going to poop, I am definitely going to poop, hey [laughs] If not to poop, then she also went on hey [laughs] If not to poop, then she also went on hey [laughs] If not to poop, then she also went on Snapchat, Snapchat, Snapchat, yes, hey, it will be fun only if no one poops. yes, hey, it will be fun only if no one poops. yes, hey, it will be fun only if no one poops. Okay, yes, just [laughs] of course, I Okay, yes, just [laughs] of course, I Okay, yes, just [laughs] of course, I mean, we need mean, we need mean, we need content, yes, content, yes, content, yes, broken [laughs] the broken [laughs] the broken [laughs] the parrot's beak is broken, the parrot's beak is broken, the parrot's beak is broken, the parrot's beak is broken, the parrot's beak is broken, right parrot's beak is broken, the parrot's beak is broken, the parrot's beak is broken, the parrot's beak is broken, the parrot's beak is broken, right now we are doing it fast, okay now we are doing it fast, okay now we are doing it fast, okay Mike, a little fast, the Mike, a little fast, the Mike, a little fast, the parrot's parrot's parrot's yes, yes [laughs] the parrot's beak is yes, yes [laughs] the parrot's beak is yes, yes [laughs] the parrot's beak is broken, the parrot's beak is broken, the parrot's why are you hitting the parrot brother? why are you hitting the parrot brother? why are you hitting the parrot brother? Made a female parrot.  No no who will Made a female parrot.  No no who will Made a female parrot.  No no who will concentrate now it will be fun [laughs].  Yes oh concentrate now it will be fun [laughs].  Yes oh concentrate now it will be fun [laughs].  Yes oh my god okay.  The parrot's beak is broken, the my god okay.  The parrot's beak is broken, the my god okay.  The parrot's beak is broken, the parrot's beak is broken [laughs].   The parrot's beak is broken [laughs].   The parrot's beak is broken [laughs].   The parrot's beak broke. I am not even repeating it.  Now [laughter] I am not even repeating it.  Now [laughter] I am not even repeating it.  Now [laughter] you understand how well I did. you understand how well I did. you understand how well I did. Yes and this last one last yes these are your Yes and this last one last yes these are your Yes and this last one last yes these are your friends, right all of them are friends, right all of them are actors these people are actors these people are actors these people are not not not you yes so after this you will do this [laughter] you yes so after this you will do this [laughter] you yes so after this you will do this [laughter] and you like this you travel a lot by local train and you like this you travel a lot by local train and you like this you travel a lot by local train so why have you kept your bag so why have you kept your bag so why have you kept your bag in your lap [laughter] in your lap [laughter] in your lap [laughter] aunty you are sitting like this aunty where will you get off aunty you are sitting like this aunty where will you get off aunty you are sitting like this aunty where will you get off I have to go to Kalyan [laughter] okay yes yes I have to go to Kalyan [laughter] okay yes yes I have to go to Kalyan [laughter] okay yes yes last one and one more time yes last one and one more time yes last one and one more time yes parrot's [ __ ] [ parrot's [ __ ] [ parrot's [ __ ] [ laughter] laughter] laughter] broken beak parrot just broken beak parrot just broken beak parrot just say parrot say parrot say parrot yes Pur Bhai Pur Bhai where are you from by the way yes Pur Bhai Pur Bhai where are you from by the way yes Pur Bhai Pur Bhai where are you from by the way Ahmedabad Ahmedabad Ahmedabad okay so you are very rich oh okay so you are very rich oh okay so you are very rich oh shut up [laughter] shut up [laughter] shut up [laughter] no no no you are so rich you are so rich you are so rich so how come you have such an accent I mean so how come you have such an accent I mean so how come you have such an accent I mean I speak like this I speak like this I speak like this okay you have studied from ICSE school okay you have studied from ICSE school okay you have studied from ICSE school no I mean no I mean no I mean you have studied till like you have studied till like you have studied till like 10th grade [laughter] 10th grade [laughter] 10th grade [laughter] yes okay okay and you are also becoming an actor yes okay okay and you are also becoming an actor you were also a content creator come on you were also a content creator come on you were also a content creator come on [laughter] sorry sorry [laughter] sorry sorry [laughter] sorry sorry yes continue yes continue yes continue and model too and model too and model too oh brother brother you are very tall oh brother brother you are very tall oh brother brother you are very tall how tall are you how tall are you how tall are you if you can stand [nose [voice of clearing throat] Oh brother, [voice of clearing throat] Oh brother, [voice of clearing throat] Oh brother, friends, applause for Khali [laughter] we are saying something for you, will you we are saying something for you, will you we are saying something for you, will you come on stage or not, come on stage or not, come on stage or not, okay, you don't want to be famous, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, you don't want to be famous, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, you don't want to be famous, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, first sit down, then we will try, sit down, sit down, first sit down, then we will try, sit down, sit down, first sit down, then we will try, sit down, sit down, okay, comfortable, hey, what is okay, comfortable, hey, what is okay, comfortable, hey, what is your height, by the way, your height, by the way, your height, by the way, 59, so it happens like this that 59, so it happens like this that 59, so it happens like this that you mean short boys, have you you mean short boys, have you you mean short boys, have you ever hated you, ever hated you, ever hated you, yes [sound of clearing throat] yes [sound of clearing throat] yes [sound of clearing throat] so what do you say, so what do you say, so what do you say, refuse, come on, refuse, come on, refuse, come on, Chotu, get out like this [laughter] Chotu, get out like this [laughter] Chotu, get out like this [laughter] what is your criteria, six what is your criteria, six what is your criteria, six so even if someone comes, six one, so even if someone comes, six one, so even if someone comes, six one, what is it for me [laughter] I am only 62, like this what is it for me [laughter] I am only 62, like this [encouraging voice] hey, okay, I mean, it is [encouraging voice] hey, okay, I mean, it is [encouraging voice] hey, okay, I mean, it is everywhere. everywhere. everywhere. What is this everywhere?  And what have I done here What is this everywhere?  And what have I done here What is this everywhere?  And what have I done here ?  [laughter] Or I'll see women everywhere.   Okay ?  [laughter] Or I'll see women everywhere.   Okay ?  [laughter] Or I'll see women everywhere.   Okay okay.  Yes.  So what do you say, okay.  Yes.  So what do you say, okay.  Yes.  So what do you say, if we assume there is a very good looking if we assume there is a very good looking if we assume there is a very good looking boy, his personality is also good but he is only boy, his personality is also good but he is only boy, his personality is also good but he is only 6 feet tall.  So if he approaches you.  Is there 6 feet tall.  So if he approaches you.  Is there 6 feet tall.  So if he approaches you.  Is there anyone in your life right now? anyone in your life right now? anyone in your life right now? No. No. No. Well, let's say someone approaches Well, let's say someone approaches Well, let's say someone approaches you.  So you.  So you.  So how many 62 is your shortest boyfriend hiding how many 62 is your shortest boyfriend hiding how many 62 is your shortest boyfriend hiding ?  Six ?  Six ?  Six I've only had one boyfriend. I've only had one boyfriend. I've only had one boyfriend. Yes, okay.  What was his height? Yes, okay.  What was his height? Yes, okay.  What was his height? 51.   So, do 51.   So, do 51.   So, do you have any such trauma? you have any such trauma? you have any such trauma? So how did he teach you?  His game was good. So how did he teach you?  His game was good. So how did he teach you?  His game was good. Is the one minute game good?  Hey, one minute. Is the one minute game good?  Hey, one minute. Is the one minute game good?  Hey, one minute. What does the game mean?  This [laughs] What does the game mean?  This [laughs] What does the game mean?  This [laughs] game was good, I mean it's a game to talk about. game was good, I mean it's a game to talk about. game was good, I mean it's a game to talk about. What does this game mean? What does this game mean? What does this game mean? [laughter] Wrong, brother, should call the boys.   No no, I [laughter] Wrong, brother, should call the boys.   No no, I [laughter] Wrong, brother, should call the boys.   No no, I mean you understood what I was mean you understood what I was mean you understood what I was saying.  Yes, saying.  Yes, saying.  Yes, we have not done anything. we have not done anything. we have not done anything. Oh no what?  [screaming voice] Am I the only bad guy I'll ever look like on the I the only bad guy I'll ever look like on the I the only bad guy I'll ever look like on the internet?  Didn't we do anything?  What? internet?  Didn't we do anything?  What? internet?  Didn't we do anything?  What? Hey game means 1 minute.  If someone is a smooth talker Hey game means 1 minute.  If someone is a smooth talker Hey game means 1 minute.  If someone is a smooth talker then his game is good.  This is what I am saying.   I then his game is good.  This is what I am saying.   I then his game is good.  This is what I am saying.   I mean it was okay.  [laughter] What can I say after this?  Ok.  Ok. What can I say after this?  Ok.  Ok. What can I say after this?  Ok.  Ok. So let's do one thing.  If you So let's do one thing.  If you So let's do one thing.  If you are comfortable then I will become a short boy. are comfortable then I will become a short boy. are comfortable then I will become a short boy. And I will talk to you.  Ok? And I will talk to you.  Ok? And I will talk to you.  Ok? And then we will see.  Anyway, you guys are And then we will see.  Anyway, you guys are And then we will see.  Anyway, you guys are learning acting, right?  Ok?  So let us learning acting, right?  Ok?  So let us learning acting, right?  Ok?  So let us try.  Ok?  Yes.  It will look better if you come on stage try.  Ok?  Yes.  It will look better if you come on stage try.  Ok?  Yes.  It will look better if you come on stage because then you will because then you will because then you will not be able to judge the height from so far away.  Yes.  Hey what? not be able to judge the height from so far away.  Yes.  Hey what? not be able to judge the height from so far away.  Yes.  Hey what? You guys have such small thinking.  Yes, come, come. You guys have such small thinking.  Yes, come, come. You guys have such small thinking.  Yes, come, come. Yes.  What?  [laughs] Yes.  What?  [laughs] We've now banned men for all these things.  She is whistling.  [laughs] I didn't We've now banned men for all these things.  She is whistling.  [laughs] I didn't We've now banned men for all these things.  She is whistling.  [laughs] I didn't see a good boy, did I? see a good boy, did I? see a good boy, did I? Ok.  Ok.  Did the girl hit [laughs] Ok.  Ok.  Did the girl hit [laughs] Ok.  Ok.  Did the girl hit [laughs] Okay.  Ok.  Yes, okay.  So I'm short, right Okay.  Ok.  Yes, okay.  So I'm short, right Okay.  Ok.  Yes, okay.  So I'm short, right ?  Yes. ?  Yes. ?  Yes. No, come up a little.  This much No, come up a little.  This much No, come up a little.  This much is fine.  Sit down.  [laughter] is fine.  Sit down.  [laughter] is fine.  Sit down.  [laughter] Oh, I'll be less likely to sit down. Oh, I'll be less likely to sit down. Oh, I'll be less likely to sit down. Yes, okay.  I live this much.  Ok. Yes, okay.  I live this much.  Ok. Yes, okay.  I live this much.  Ok. Where are we?  Some [laughs] oh some Where are we?  Some [laughs] oh some Where are we?  Some [laughs] oh some location should be decided. location should be decided. location should be decided. What was yours on the beach? What was yours on the beach? What was yours on the beach? That's why no one talks to you.  [laughter] The That's why no one talks to you.  [laughter] The That's why no one talks to you.  [laughter] The beach is still okay, right?   For beach is still okay, right?   For beach is still okay, right?   For one thing, my game is very bad. one thing, my game is very bad. one thing, my game is very bad. Now we're strangers.  What should I talk about now Now we're strangers.  What should I talk about now Now we're strangers.  What should I talk about now ? ? ? Hello.  exuse me.   Yes. Hello.  exuse me.   Yes. Hello.  exuse me.   Yes. [laughter] Are [laughter] Are [laughter] Are you from around here?  What?  Are you from Mumbai you from around here?  What?  Are you from Mumbai you from around here?  What?  Are you from Mumbai ? ? ? No. No. No. Well actually Well actually Well actually I had to book a cab.  My phone is dead. I had to book a cab.  My phone is dead. I had to book a cab.  My phone is dead. Can you book a cab for me Can you book a cab for me Can you book a cab for me please?   Don't talk nonsense.  Ok.  [laughter] talk nonsense.  Ok.  [laughter] talk nonsense.  Ok.  [laughter] Talk to two tall people.   There Talk to two tall people.   There Talk to two tall people.   There is no space for bottles for a minute.  Ok. is no space for bottles for a minute.  Ok. is no space for bottles for a minute.  Ok. Girls with I five two. Girls with I five two. Girls with I five two. I also don't talk to you. I also don't talk to you. I also don't talk to you. Yes, Yes, Yes, okay, I will do it. okay, I will do it. okay, I will do it. Oh please.  So actually I am new in this city so Oh please.  So actually I am new in this city so Oh please.  So actually I am new in this city so I have no idea at all.  So I have no idea at all.  So I have no idea at all.  So I actually had to go to Andheri.  Where do you I actually had to go to Andheri.  Where do you I actually had to go to Andheri.  Where do you live by the way? live by the way? live by the way? Darkness. Darkness. Darkness. Oh [laughter] so Oh [laughter] so not if you're going too. not if you're going too. not if you're going too. Okay.  Ok.  I actually I hope Okay.  Ok.  I actually I hope Okay.  Ok.  I actually I hope I am not boding you.   What are you doing. I am not boding you.   What are you doing. sit quietly. sit quietly. sit quietly. Ok.  You book a cab.  I will go for that. Ok.  You book a cab.  I will go for that. Ok.  You book a cab.  I will go for that. Yes, should I enter the location or Yes, should I enter the location or Yes, should I enter the location or will you? will you? will you? Two. Two. Two. Yes.  No.  F I have.   Whether Yes.  No.  F I have.   Whether Yes.  No.  F I have.   Whether I am new in town or not.  That [laughs] I am new in town or not.  That [laughs] I am new in town or not.  That [laughs] my phone battery is dead.  So I will my phone battery is dead.  So I will my phone battery is dead.  So I will book it from your phone.  So please.  Yes, book it from your phone.  So please.  Yes, book it from your phone.  So please.  Yes, okay.   No no, there okay.   No no, there is no need to give it literally. is no need to give it literally. is no need to give it literally. Lou Yeah, yeah, okay.  It's booked. Yeah, yeah, okay.  It's booked. Yeah, yeah, okay.  It's booked. Delete it. Delete it. Delete it. what? what? what? No number. No number. No number. What number? What number? What number? What you just put in. What you just put in. What you just put in. No, I have entered this location.  Friend, No, I have entered this location.  Friend, No, I have entered this location.  Friend, why are you thinking like this?  [laughs] Just why are you thinking like this?  [laughs] Just why are you thinking like this?  [laughs] Just look, I didn't put the location.  So if look, I didn't put the location.  So if look, I didn't put the location.  So if you have linked your card in it then you have linked your card in it then you have linked your card in it then probably the payment will be made. And my father had said that one should not keep anyone's money. And my father had said that one should not keep anyone's money. And actually my wallet was also left at home. And actually my wallet was also left at home. And actually my wallet was also left at home. So if [laughter] So if [laughter] So if [laughter] no I don't have a Jeep. no I don't have a Jeep. no I don't have a Jeep. Oh, so if you live in Andheri then I Oh, so if you live in Andheri then I Oh, so if you live in Andheri then I can bring the cash also. can bring the cash also. can bring the cash also. No. No. No. Ok.  Ok.  No one, I am going. Ok.  Ok.  No one, I am going. Ok.  Ok.  No one, I am going. Ok. Ok. Ok. Girls friend [laughs] Strong girls This one will be cut, there will be a 51 year old boy [laughs] This one will be cut, there will be a 51 year old boy [laughs] This one will be cut, there will be a 51 year old boy [laughs] No, great, okay, clap for this No, great, okay, clap for this No, great, okay, clap for this once [applause] once [applause] once [applause] Thank you brother, what is the end of this, Thank you brother, what is the end of this, Thank you brother, what is the end of this, I don't have anything and yes, okay, it happens like this, oh my I don't have anything and yes, okay, it happens like this, oh my god, Pur brother, what have you done to god, Pur brother, what have you done to god, Pur brother, what have you done to me like this, Pur me like this, Pur me like this, Pur how many followers do you have by the way?   Have how many followers do you have by the way?   Have you ever received a DM from any such famous person 247? you ever received a DM from any such famous person 247? you ever received a DM from any such famous person 247? Yes. Yes. Yes. whose? whose? whose? Cricketer. Cricketer. Cricketer. Oh [laughs] that's a very common thing.  So Oh [laughs] that's a very common thing.  So Oh [laughs] that's a very common thing.  So what did you say? Hey, do that to everyone.  Once Hey, do that to everyone.  Once Hey, do that to everyone.  Once he did it to me at 1:00 in the night.  [laughter] Brother, I he did it to me at 1:00 in the night.  [laughter] Brother, I he did it to me at 1:00 in the night.  [laughter] Brother, I said, no brother.   I don't wanna say it. said, no brother.   I don't wanna say it. said, no brother.   I don't wanna say it. A then we will beep. A then we will beep. A then we will beep. If you are comfortable then there are If you are comfortable then there are If you are comfortable then there are trust issues. trust issues. trust issues. Okay, you have a trust issue, okay, you have to do one thing, just spit on my face, one thing, just spit on my face, one thing, just spit on my face, you have already rejected me [laughs]. you have already rejected me [laughs]. you have already rejected me [laughs]. I said I said I said you won't do it by beeping.  I have trust issues. you won't do it by beeping.  I have trust issues. you won't do it by beeping.  I have trust issues. Oh okay.  Ok.  Excellent.  Do one thing, Oh okay.  Ok.  Excellent.  Do one thing, Oh okay.  Ok.  Excellent.  Do one thing, give the mic to Kavya. Who is that meaning?  Oh well, yes.  Oh well, fine. Who is that meaning?  Oh well, yes.  Oh well, fine. Who is that meaning?  Oh well, yes.  Oh well, fine. Yes.  Kavya, have you ever received DMs from any Yes.  Kavya, have you ever received DMs from any Yes.  Kavya, have you ever received DMs from any famous person? famous person? famous person? Yes, I have come. Yes, I have come. Yes, I have come. Whose did it come for?  If you can tell me. Whose did it come for?  If you can tell me. Whose did it come for?  If you can tell me. Not some such copy, normal DMs can also come. Not some such copy, normal DMs can also come. Not some such copy, normal DMs can also come. Yes, I am Yes, I am Yes, I am coming. coming. coming. Like Like Like Kamal R Khan.  I don't know hit name. Kamal R Khan.  I don't know hit name. Kamal R Khan.  I don't know hit name. Good KRK. Good KRK. Good KRK. Or or oh Or or oh Or or oh no I am asking a famous person.  [laughter] no I am asking a famous person.  [laughter] no I am asking a famous person.  [laughter] Oh traitor Oh traitor Oh traitor ₹2 person.  You got a message from him. ₹2 person.  You got a message from him. ₹2 person.  You got a message from him. Who lost in this?  [laughs] Who lost in this?  [laughs] Who lost in this?  [laughs] What message did you get from him?  Nothing What message did you get from him?  Nothing What message did you get from him?  Nothing that hi you would be a big star one day remember that hi you would be a big star one day remember that hi you would be a big star one day remember my words my words my words yes to him tell him when will you be [laughs] and someone else's is it and someone else's is it and someone else's is it and or I think so and or I think so and or I think so cricketers friend cricketers friend cricketers friend ok cricketers only message everyone yes ok cricketers only message everyone yes ok cricketers only message everyone yes oh oh oh I trust you I trust you I trust you yes but I don't remember the name [laughs] yes but I don't remember the name [laughs] yes but I don't remember the name [laughs] okay your boyfriend is Ekvya okay your boyfriend is Ekvya okay your boyfriend is Ekvya no, have no, have no, have you ever had a bad breakup you ever had a bad breakup you ever had a bad breakup yes there was one in school time yes there was one in school time yes there was one in school time then what happened I ran away with your sandwich. then what happened I ran away with your sandwich. then what happened I ran away with your sandwich. [laughs] Can you guys expect me to abuse you, she you guys expect me to abuse you, she looks so cute.   It is about looks so cute.   It is about looks so cute.   It is about ninth or tenth standard. ninth or tenth standard. ninth or tenth standard. How did you woo me in ninth or tenth standard How did you woo me in ninth or tenth standard How did you woo me in ninth or tenth standard ?   She ?   She came laughing like this. came laughing like this. came laughing like this. Kavya, don't do all this.  Ok?  Not after the show. Kavya, don't do all this.  Ok?  Not after the show. Kavya, don't do all this.  Ok?  Not after the show. Yes.  So why did Yes.  So why did Yes.  So why did you guys break up?   It was you guys break up?   It was you guys break up?   It was not working out like that.  End. not working out like that.  End. not working out like that.  End. What wasn't working?  In ninth 10th standard. What wasn't working?  In ninth 10th standard. What wasn't working?  In ninth 10th standard. I thought it was funny but it wasn't funny.   So I thought it was funny but it wasn't funny.   So I thought it was funny but it wasn't funny.   So what are your requirements? what are your requirements? what are your requirements? What three things do you look for in a man? What three things do you look for in a man? What three things do you look for in a man? Must be caring. Must be caring. Must be caring. Ok.   It Ok.   It Ok.   It should be funny. should be funny. should be funny. Nice. Nice. Nice. And yes, yes, you can also say it.  You also speak.   Is there a yes, yes, you can also say it.  You also speak.   Is there a yes, yes, you can also say it.  You also speak.   Is there a Swayamvar going on here?  Everyone is Swayamvar going on here?  Everyone is Swayamvar going on here?  Everyone is telling their own story in the middle.  Kavya and I should telling their own story in the middle.  Kavya and I should telling their own story in the middle.  Kavya and I should talk, Kavya, you should talk about the same thing, it should be from talk, Kavya, you should talk about the same thing, it should be from talk, Kavya, you should talk about the same thing, it should be from Navi Mumbai, it should be from Navi Mumbai, it should be from Navi Mumbai, it should be from Navi Mumbai, oh my God it's Navi Mumbai, oh my God it's Navi Mumbai, oh my God it's a match [laughs] a match [laughs] a match [laughs] I live in Kargar, I know you, you want to do I live in Kargar, I know you, you want to do I live in Kargar, I know you, you want to do some acting, some acting, some acting, what do you want to do, should I tell you what acting is, what do you want to do, should I tell you what acting is, what do you want to do, should I tell you what acting is, oh brother, this Purvai lives here, you have the attitude, I oh brother, this Purvai lives here, you have the attitude, I oh brother, this Purvai lives here, you have the attitude, I understand, you will do something with me at the end, understand, you will do something with me at the end, understand, you will do something with me at the end, okay, let's try, then, okay, okay, let's try, then, okay, okay, let's try, then, okay, clap once for these two clap once for these two clap once for these two whom should I ask, yes, yes, let's ask him, how much should I whom should I ask, yes, yes, let's ask him, how much should I whom should I ask, yes, yes, let's ask him, how much should I give, 500, thanks, 500, thanks, 500, thanks, you have saved my money.   It is you have saved my money.   It is given according to height.  So, they given according to height.  So, they given according to height.  So, they loot a lot on Purvai, brother.  Excellent.  Who else is there? loot a lot on Purvai, brother.  Excellent.  Who else is there? loot a lot on Purvai, brother.  Excellent.  Who else is there? Who wants to talk?  I am talking to you. Who wants to talk?  I am talking to you. Who wants to talk?  I am talking to you. Ok.  So in between I went to Ok.  So in between I went to Ok.  So in between I went to see a play.  I also posted a story see a play.  I also posted a story see a play.  I also posted a story if you have seen it.  It was a Marathi play. if you have seen it.  It was a Marathi play. if you have seen it.  It was a Marathi play. Thir Life For Ever was his name.  So, all the Thir Life For Ever was his name.  So, all the Thir Life For Ever was his name.  So, all the writers and actors have writers and actors have writers and actors have come today, so please clap for Akshata once. come today, so please clap for Akshata once. Hi hi hi hi Hi hi hi hi Hi hi hi hi how are you?   Okay, how are you?   Okay, how are you?   Okay, and how is your theatre thing going and how is your theatre thing going and how is your theatre thing going ? ? How's the run or yes going?   It's How's the run or yes going?   It's How's the run or yes going?   It's going well, very well. going well, very well. going well, very well. Right right.  So these stories that you have Right right.  So these stories that you have Right right.  So these stories that you have written, how many times have they been written, how many times have they been written, how many times have they been first played? first played? first played? Well, you wrote this first. Well, you wrote this first. Well, you wrote this first. First play ever or First play ever or First play ever or great.  So there are some more such stories of your life great.  So there are some more such stories of your life great.  So there are some more such stories of your life which you want to share. which you want to share. which you want to share. Well uh like what?  You only tell me. Well uh like what?  You only tell me. Well uh like what?  You only tell me. Yes. Yes. Yes. What to share?  [laughs] What to share?  [laughs] What to share?  [laughs] You have a boyfriend. You have a boyfriend. You have a boyfriend. No, not yet.   So No, not yet.   So No, not yet.   So how long have you been single now?   Its been how long have you been single now?   Its been how long have you been single now?   Its been three years.   Have three years.   Have three years.   Have you tried any dating apps? you tried any dating apps? you tried any dating apps? No. No. No. So, after a certain point, So, after a certain point, So, after a certain point, your social circle becomes limited. your social circle becomes limited. your social circle becomes limited. How do you meet new people then?   It's the How do you meet new people then?   It's the How do you meet new people then?   It's the same theatre, but it's a small world.  You same theatre, but it's a small world.  You same theatre, but it's a small world.  You go around and meet the same people.   There are only go around and meet the same people.   There are only go around and meet the same people.   There are only three people in your play three people in your play three people in your play anyway.  [laughter] The anyway.  [laughter] The anyway.  [laughter] The one in there is single. one in there is single. one in there is single. So how does that make you feel?   He So how does that make you feel?   He So how does that make you feel?   He is nice. is nice. is nice. And if he asks you out on a date, should I And if he asks you out on a date, should I And if he asks you out on a date, should I give him the content?   Is this give him the content?   Is this give him the content?   Is this your scene? your scene? your scene? No.   Is this No.   Is this No.   Is this your scene? your scene? your scene? Not there. Not there. Not there. No, no, not yet. No, no, not yet. No, no, not yet. Well, it means something, right? Well, it means something, right? Well, it means something, right? No, not yet.  If it happens then I will No, not yet.  If it happens then I will No, not yet.  If it happens then I will come and tell you in the next show.  Sure. come and tell you in the next show.  Sure. come and tell you in the next show.  Sure. We need it in this video.  [laughter] We need it in this video.  [laughter] We need it in this video.  [laughter] Where does he live? Where does he live? Where does he live? On the lower.   It's On the lower.   It's not long distance not long distance not long distance but you can relate to it but you can relate to it but you can relate to it because it's the because it's the because it's the same pain in same pain in same pain in Kharghar Panvel it's the same only Kharghar Panvel it's the same only Kharghar Panvel it's the same only no, no, no, okay okay okay for us Mumbai is long distancing for us Mumbai is long distancing for us Mumbai is long distancing yes yes what is this cut off [laughs] okay okay yes yes what is this cut off [laughs] okay okay yes yes what is this cut off [laughs] okay okay I take the joke sportingly okay I take the joke sportingly okay I take the joke sportingly okay and the option is also gone yes [laughs] have you and the option is also gone yes [laughs] have you and the option is also gone yes [laughs] have you ever had such a nasty breakup, was the reason long ever had such a nasty breakup, was the reason long ever had such a nasty breakup, was the reason long distance relationship but the first one distance relationship but the first one distance relationship but the first one which was which was which was long distance means where did he live long distance means where did he live long distance means where did he live in Mumbai.  [laughter] in Mumbai.  [laughter] in Mumbai.  [laughter] Where did he live? Where did he live? Where did he live? So at first we were in the same school. So at first we were in the same school. So at first we were in the same school. Yes. Yes. Yes. And And And his history is a bit boring.  I his history is a bit boring.  I his history is a bit boring.  I mean, he doesn't have any mean, he doesn't have any relationship history, I mean, we were in ninth grade relationship history, I mean, we were in ninth grade relationship history, I mean, we were in ninth grade when we met for the first time, but I was told that when we met for the first time, but I was told that when we met for the first time, but I was told that he was so sincere.  So she he was so sincere.  So she he was so sincere.  So she said I love you.  I love you is done.  But then he said I love you.  I love you is done.  But then he said I love you.  I love you is done.  But then he said that we will not date.  This is happening said that we will not date.  This is happening said that we will not date.  This is happening in a school in Panvel.  yes [laughs] in a school in Panvel.  yes [laughs] in a school in Panvel.  yes [laughs] or or or he said quickly yes tell me my he said quickly yes tell me my he said quickly yes tell me my train to Panvel is leaving no no so he said train to Panvel is leaving no no so he said train to Panvel is leaving no no so he said we will wait a bit we will wait a bit we will wait a bit let's be adults so to be official let's be adults so to be official let's be adults so to be official we will wait we will wait we will wait what a joke which school was this what a joke which school was this what a joke which school was this or I will take the name or I will take the name or I will take the name ok yes okay yes so but ok yes okay yes so but ok yes okay yes so but and I was like yes let's go you are saying okay okay and I was like yes let's go you are saying okay okay and I was like yes let's go you are saying okay okay he was a year older than me so I was like he was a year older than me so I was like he was a year older than me so I was like yes let's go okay okay and yes let's go okay okay and yes let's go okay okay and the first two years were great great I mean the first two years were great great I mean the first two years were great great I mean what do you mean what will you do in school other then what do you mean what will you do in school other then I don't know [laughs] I still don't I don't know [laughs] I still don't I don't know [laughs] I still don't know yes yes know yes yes know yes yes okay but then okay but then okay but then he went away to do engineering he went away to do engineering he went away to do engineering osa osa osa and I was here so the chemistry and I was here so the chemistry and I was here so the chemistry remained only on the pages it never got translated and then he told remained only on the pages it never got translated and then he told remained only on the pages it never got translated and then he told me that when your 12th gets over then me that when your 12th gets over then me that when your 12th gets over then we will make some big gesture like this we we will make some big gesture like this we we will make some big gesture like this we will officialize our relationship we will tell everyone will officialize our relationship we will tell everyone will officialize our relationship we will tell everyone that we are in a relationship now.  So as that we are in a relationship now.  So as that we are in a relationship now.  So as promised he came back but that relationship did promised he came back but that relationship did promised he came back but that relationship did not become official and that day we broke up. not become official and that day we broke up. not become official and that day we broke up. Why did he do this?  Yes, again, I was Why did he do this?  Yes, again, I was Why did he do this?  Yes, again, I was not giving time.  So, she can relate, right not giving time.  So, she can relate, right not giving time.  So, she can relate, right ? ? ? Meaning, it was like I love you.  What now?   It was Meaning, it was like I love you.  What now?   It was Meaning, it was like I love you.  What now?   It was not official.  The rest was it or meaning. not official.  The rest was it or meaning. not official.  The rest was it or meaning. I do not know.  [laughter] Okay. I do not know.  [laughter] Okay. I do not know.  [laughter] Okay. What about the second one? What about the second one? What about the second one? Second one I waited for like a year before Second one I waited for like a year before Second one I waited for like a year before dating.  Then I Met This Guy. dating.  Then I Met This Guy. dating.  Then I Met This Guy. Where did you meet me and you? Where did you meet me and you? Where did you meet me and you? Theatre through itself. Theatre through itself. Theatre through itself. Ok.  Yes. Ok.  Yes. Ok.  Yes. So we clicked and after that we dated for seven years. So we clicked and after that we dated for seven years. So we clicked and after that we dated for seven years. Yes.  Yes Yes.  Yes Yes.  Yes and then he also went away Pandit, and then he also went away Pandit, and then he also went away Pandit, what do you do like this? what do you do like this? what do you do like this? I think people have a toxic trait I think people have a toxic trait I think people have a toxic trait that I think their that I think their that I think their visa gets approved quickly because of me.  So [laughs] I visa gets approved quickly because of me.  So [laughs] I visa gets approved quickly because of me.  So [laughs] I think I want to go think I want to go think I want to go out to Dubai? out to Dubai? out to Dubai? So his visa is torn. So his visa is torn. So his visa is torn. Oh, yes, okay, okay. Oh, yes, okay, okay. Oh, yes, okay, okay. What is the most romantic thing you have done in love? Romantic, did Romantic, did Romantic, did someone say from behind, someone say from behind, someone say from behind, ok visa, ok visa, ok visa, yes, have yes, have yes, have these girls gone mad [laughs], these girls gone mad [laughs], these girls gone mad [laughs], yes, yes, yes, I am also thinking, when have I ever done this, I have I am also thinking, when have I ever done this, I have I am also thinking, when have I ever done this, I have not done this, not done this, not done this, yes, okay, yes, okay, yes, okay, a romantic gesture is, did I do a treasure hunt on her a romantic gesture is, did I do a treasure hunt on her a romantic gesture is, did I do a treasure hunt on her birthday, after that I birthday, after that I birthday, after that I gave her a little expensive gift, gave her a little expensive gift, gave her a little expensive gift, tell me, expensive. tell me, expensive. tell me, expensive. Marshall Speakers. Marshall Speakers. Marshall Speakers. Well, are they expensive? Well, are they expensive? Well, are they expensive? Yes, they are expensive. Yes, they are expensive. Yes, they are expensive. Okay, okay, okay, no, I do Okay, okay, okay, no, I do Okay, okay, okay, no, I do n't know.  We know the boat cost Rs 1,200. n't know.  We know the boat cost Rs 1,200. n't know.  We know the boat cost Rs 1,200. [laughter] Blinkett comes home immediately. [laughter] Blinkett comes home immediately. [laughter] Blinkett comes home immediately. So you gave Marshall gifts, and So you gave Marshall gifts, and So you gave Marshall gifts, and do you give expensive gifts? do you give expensive gifts? do you give expensive gifts? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no , , , no, that's it.  That's when Budget Two.   There is no, that's it.  That's when Budget Two.   There is no, that's it.  That's when Budget Two.   There is a boy who is eating. a boy who is eating. a boy who is eating. [laughter] I'll get the speaker then. [laughter] I'll get the speaker then. [laughter] I'll get the speaker then. Clap once for Akshata.  Pass this. Clap once for Akshata.  Pass this. Clap once for Akshata.  Pass this. Yes, great.  Yes, whom should I ask? Yes, great.  Yes, whom should I ask? Yes, great.  Yes, whom should I ask? Yes, the one in green, what do you think, Yes, the one in green, what do you think, Yes, the one in green, what do you think, you don't, green green, yes you only, you only, yes you don't, green green, yes you only, you only, yes you don't, green green, yes you only, you only, yes what do you think, should we what do you think, should we what do you think, should we give money to Akshata, she has give money to Akshata, she has give money to Akshata, she has come from Panvel, we should come from Panvel, we should come from Panvel, we should not give her money, are you joking, okay not give her money, are you joking, okay not give her money, are you joking, okay friend, friend, friend, two, two, there has been a breakup, two, two, there has been a breakup, two, two, there has been a breakup, two, who said so, two, who said so, two, who said so, 500 500 two, 500 500 two, two 500 500 two, 500 500 two, two notes, just notes, just notes, just two, no no two, no no two, no no two, yes no no, two, yes no no, two, yes no no, okay, don't fight, I will okay, don't fight, I will okay, don't fight, I will not, two notes please, not, two notes please, not, two notes please, two notes, no yes, okay, okay, I will give you two, okay, I two notes, no yes, okay, okay, I will give you two, okay, I feel you, two, two, for the breakup, yes feel you, two, two, for the breakup, yes feel you, two, two, for the breakup, yes yes [laughs] that's it.  Great applause yes [laughs] that's it.  Great applause yes [laughs] that's it.  Great applause for this.  Yes, okay.  One last thing we can do. for this.  Yes, okay.  One last thing we can do. for this.  Yes, okay.  One last thing we can do. Ek Kavya, do you want to do Ek Kavya, do you want to do Ek Kavya, do you want to do any acting?  What did you any acting?  What did you any acting?  What did you do with the three kids? do with the three kids? do with the three kids? You are talking about the mother of three children, sister, she got You are talking about the mother of three children, sister, she got You are talking about the mother of three children, sister, she got scared immediately.  Which three children are there?  Give it forward.  Pass the scared immediately.  Which three children are there?  Give it forward.  Pass the scared immediately.  Which three children are there?  Give it forward.  Pass the mic forward.  Yes.  You mic forward.  Yes.  You mic forward.  Yes.  You will tell her some plot which she will act. will tell her some plot which she will act. will tell her some plot which she will act. What do you mean?  Not the one with three kids.  This is what What do you mean?  Not the one with three kids.  This is what What do you mean?  Not the one with three kids.  This is what Houseself does. Houseself does. Houseself does. No means I become a housewife. No means I become a housewife. No means I become a housewife. Hey, an actor is an actor, brother.   A Hey, an actor is an actor, brother.   A Hey, an actor is an actor, brother.   A good good good actor should be ready for everything. actor should be ready for everything. actor should be ready for everything. This is your test.  I will become the housewife This is your test.  I will become the housewife This is your test.  I will become the housewife and you become that pervert.   I mean, the one who was mean, the one who was mean, the one who was her boyfriend. her boyfriend. her boyfriend. Not good.  Has this become too intense Not good.  Has this become too intense Not good.  Has this become too intense ?  Do you have any other suggestions? ?  Do you have any other suggestions? ?  Do you have any other suggestions? What to do?   It would be What to do?   It would be What to do?   It would be nice. Have nice. Have nice. Have n't you paid the house fees?  Do I have to n't you paid the house fees?  Do I have to n't you paid the house fees?  Do I have to sweep here?  No no, sweep here?  No no, sweep here?  No no, I will not do any work, I mean I will just I will not do any work, I mean I will just I will not do any work, I mean I will just play a role, what do I have to suggest to anyone, this is play a role, what do I have to suggest to anyone, this is good, you want to make me a maid only, okay, okay good, you want to make me a maid only, okay, okay good, you want to make me a maid only, okay, okay Kavya, you will come on stage, yes yes, Kavya, you will come on stage, yes yes, Kavya, you will come on stage, yes yes, great, great, great, hey, housemaid, I mean, does she just sweep, there are hey, housemaid, I mean, does she just sweep, there are hey, housemaid, I mean, does she just sweep, there are other works too, other works too, other works too, what else am I doing, wait for a minute, one minute, what else am I doing, wait for a minute, one minute, what else am I doing, wait for a minute, one minute, tell me what all should we do, you have tell me what all should we do, you have tell me what all should we do, you have just finished your work, just finished your work, just finished your work, you decide which work.  [laughter] you decide which work.  [laughter] you decide which work.  [laughter] I'm a housewife, right?  Yes.  I have I'm a housewife, right?  Yes.  I have I'm a housewife, right?  Yes.  I have come to his house after doing some work. come to his house after doing some work. come to his house after doing some work. She's coming home to her boyfriend right now.  You are She's coming home to her boyfriend right now.  You are She's coming home to her boyfriend right now.  You are meeting at your boyfriend's house. meeting at your boyfriend's house. meeting at your boyfriend's house. No, who is this? No, who is this? No, who is this? Here, only when the boyfriend comes, there will be drama. Here, only when the boyfriend comes, there will be drama. Otherwise what's the fun? Otherwise what's the fun? Otherwise what's the fun? Yes. Yes. Yes. Poorvai. Poorvai. Poorvai. I am not afraid of slaps.  Looks like from the east. I am not afraid of slaps.  Looks like from the east. I am not afraid of slaps.  Looks like from the east. Yes.  So who is Purvai? Yes.  So who is Purvai? Yes.  So who is Purvai? 1 minute.  Purva is the girlfriend.  Yes, so 1 minute.  Purva is the girlfriend.  Yes, so 1 minute.  Purva is the girlfriend.  Yes, so you come a little late in the scene.  Ok?  Right now I am a you come a little late in the scene.  Ok?  Right now I am a you come a little late in the scene.  Ok?  Right now I am a house self.  You are her boyfriend. house self.  You are her boyfriend. house self.  You are her boyfriend. Yes.   Did you Yes.   Did you Yes.   Did you understand everything?  Did everyone understand their work? understand everything?  Did everyone understand their work? understand everything?  Did everyone understand their work? Ok.  Let us go.  Anyone have some Chunni Ok.  Let us go.  Anyone have some Chunni Ok.  Let us go.  Anyone have some Chunni Wunni? Wunni? Wunni? Yes, keep it with yourself.  [laughter] Yes, keep it with yourself.  [laughter] Yes, keep it with yourself.  [laughter] Okay, okay.  Yes. Hey, I'm cleaning it up.  I will do it with my hands only Hey, I'm cleaning it up.  I will do it with my hands only Hey, I'm cleaning it up.  I will do it with my hands only now.  Hey, do you have your handkerchief?  No, is it someone now.  Hey, do you have your handkerchief?  No, is it someone now.  Hey, do you have your handkerchief?  No, is it someone 's handkerchief? 's handkerchief? 's handkerchief? Yes, give it to me. Yes, give it to me. Yes, Yes, give it to me. Yes, give it to me. Yes, Yes, give it to me. Yes, give it to me. Yes, clean it, don't make it dirty. Yes, it's okay. clean it, don't make it dirty. Yes, it's okay. clean it, don't make it dirty. Yes, it's okay. [laughs] you do a good job. Yes, you get paid for it. get paid for it. get paid for it. Where can a woman clean it? A woman will do everything. I will do this too. Whatever woman will do everything. I will do this too. Whatever woman will do everything. I will do this too. Whatever is dirty, [laughs] I will do is dirty, [laughs] I will do is dirty, [laughs] I will do everything and go.   Are you tired?   Yes tired?   Yes tired?   Yes ?   Are you ?   Are you ?   Are you tired? tired? tired? No, just a little. No, just a little. No, just a little. No, just a little. No, just a little. No, just a little. Yes. Yes. Yes. Will I take some rest? Where will I rest?  Right now.   Sit down.   Take Where will I rest?  Right now.   Sit down.   Take rest. rest. rest. Sure? Sure? Sure? Yes. No, not all this No, not all this No, not all this [laughs] That's it, that's enough, that's enough, that's enough, no [laughs] That's it, that's enough, that's enough, that's enough, no [laughs] That's it, that's enough, that's enough, that's enough, no problem, problem, problem, yes, okay yes, okay yes, okay Oh, they're just sitting there, aren't they? [laughs] It feels [laughs] It feels [laughs] It feels good at my house, good at my house, good at my house, yes, I mean, it feels like this [laughs] yes, I mean, it feels like this [laughs] yes, I mean, it feels like this [laughs] And how do I look? Sir, what are you saying, sir? Sir, what are you saying, sir? Sir, what are you saying, sir? Hey, I am asking how I feel?   I look Hey, I am asking how I feel?   I look Hey, I am asking how I feel?   I look hot. hot. hot. Okay [laughter] So then the So then the So then the point? point? point? Hey, you are a man. Taking my card [laughter] Taking my card [laughter] Taking my card [laughter] what should I tell you what should I tell you what should I tell you [laughter] I went to Darjeeling? [laughter] I went to Darjeeling? [laughter] I went to Darjeeling? You need my card. You need my card. You need my card. Your card? Your card? Your card? Credit [laughs] card.   Do Credit [laughs] card.   Do Credit [laughs] card.   Do you have a credit card?  Do you have a credit you have a credit card?  Do you have a credit you have a credit card?  Do you have a credit card? Yes, I take it with me when I go to DMart. card? Yes, I take it with me when I go to DMart. card? Yes, I take it with me when I go to DMart. Ok.  [laughter] Ok.  [laughter] Ok.  [laughter] So you're sad right now? So you're sad right now? So you're sad right now? No, I feel fine.  It No, I feel fine.  It No, I feel fine.  It feels good to share it with you.  Feeling light. feels good to share it with you.  Feeling light. feels good to share it with you.  Feeling light. Well you're sad so I can do something.   But I can do it. you're sad so I can do something.   But I can do it. you're sad so I can do something.   But I can do it. Why are you saying this?  [laughter] Why are you saying this?  [laughter] Why are you saying this?  [laughter] Yes?  So make some tea and bring it. Yes?  So make some tea and bring it. Yes?  So make some tea and bring it. What can you do?  [laughter] What can you do?  [laughter] What can you do?  [laughter] Tell me, what should I do to make you happy? You are there, right? You are there, right? You are there, right? Will you come a little closer? Will you come a little closer? Will you come a little closer? Squeeze my feet. What do I care?  Will you increase my salary? What do I care?  Will you increase my salary? What do I care?  Will you increase my salary? I would like it.  Well, I am happy with that. I would like it.  Well, I am happy with that. I would like it.  Well, I am happy with that. What else can you increase? What else can you increase? What else can you increase? Good.  [laughs] Okay, Nita ji, sorry about the dialogue.  [laughs] Okay, Nita ji, sorry about the dialogue.  [laughs] Okay, Nita ji, sorry about the dialogue.  [laughs] I just wanted to be happy.  I would love to. I just wanted to be happy.  I would love to. I just wanted to be happy.  I would love to. How many children do you have? How many children do you have? How many children do you have? Three. Three. Three. His role fell upon him.  There are three. His role fell upon him.  There are three. His role fell upon him.  There are three. Good.   When Good.   When Good.   When he comes after drinking, the children grow up. he comes after drinking, the children grow up. he comes after drinking, the children grow up. No problem.   The fourth one has to be done.  [laughter] Ca n't talk about anything. n't talk about anything. n't talk about anything. Then I wasn't ashamed to do three.   So it happens. Good.   I Good.   I Good.   I fell fell fell when [laughs] she is making fun of her own father, saying that she did her own father, saying that she did her own father, saying that she did not feel ashamed when she had three children, but she felt ashamed when her husband not feel ashamed when she had three children, but she felt ashamed when her husband not feel ashamed when she had three children, but she felt ashamed when her husband fell in the gutter [laughs] but I like your girlfriend very much, but I like your girlfriend very much, she is beautiful too, so she is beautiful too, so she is beautiful too, so yes my choice is a bit different. What is your choice? You look good even though you are tired.  [laughter] You look good even though you are tired.  [laughter] You look good even though you are tired.  [laughter] So what do you want? So what do you want? So what do you want? I want a lot of things. I want a lot of things. I want a lot of things. Like let's show it. Hey girlfriend come. Hey girlfriend come. Hey girlfriend come. Now should I lie down completely? Now should I lie down completely? Now should I lie down completely? Come closer. Come closer. Come closer. You will come, how will I come?  No, you will not come.  Yeah, so You will come, how will I come?  No, you will not come.  Yeah, so You will come, how will I come?  No, you will not come.  Yeah, so then [laughs] then [laughs] then [laughs] set the scene for tonight. No, it should be done the opposite way. No, it should be done the opposite way. No, it should be done the opposite way. [Encouraging voice] [Laughter] So do it, sir.   Do sir.   Do sir.   Do work.  What are you doing?  Do work.  [laughter] He wore this just to insult me. wore this just to insult me. wore this just to insult me. Sir, why did this empty house come to your house?  [laughter] Sir, why did this empty house come to your house?  [laughter] Sir, why did this empty house come to your house?  [laughter] Madam, please clean this fan. I'll clean these up a little. I'll clean these up a little. I'll clean these up a little. I will rule this house. I will rule this house. I will rule this house. Hey hey what is happening? Hey hey what is happening? Hey hey what is happening? What is happening to us [laughter]?   Do What is happening to us [laughter]?   Do What is happening to us [laughter]?   Do work.  What are you doing? work.  What are you doing? work.  What are you doing? What is this happening?   Do What is this happening?   Do What is this happening?   Do work. Nothing's going on, baby.  Nothing, everything is fine. Nothing's going on, baby.  Nothing, everything is fine. Nothing's going on, baby.  Nothing, everything is fine. [laughter] I need some end.  [laughter] need some end.  [laughter] need some end.  [laughter] You say something.  Abuse me. Hey, then you also give me a short back.  Ok. [laughs] It's still actually not my time. Hey Hey Hey Look, I think we got a really good ending. Look, I think we got a really good ending. Look, I think we got a really good ending. Okay, I mean, but Okay, I mean, but Okay, I mean, but [laughs] it wouldn't be nice to end on a lady [laughs] it wouldn't be nice to end on a lady [laughs] it wouldn't be nice to end on a lady special. special. special. And the ending is happening, so And the ending is happening, so And the ending is happening, so I think if you're a couple, then let's end on a kiss. I think if you're a couple, then let's end on a kiss. You both clap once for them. clap once for them. clap once for them. Rest thanks a lot.  Thanks for coming.  Jai Rest thanks a lot.  Thanks for coming.  Jai Rest thanks a lot.  Thanks for coming.  Jai Hind Jai Maharashtra.  O!