What is in this bag?  It costs 80,000 taka. What is in this bag?  It costs 80,000 taka. What is in this bag?  It costs 80,000 taka. The bag costs 45 thousand taka.  So I'm taking it The bag costs 45 thousand taka.  So I'm taking it The bag costs 45 thousand taka.  So I'm taking it for the head.  Look how beautiful this time. for the head.  Look how beautiful this time. for the head.  Look how beautiful this time. That season will be very happy, you see. That season will be very happy, you see. That season will be very happy, you see. Look, the heart has lost its teeth.   I Look, the heart has lost its teeth.   I Look, the heart has lost its teeth.   I think I'll take this for life.  Look, think I'll take this for life.  Look, think I'll take this for life.  Look, I think I'll get a bill of 1.5 to 2 lakh taka. I think I'll get a bill of 1.5 to 2 lakh taka. I think I'll get a bill of 1.5 to 2 lakh taka. Please put everything neatly into these boxes. Please put everything neatly into these boxes. Please put everything neatly into these boxes. Please cook quickly.  I am very Please cook quickly.  I am very Please cook quickly.  I am very hungry.  [Loud laughter] hungry.  [Loud laughter] hungry.  [Loud laughter] Hey guys, Assalamu Alaikum.  My name is Hossain Hey guys, Assalamu Alaikum.  My name is Hossain Hey guys, Assalamu Alaikum.  My name is Hossain and welcome to Mynadar.   As you can see, and welcome to Mynadar.   As you can see, and welcome to Mynadar.   As you can see, our trip to Canada is our trip to Canada is our trip to Canada is coming to an end.  And there is still a coming to an end.  And there is still a coming to an end.  And there is still a lot of work left before going to Bangladesh.  Today I will be lot of work left before going to Bangladesh.  Today I will be lot of work left before going to Bangladesh.  Today I will be shopping for Joy, Jeevan, Ritu, and my parents. shopping for Joy, Jeevan, Ritu, and my parents. shopping for Joy, Jeevan, Ritu, and my parents. After finishing shopping, the real After finishing shopping, the real After finishing shopping, the real battle will begin when you get home.  Everything I have bought in Canada so far needs to be battle will begin when you get home.  Everything I have bought in Canada so far needs to be battle will begin when you get home.  Everything I have bought in Canada so far needs to be packed in bags and packed in bags and packed in bags and ready for Bangladesh.  Guys, there will be a ready for Bangladesh.  Guys, there will be a ready for Bangladesh.  Guys, there will be a lot of pressure on us today.  So let lot of pressure on us today.  So let lot of pressure on us today.  So let 's start our blog today. 's start our blog today. 's start our blog today. Finally guys, today is shopping day.  I'm really Finally guys, today is shopping day.  I'm really Finally guys, today is shopping day.  I'm really excited, guys.  Because you all excited, guys.  Because you all excited, guys.  Because you all know how much I love shopping. know how much I love shopping. know how much I love shopping. And I've made a long list here for today's shopping.  Nothing much, And I've made a long list here for today's shopping.  Nothing much, I need a bag, shoes, I need a bag, shoes, I need a bag, shoes, makeup, blush, foundation. makeup, blush, foundation. makeup, blush, foundation. Stop, stop, stop.  You've been shopping a lot these past two months. Stop, stop, stop.  You've been shopping a lot these past two months. Stop, stop, stop.  You've been shopping a lot these past two months. You won't have to do any shopping today. You won't have to do any shopping today. You won't have to do any shopping today. What are you saying? What are you saying? What are you saying? You won't have to do any shopping. You won't have to do any shopping. You won't have to do any shopping. I won't be shopping? I won't be shopping? I won't be shopping? No.  The amount of shopping you've done in these two months, No.  The amount of shopping you've done in these two months, No.  The amount of shopping you've done in these two months, I feel like I haven't shopped this much in the last 10 years, guys. I feel like I haven't shopped this much in the last 10 years, guys. I feel like I haven't shopped this much in the last 10 years, guys. You won't have to do any shopping today. You won't have to do any shopping today. You won't have to do any shopping today. Why not?   It won't happen.  It won't make sense. Why not?   It won't happen.  It won't make sense. Okay.  So I won't go.  You go. Okay.  So I won't go.  You go. Okay.  So I won't go.  You go. No, you have to go with me. No, you have to go with me. No, you have to go with me. No, I won't go. No, I won't go. No, I won't go. Why?  Can I buy this much alone? Why?  Can I buy this much alone? Why?  Can I buy this much alone? You have to go with me. You have to go with me. You have to go with me. I'm not listening to anyone.   Aren't you I'm not listening to anyone.   Aren't you I'm not listening to anyone.   Aren't you listening to anyone? listening to anyone? listening to anyone? No. No. No. Why?  Come on. Why?  Come on. Why?  Come on. I don't hear. I don't hear. I don't hear. Come on, won't you hold my shopping bag today? Come on, won't you hold my shopping bag today? Come on, won't you hold my shopping bag today? Actually, there is a challenge that I will listen to you. Actually, there is a challenge that I will listen to you. Yes, you have to listen to me.  You have to go shopping with me.   If you don't take Yes, you have to listen to me.  You have to go shopping with me.   If you don't take me shopping, if you don't buy me anything, me shopping, if you don't buy me anything, me shopping, if you don't buy me anything, what will I do when I go shopping?  I won't go either.  I wo what will I do when I go shopping?  I won't go either.  I wo what will I do when I go shopping?  I won't go either.  I wo n't buy anything.  You go. n't buy anything.  You go. n't buy anything.  You go. Listen, today I'm going shopping for Joy, Jeevan, Jeetu, and my parents. Listen, today I'm going shopping for Joy, Jeevan, Jeetu, and my parents. Listen, today I'm going shopping for Joy, Jeevan, Jeetu, and my parents. And I'll do a little And I'll do a little And I'll do a little shopping for myself.  But you won't have any shopping, shopping for myself.  But you won't have any shopping, shopping for myself.  But you won't have any shopping, okay guys, okay guys, okay guys, everyone's name is saying, okay, everyone's name is saying without me, I've been shopping for you for so long, everyone's name is saying, okay, everyone's name is saying without me, I've been shopping for you for so long, so it was a mistake for me to come here, so it was a mistake for me to come here, so it was a mistake for me to come here, I was living in Canada with you, so I'll do the shopping I was living in Canada with you, so I'll do the shopping I was living in Canada with you, so I'll do the shopping for you when I go, okay, for you when I go, okay, for you when I go, okay, go, I'll do the shopping for you, come on, go, I'll do the shopping for you, come on, girl, I wouldn't have understood that people shop so much if I had girl, I wouldn't have understood that people shop so much if I had girl, I wouldn't have understood that people shop so much if I had n't seen Antara, n't seen Antara, n't seen Antara, I think she's shopping for 20 lakh taka, I think she's shopping for 20 lakh taka, I think she's shopping for 20 lakh taka, what a big lie, 20 lakh taka means what a big lie, 20 lakh taka means what a big lie, 20 lakh taka means you're shopping for 20 lakh taka? you're shopping for 20 lakh taka? you're shopping for 20 lakh taka? No, no, guys, I don't spend that much money shopping.  I do No, no, guys, I don't spend that much money shopping.  I do No, no, guys, I don't spend that much money shopping.  I do n't have that much money, I'm poor.   Are n't have that much money, I'm poor.   Are n't have that much money, I'm poor.   Are you a señor?  You didn't spend 2 million taka on shopping you a señor?  You didn't spend 2 million taka on shopping you a señor?  You didn't spend 2 million taka on shopping ? ? ? Yes, I am shopping for 2 million taka. Yes, I am shopping for 2 million taka. Yes, I am shopping for 2 million taka. You didn't do it, but it's already been removed from my account.   I You didn't do it, but it's already been removed from my account.   I still sing that song.  I don't take him shopping. still sing that song.  I don't take him shopping. still sing that song.  I don't take him shopping. What can I say, brother? What can I say, brother? What can I say, brother? After giving so much to girls, you said you didn't give me anything. After giving so much to girls, you said you didn't give me anything. After giving so much to girls, you said you didn't give me anything. I'm telling you to give me something. I'm telling you to give me something. I'm telling you to give me something. How much has he given me this time?   Okay guys, How much has he given me this time?   Okay guys, How much has he given me this time?   Okay guys, we won't be late, now we're going we won't be late, now we're going we won't be late, now we're going shopping.  But before we go shopping, we'll shopping.  But before we go shopping, we'll shopping.  But before we go shopping, we'll go to Casalamata.   Okay guys, go to Casalamata.   Okay guys, go to Casalamata.   Okay guys, we've been to all the we've been to all the we've been to all the tourist spots in Canada.  Just the tourist spots in Canada.  Just the tourist spots in Canada.  Just the cassava leaves.  So today we will explore that.  Okay.   Let's cassava leaves.  So today we will explore that.  Okay.   Let's go to Casama quickly.  Guys, go to Casama quickly.  Guys, go to Casama quickly.  Guys, we're going to need a lot of walking today.  That's why we're going to need a lot of walking today.  That's why we're going to need a lot of walking today.  That's why I'm wearing my comfortable shoes. I'm wearing my comfortable shoes. I'm wearing my comfortable shoes. You should also wear your comfortable shoes.   Okay. You should also wear your comfortable shoes.   Okay. You should also wear your comfortable shoes.   Okay. This is the little book he is reading.  Open these.   Can you This is the little book he is reading.  Open these.   Can you This is the little book he is reading.  Open these.   Can you walk while wearing these?  Go quickly. walk while wearing these?  Go quickly. walk while wearing these?  Go quickly. Come change your shoes.  After walking a little, he will Come change your shoes.  After walking a little, he will Come change your shoes.  After walking a little, he will say, "I can't walk anymore."  My feet say, "I can't walk anymore."  My feet say, "I can't walk anymore."  My feet hurt, my feet hurt. hurt, my feet hurt. hurt, my feet hurt. What a problem. Go quickly and get ready to go out. What a problem. Go quickly and get ready to go out. What a problem. Go quickly and get ready to go out. Tell me sometimes it hurts. Tell me sometimes it hurts. Tell me sometimes it hurts. Today is our last visit to Canada. Today is our last visit to Canada. Today is our last visit to Canada. How are you feeling? How are you feeling? How are you feeling? I feel so bad.  What can I I feel so bad.  What can I I feel so bad.  What can I say?  [Loud laughter] say?  [Loud laughter] say?  [Loud laughter] Guys, we're both going to miss Canada a lot. Guys, we're both going to miss Canada a lot. Guys, we're both going to miss Canada a lot. We enjoyed it a lot here. We enjoyed it a lot here. We enjoyed it a lot here. And how did 40 days And how did 40 days And how did 40 days go by without Terry? go by without Terry? go by without Terry? Well, I want to ask you a question.   Say Well, I want to ask you a question.   Say Well, I want to ask you a question.   Say yes.  We have visited 11 countries so far. yes.  We have visited 11 countries so far. Which country is your top number one right now? Which country is your top number one right now? Which country is your top number one right now? My number one is Canada and My number one is Canada and My number one is Canada and number two is Thailand. number two is Thailand. number two is Thailand. I hope that I hope that I hope that inshallah guys, very soon next time we will inshallah guys, very soon next time we will inshallah guys, very soon next time we will go to many better countries.  You go to many better countries.  You go to many better countries.  You all pray. all pray. all pray. Inshallah. Inshallah. Inshallah. Come on guys, our car is coming. Come on guys, our car is coming. Come on guys, our car is coming. Finally, guys, I'm here.  Castle Finally, guys, I'm here.  Castle Finally, guys, I'm here.  Castle in front of me, look, guys, what a big in front of me, look, guys, what a big in front of me, look, guys, what a big castle and my God, the entire palace is behind us. castle and my God, the entire palace is behind us. castle and my God, the entire palace is behind us. Yes, it is bigger or smaller than our palace. Yes, it is bigger or smaller than our palace. In my dream, In my dream, In my dream, yes, why is our house so big? yes, why is our house so big? yes, why is our house so big? Brother Antara, I think there is something wrong with my head. Brother Antara, I think there is something wrong with my head. Brother Antara, I think there is something wrong with my head. Antara has gone crazy by expanding the blog. Guys, is our Antara has gone crazy by expanding the blog. Guys, is our house a palace? Please house a palace? Please house a palace? Please comment and tell me if comment and tell me if comment and tell me if our house is a palace for us. our house is a palace for us. our house is a palace for us. But in real life, these can be palaces. Guys, But in real life, these can be palaces. Guys, this is very beautiful, very beautiful. this is very beautiful, very beautiful. this is very beautiful, very beautiful. Wow, it looks very good. So let's see Wow, it looks very good. So let's see Wow, it looks very good. So let's see what's inside it. Come on, what's inside it. Come on, what's inside it. Come on, look, I have a beautiful car in front of my house. I have a look, I have a beautiful car in front of my house. I have a look, I have a beautiful car in front of my house. I have a beard beard beard and my God, look, a Rolls Royale is standing and my God, look, a Rolls Royale is standing and my God, look, a Rolls Royale is standing here. here. here. I'm thinking about it. Make it pink. It would be I'm thinking about it. Make it pink. It would be I'm thinking about it. Make it pink. It would be nice if it were pink. So don't tell me whether I should press it or not. nice if it were pink. So don't tell me whether I should press it or not. It doesn't matter. Let me take the It doesn't matter. Let me take the It doesn't matter. Let me take the time to make it pink. time to make it pink. time to make it pink. Come on, we have bought the tickets for the palace.   It will Come on, we have bought the tickets for the palace.   It will Come on, we have bought the tickets for the palace.   It will cost 10,000 taka to enter this place. cost 10,000 taka to enter this place. cost 10,000 taka to enter this place. Oops, I was saying earlier that we do Oops, I was saying earlier that we do Oops, I was saying earlier that we do n't need to go, our castle is already ready. n't need to go, our castle is already ready. n't need to go, our castle is already ready. Come on, come on.  So now let's go Come on, come on.  So now let's go Come on, come on.  So now let's go inside the castle and see what's inside. inside the castle and see what's inside. inside the castle and see what's inside. Guy, we are entering the castle.  It feels like we're Guy, we are entering the castle.  It feels like we're Guy, we are entering the castle.  It feels like we're entering a ghostly place, doesn't it? entering a ghostly place, doesn't it? entering a ghostly place, doesn't it? I feel like I'm walking into a horror play. I feel like I'm walking into a horror play. I feel like I'm walking into a horror play. Guys, just look at the view around you.  It feels like I'm Guys, just look at the view around you.  It feels like I'm Guys, just look at the view around you.  It feels like I'm coming to a haunted house. coming to a haunted house. coming to a haunted house. Wow guys, we're moving into a room now. Wow guys, we're moving into a room now. Wow guys, we're moving into a room now. This room looks like it's from a very ancient era, doesn't it This room looks like it's from a very ancient era, doesn't it This room looks like it's from a very ancient era, doesn't it ? ? ? Yes, it seems to have been the king's room. Yes, it seems to have been the king's room. Yes, it seems to have been the king's room. Yes, this was my room, mine.  I am the Yes, this was my room, mine.  I am the Yes, this was my room, mine.  I am the king.  Guys, look, I found an king.  Guys, look, I found an king.  Guys, look, I found an ancient fireplace here.  This is exactly how it was in ancient times.  A ancient fireplace here.  This is exactly how it was in ancient times.  A ancient fireplace here.  This is exactly how it was in ancient times.  A fireplace would be built.  He would just light a fireplace would be built.  He would just light a fireplace would be built.  He would just light a fire with a crow like this down here.  And the fire with a crow like this down here.  And the fire with a crow like this down here.  And the whole house would get hot.  What whole house would get hot.  What whole house would get hot.  What do you see here?  I'm looking at an ancient cupboard. Look, there are so do you see here?  I'm looking at an ancient cupboard. Look, there are so do you see here?  I'm looking at an ancient cupboard. Look, there are so many books here. I've many books here. I've many books here. I've found a staircase here. Now Antara and I will climb up found a staircase here. Now Antara and I will climb up found a staircase here. Now Antara and I will climb up these stairs. Is it okay? these stairs. Is it okay? these stairs. Is it okay? If a ghost comes, come on, If a ghost comes, come on, If a ghost comes, come on, just look at the staircase. just look at the staircase. just look at the staircase. Where will we go with these stairs? Look at how big the stairs are. Where will we go with these stairs? Look at how big the stairs are. Where will we go with these stairs? Look at how big the stairs are. Come on, come on, Come on, come on, Come on, come on, and and and what a beautiful place we are coming to. Antara is coming. what a beautiful place we are coming to. Antara is coming. what a beautiful place we are coming to. Antara is coming. Look how beautiful. Look how beautiful. Look how beautiful. Look at how many beautiful dresses are here. Look at how many beautiful dresses are here. Look at how many beautiful dresses are here. These are my dresses. These are my dresses. These are my dresses. These are all designer dresses. These are all designer dresses. These are all designer dresses. Yes, I used to design and read these a long time ago. Yes, I used to design and read these a long time ago. Yes, I used to design and read these a long time ago. Look at the reading. Look at the reading. Look at the reading. Oh yes yes guys, look, this is Antara's Oh yes yes guys, look, this is Antara's Oh yes yes guys, look, this is Antara's dream world.  Guys, we are now moving into the dream world.  Guys, we are now moving into the dream world.  Guys, we are now moving into the king's bedroom.  That bedroom is all king's bedroom.  That bedroom is all king's bedroom.  That bedroom is all mine, Guy.  Look at this, guys.  Behind us is my mine, Guy.  Look at this, guys.  Behind us is my mine, Guy.  Look at this, guys.  Behind us is my bedroom. bedroom. bedroom. Guy.  This is not the king's room.  This is a Guy.  This is not the king's room.  This is a Guy.  This is not the king's room.  This is a guest room.  Guys, I'm just joking. guest room.  Guys, I'm just joking. guest room.  Guys, I'm just joking. I haven't seen my room yet. I haven't seen my room yet. I haven't seen my room yet. What will my room be like?  My room will be much more beautiful. What will my room be like?  My room will be much more beautiful. What will my room be like?  My room will be much more beautiful. So? So? So? Yes.  Let me show you my room too. Yes.  Let me show you my room too. Yes.  Let me show you my room too. Hey, now we'll show you Hey, now we'll show you Hey, now we'll show you the washrooms of the ancient era. the washrooms of the ancient era. the washrooms of the ancient era. Now I will show you the ancient times. Now I will show you the ancient times. Now I will show you the ancient times. Look how much this is being done by the elders here. Look how much this is being done by the elders here. Look how much this is being done by the elders here. And this is the Guy Baby's story. And this is the Guy Baby's story. And this is the Guy Baby's story. Look how beautiful the basin from the past is. Look how beautiful the basin from the past is. Look how beautiful the basin from the past is. Guys, behind me, you can see the Guys, behind me, you can see the Guys, behind me, you can see the personal living room of the kings. How beautiful it is. personal living room of the kings. How beautiful it is. personal living room of the kings. How beautiful it is. They have been updated so much since before. Guys, look, They have been updated so much since before. Guys, look, They have been updated so much since before. Guys, look, here are two suits on both sides of me. Guys, here is here are two suits on both sides of me. Guys, here is here are two suits on both sides of me. Guys, here is my suit number one and my suit number one and my suit number one and here is my suit number two. And here is my suit number two. And here is my suit number two. And next to that, look, guys, next to that, look, guys, next to that, look, guys, I have put my sword and pistol here to fight. I have put my sword and pistol here to fight. I have put my sword and pistol here to fight. How is it? Guys, of course, everyone will How is it? Guys, of course, everyone will How is it? Guys, of course, everyone will comment and tell me. comment and tell me. comment and tell me. Well, if these are your clothes, Well, if these are your clothes, Well, if these are your clothes, why are they inside? You should have them with you. You have to why are they inside? You should have them with you. You have to why are they inside? You should have them with you. You have to understand that my things are special. That's why understand that my things are special. That's why understand that my things are special. That's why I put all these in the I put all these in the I put all these in the museum. My museum. My museum. My fans will come and see them and be happy. fans will come and see them and be happy. fans will come and see them and be happy. Guys, we're going up these stairs now. Guys, we're going up these stairs now. Guys, we're going up these stairs now. Come and Come and Come and see the stairs, you are a complete ghost.  Guys, I see the stairs, you are a complete ghost.  Guys, I see the stairs, you are a complete ghost.  Guys, I feel like I'm going back 200 years.  Look, feel like I'm going back 200 years.  Look, feel like I'm going back 200 years.  Look, they built this place just like that. they built this place just like that. they built this place just like that. Where have we come from? Where have we come from? Where have we come from? I feel like I'm going to a cave. I feel like I'm going to a cave. I feel like I'm going to a cave. We are moving 200 years ago. We are moving 200 years ago. We are moving 200 years ago. Really. Really. Really. Guys, everything in this place, starting from the beds, is from Guys, everything in this place, starting from the beds, is from Guys, everything in this place, starting from the beds, is from ancient times.  What are you looking at so intently? ancient times.  What are you looking at so intently? ancient times.  What are you looking at so intently? I'm thinking, does this luggage seem to contain I'm thinking, does this luggage seem to contain I'm thinking, does this luggage seem to contain ancient treasures? Gold, ancient treasures? Gold, ancient treasures? Gold, gold, ancient treasures. gold, ancient treasures. gold, ancient treasures. You see, such luggage is You see, such luggage is You see, such luggage is filled with gold. I think it contains it. Let's take it and filled with gold. I think it contains it. Let's take it and send it to the police. Guys, look, this is an send it to the police. Guys, look, this is an send it to the police. Guys, look, this is an ancient call center. Guys, ancient call center. Guys, ancient call center. Guys, telephone guys. We are now climbing up a small staircase. Only telephone guys. We are now climbing up a small staircase. Only telephone guys. We are now climbing up a small staircase. Only one person can one person can one person can stand here. It's so small. I'm just putting my feet in stand here. It's so small. I'm just putting my feet in stand here. It's so small. I'm just putting my feet in and there's no room. God knows where these stairs are and there's no room. God knows where these stairs are and there's no room. God knows where these stairs are taking us.  Guys, we're coming up to the taking us.  Guys, we're coming up to the taking us.  Guys, we're coming up to the castle at once.  And can't you castle at once.  And can't you castle at once.  And can't you see all of Canada from here, guys see all of Canada from here, guys see all of Canada from here, guys ?  Finally, guys, we have the right to ?  Finally, guys, we have the right to ?  Finally, guys, we have the right to explore Castellammare.  Now we are going explore Castellammare.  Now we are going explore Castellammare.  Now we are going shopping.  Now guys we are going to start our real shopping.  Now guys we are going to start our real shopping.  Now guys we are going to start our real battle.  Today, it seems like Guy's battle.  Today, it seems like Guy's battle.  Today, it seems like Guy's condition will get worse as he walks. condition will get worse as he walks. condition will get worse as he walks. I feel bad after seeing the already-guys' cathlema. I feel bad after seeing the already-guys' cathlema. Let's hurry up and go to the shopping mall now. Let's hurry up and go to the shopping mall now. Let's hurry up and go to the shopping mall now. Finally, the guys went to the shopping mall.  Today, Finally, the guys went to the shopping mall.  Today, Finally, the guys went to the shopping mall.  Today, guys, we'll start by going shopping with our boys. guys, we'll start by going shopping with our boys. guys, we'll start by going shopping with our boys. So now I will shop at Nike for joy and life. So now I will shop at Nike for joy and life. So now I will shop at Nike for joy and life. So let's see what we can get for them. So let's see what we can get for them. So let's see what we can get for them. Guys, I just went to the Nike showroom. Guys, I just went to the Nike showroom. Guys, I just went to the Nike showroom. I will take shoes from here for the sake of the guys and for life. I will take shoes from here for the sake of the guys and for life. I will take shoes from here for the sake of the guys and for life. So guys, look how many So guys, look how many So guys, look how many collections there are here.  Guys, my head is spinning after seeing so many collections. collections there are here.  Guys, my head is spinning after seeing so many collections. collections there are here.  Guys, my head is spinning after seeing so many collections. So guys, I've already So guys, I've already So guys, I've already chosen a pair of shoes.  So I'm chosen a pair of shoes.  So I'm chosen a pair of shoes.  So I'm thinking of taking this for life.  Look how beautiful the shoes are.  So thinking of taking this for life.  Look how beautiful the shoes are.  So thinking of taking this for life.  Look how beautiful the shoes are.  So now I'm looking for one to win. now I'm looking for one to win. now I'm looking for one to win. I like this white one too, guys. I like this white one too, guys. I like this white one too, guys. Then let's see, guys, there are so Then let's see, guys, there are so Then let's see, guys, there are so many shoes here.  Wow.  This is also beautiful.  Guys, the many shoes here.  Wow.  This is also beautiful.  Guys, the many shoes here.  Wow.  This is also beautiful.  Guys, the shoes are already on their way.  So I'm thinking shoes are already on their way.  So I'm thinking shoes are already on their way.  So I'm thinking I'll give their shoes a quick try. I'll give their shoes a quick try. I'll give their shoes a quick try. Since I will take the guys from this far. Since I will take the guys from this far. Since I will take the guys from this far. So fast guys I'll So fast guys I'll So fast guys I'll take this for the win.  So I'm giving it a try. take this for the win.  So I'm giving it a try. take this for the win.  So I'm giving it a try. Guys, I'll take these shoes for the win. Guys, I'll take these shoes for the win. Guys, I'll take these shoes for the win. Because it is very comfortable.  Guys, look Because it is very comfortable.  Guys, look Because it is very comfortable.  Guys, look here, Rakib is walking around and seeing if the shoes are here, Rakib is walking around and seeing if the shoes are here, Rakib is walking around and seeing if the shoes are really comfortable. The really comfortable. The really comfortable. The shoes are much more comfortable. I shoes are much more comfortable. I shoes are much more comfortable. I will buy the shoes for so much money and walk a little and see what happens. will buy the shoes for so much money and walk a little and see what happens. will buy the shoes for so much money and walk a little and see what happens. Then take it. It is right for the victory. Guys, the Then take it. It is right for the victory. Guys, the Then take it. It is right for the victory. Guys, the shoes for the victory. Right for the life. shoes for the victory. Right for the life. shoes for the victory. Right for the life. I took the black color. I took the black color. I took the black color. But after reading this black color, I don't like it. It is But after reading this black color, I don't like it. It is But after reading this black color, I don't like it. It is not comfortable. I am thinking that I will take not comfortable. I am thinking that I will take not comfortable. I am thinking that I will take it for life. Now I will read it a little and it for life. Now I will read it a little and it for life. Now I will read it a little and see how it feels after reading. Guys, I see how it feels after reading. Guys, I see how it feels after reading. Guys, I read this shoe. Guys, it read this shoe. Guys, it read this shoe. Guys, it feels much better because it is very comfortable. feels much better because it is very comfortable. feels much better because it is very comfortable. Guys, I am still walking around and seeing if the shoes are right. Guys, I am still walking around and seeing if the shoes are right. Guys, I am still walking around and seeing if the shoes are right. Now, just apu is doing it. Now, just apu is doing it. Now, just apu is doing it. The shoes are absolutely perfect. The shoes are absolutely perfect. The shoes are absolutely perfect. Look at those shoes, they look so much nicer.  It is also Look at those shoes, they look so much nicer.  It is also Look at those shoes, they look so much nicer.  It is also much more comfortable to read. much more comfortable to read. much more comfortable to read. So take this with you for life. So take this with you for life. So take this with you for life. Yes, confirmed.  Finally, guys, it's okay Yes, confirmed.  Finally, guys, it's okay Yes, confirmed.  Finally, guys, it's okay for all my team members to go shoe shopping. for all my team members to go shoe shopping. for all my team members to go shoe shopping. I took these shoes, guys.  I am for Uncle Robin. I took these shoes, guys.  I am for Uncle Robin. I took these shoes, guys.  I am for Uncle Robin. I took this for our little life. I took this for our little life. I took this for our little life. I took it for the win.  And I took this I took it for the win.  And I took this I took it for the win.  And I took this for Rahat Bhai.  Alhamdulillah, my boy's for Rahat Bhai.  Alhamdulillah, my boy's for Rahat Bhai.  Alhamdulillah, my boy's team has the shopping right.  And this is the first time guys I team has the shopping right.  And this is the first time guys I team has the shopping right.  And this is the first time guys I bought so many branded shoes together bought so many branded shoes together bought so many branded shoes together God knows how much my bill is today I God knows how much my bill is today I God knows how much my bill is today I think it will be 1.5 to 2 lakh taka think it will be 1.5 to 2 lakh taka think it will be 1.5 to 2 lakh taka Alhamdulillah Guys boys' shopping is Alhamdulillah Guys boys' shopping is Alhamdulillah Guys boys' shopping is right Guys they have completed their shopping and I feel so much right Guys they have completed their shopping and I feel so much right Guys they have completed their shopping and I feel so much peace besides guys are peace besides guys are peace besides guys are feeling much happier because I feeling much happier because I feeling much happier because I can buy many beautiful shoes for boys can buy many beautiful shoes for boys can buy many beautiful shoes for boys Alhamdulillah Guys this time I am going to Canada Alhamdulillah Guys this time I am going to Canada Alhamdulillah Guys this time I am going to Canada with my heart but my friend is with my heart but my friend is with my heart but my friend is coming Saada Bhai Hello Saada Bhai Hello coming Saada Bhai Hello Saada Bhai Hello coming Saada Bhai Hello Saada Bhai Hello everyone So our trip is almost over so everyone So our trip is almost over so everyone So our trip is almost over so today I will give Saada Bhai a gift I have been today I will give Saada Bhai a gift I have been today I will give Saada Bhai a gift I have been struggling to bring it Come on I need to struggling to bring it Come on I need to struggling to bring it Come on I need to buy you a shoe now buy you a shoe now buy you a shoe now bro I don't want to keep repeating you Come on come on bro I don't want to keep repeating you Come on come on bro I don't want to keep repeating you Come on come on Saada Bhai See which one you Saada Bhai See which one you Saada Bhai See which one you take I think you should take this one it is take I think you should take this one it is take I think you should take this one it is very beautiful very beautiful very beautiful Hey bro I don't need it so hey what are you doing Hey bro I don't need it so hey what are you doing Hey bro I don't need it so hey what are you doing start a drama start a drama start a drama I am telling you in advance I am telling you in advance I am telling you in advance Saada Bhai my father's Saada Bhai my father's Saada Bhai my father's okay you take what you like look okay you take what you like look okay you take what you like look no problem no problem no problem personally this is my favorite personally this is my favorite personally this is my favorite look what you like all of them look what you like all of them look what you like all of them Beautiful, okay, okay, let me see the Beautiful, okay, okay, let me see the Beautiful, okay, okay, let me see the box. It's very beautiful. I box. It's very beautiful. I box. It's very beautiful. I ordered ordered ordered white. Brother, look at what a beautiful white. Brother, look at what a beautiful white. Brother, look at what a beautiful box it is. box it is. box it is. Wow, why is the box for these shoes so big? Wow, why is the box for these shoes so big? Wow, why is the box for these shoes so big? This is a special edition. This is a special edition. This is a special edition. Oh, Dad, what a big box.  Look how beautiful this time. Oh, Dad, what a big box.  Look how beautiful this time. Oh, Dad, what a big box.  Look how beautiful this time. Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Here are your shoes. Here are your shoes. Here are your shoes. Oh my God!  This is very expensive. Oh my God!  This is very expensive. Oh my God!  This is very expensive. I won't take this.  Expensive, I'm wearing such expensive shoes. Now I have come, I am a street fakir, Now I have come, I am a street fakir, Now I have come, I am a street fakir, Michael is doing it from here, guys, I Michael is doing it from here, guys, I Michael is doing it from here, guys, I will shop for Ritu and Antara, guys, my head is will shop for Ritu and Antara, guys, my head is will shop for Ritu and Antara, guys, my head is spinning, today, guys, I have to sit with my plate, I have to go around spinning, today, guys, I have to sit with my plate, I have to go around spinning, today, guys, I have to sit with my plate, I have to go around Canada, guys, all my Canada, guys, all my Canada, guys, all my money is gone, finally, what money I have is now money is gone, finally, what money I have is now money is gone, finally, what money I have is now behind these two, I behind these two, I behind these two, I say, you are spending something for your boy team, say, you are spending something for your boy team, say, you are spending something for your boy team, brother, if you brother, if you brother, if you buy 10 shoes for the boy team, won't it be in your budget, guys, if you buy 10 shoes for the boy team, won't it be in your budget, guys, if you give it to your wife and sister, give it to your wife and sister, give it to your wife and sister, God will bless you, he will understand and bless you. God will bless you, he will understand and bless you. God will bless you, he will understand and bless you. What else can you do, guys?  So let's go shopping for the season and the What else can you do, guys?  So let's go shopping for the season and the What else can you do, guys?  So let's go shopping for the season and the holidays. holidays. holidays. Guys, I'm so excited because this is going to be Guys, I'm so excited because this is going to be Guys, I'm so excited because this is going to be my first bag from Michael Kors. my first bag from Michael Kors. my first bag from Michael Kors. And I also have guys for the first time And I also have guys for the first time And I also have guys for the first time shopping for both of them from such expensive brands.  On shopping for both of them from such expensive brands.  On shopping for both of them from such expensive brands.  On the one hand, it's a lot more difficult. the one hand, it's a lot more difficult. the one hand, it's a lot more difficult. Besides that, Guy seems very happy Besides that, Guy seems very happy Besides that, Guy seems very happy that he was able to buy things for the two of them at such a high price. that he was able to buy things for the two of them at such a high price. Yes, thank God.  Come on guys, Yes, thank God.  Come on guys, Yes, thank God.  Come on guys, Antara has started showing the bag here Antara has started showing the bag here Antara has started showing the bag here and my heart rate is increasing. and my heart rate is increasing. and my heart rate is increasing. Look at how beautiful it is. Look at how beautiful it is. Look at how beautiful it is. I am very scared. I am very scared. I am very scared. God knows how much it will cost. God knows how much it will cost. God knows how much it will cost. Look at it. I like it. Look at it. I like it. Look at it. I like it. I like everything but I am I like everything but I am I like everything but I am scared because of the price. scared because of the price. scared because of the price. Antara is very happy. My Antara is very happy. My Antara is very happy. My hands and feet are shaking because of my fear. God knows hands and feet are shaking because of my fear. God knows hands and feet are shaking because of my fear. God knows how much it will cost. how much it will cost. how much it will cost. How does it look? Look at it. How does it look? Look at it. How does it look? Look at it. Antara is confessing. Antara is confessing. Antara is confessing. Which bag will she keep and which bag will she take? Which bag will she keep and which bag will she take? Which bag will she keep and which bag will she take? Because here, guys, there are so many beautiful bags. Because here, guys, there are so many beautiful bags. Because here, guys, there are so many beautiful bags. I have many bags of this type here. That's I have many bags of this type here. That's I have many bags of this type here. That's why I won't take it. I will take this one. Let's why I won't take it. I will take this one. Let's why I won't take it. I will take this one. Let's see in the mirror see in the mirror see in the mirror how much Antara is playing with the bag. how much Antara is playing with the bag. how much Antara is playing with the bag. Antara is the best for acting in front of the mirror. Guys, I Antara is the best for acting in front of the mirror. Guys, I Antara is the best for acting in front of the mirror. Guys, I took the bag. Now let's took the bag. Now let's took the bag. Now let's see the price of the bag. see the price of the bag. see the price of the bag. 450. 450. 450. 450 means 45000 taka. What should I do with the bag? There is no 450 means 45000 taka. What should I do with the bag? There is no 450 means 45000 taka. What should I do with the bag? There is no need to take it. Don't take it. It's need to take it. Don't take it. It's too much. Don't take it.  Very expensive.  We ca too much. Don't take it.  Very expensive.  We ca too much. Don't take it.  Very expensive.  We ca n't afford to spend that much money.  No need. n't afford to spend that much money.  No need. n't afford to spend that much money.  No need. Stay.   You're Stay.   You're Stay.   You're really not going to be upset, are you? really not going to be upset, are you? really not going to be upset, are you? No, no, no.  I don't think I'll take No, no, no.  I don't think I'll take No, no, no.  I don't think I'll take Michael's course the first time.  There wasn't any before. Michael's course the first time.  There wasn't any before. Michael's course the first time.  There wasn't any before. No need for a butt.  Very expensive. No need for a butt.  Very expensive. No need for a butt.  Very expensive. No, no, stay.  Be expansive.  You take it.  Take it. No, no, stay.  Be expansive.  You take it.  Take it. You were just saying that if you give me so much money, You were just saying that if you give me so much money, You were just saying that if you give me so much money, your pocket will be empty. your pocket will be empty. your pocket will be empty. Okay, no, no, no, no. Okay, no, no, no, no. Okay, no, no, no, no. I don't understand what you're saying.  Don't say it now.   Say it I don't understand what you're saying.  Don't say it now.   Say it I don't understand what you're saying.  Don't say it now.   Say it once. once. once. Since you like it, take it.   I will give you Since you like it, take it.   I will give you Since you like it, take it.   I will give you this much money.  I can buy four or five bags with the money. this much money.  I can buy four or five bags with the money. Since you like it, take it. Since you like it, take it. Since you like it, take it. You don't have to buy it slowly. For now, You don't have to buy it slowly. For now, You don't have to buy it slowly. For now, I can afford this. I'll give you this. I can afford this. I'll give you this. I can afford this. I'll give you this. In the future, I'll buy it for you from Louis Vuitton. In the future, I'll buy it for you from Louis Vuitton. In the future, I'll buy it for you from Louis Vuitton. [Loud laughter] Take it, [Loud laughter] Take it, [Loud laughter] Take it, you're happy. I'm so you're happy. I'm so you're happy. I'm so confused. Hey, take it, take it, take it. Welcome. I'm confused. Hey, take it, take it, take it. Welcome. I'm shopping. Right now, it's shopping. Right now, it's shopping. Right now, it's seasonal shopping. I'm looking at what to buy for the season. Let's start looking for it. seasonal shopping. I'm looking at what to buy for the season. Let's start looking for it. Here, we've started looking at bags for the season. I've got a Here, we've started looking at bags for the season. I've got a Here, we've started looking at bags for the season. I've got a lot of bags here. lot of bags here. lot of bags here. Which one should I buy for the season? You Which one should I buy for the season? You Which one should I buy for the season? You like these types of bags.  And look, it's very like these types of bags.  And look, it's very like these types of bags.  And look, it's very stylish. stylish. stylish. Listen, an idea is coming to my mind. Listen, an idea is coming to my mind. Listen, an idea is coming to my mind. What is the idea? What is the idea? What is the idea? Ritu has this type of bag.  But he should be Ritu has this type of bag.  But he should be Ritu has this type of bag.  But he should be gifted a hand carry.  There are gifted a hand carry.  There are gifted a hand carry.  There are many beautiful handbags from Michael Kors here. many beautiful handbags from Michael Kors here. Seriously, let's look in the corner. Seriously, let's look in the corner. Seriously, let's look in the corner. Look at how beautiful their handcarry is.  How Look at how beautiful their handcarry is.  How Look at how beautiful their handcarry is.  How much more premium? much more premium? much more premium? I feel much better singing this.  I I feel much better singing this.  I I feel much better singing this.  I think the season would be much happier if this were a gif. think the season would be much happier if this were a gif. think the season would be much happier if this were a gif. Now let's open it up a little and see what it Now let's open it up a little and see what it Now let's open it up a little and see what it looks like inside.   The looks like inside.   The looks like inside.   The inside is also very nice and has good space. inside is also very nice and has good space. inside is also very nice and has good space. Wow, Ritu will be very happy indeed.  Look Wow, Ritu will be very happy indeed.  Look Wow, Ritu will be very happy indeed.  Look how beautiful it is. how beautiful it is. how beautiful it is. Yes, then take it for the season. Yes, then take it for the season. Yes, then take it for the season. Wait, let's look at the price.  I hope the Wait, let's look at the price.  I hope the Wait, let's look at the price.  I hope the price is lower so I price is lower so I price is lower so I can buy it for my sister. can buy it for my sister. can buy it for my sister. How much? How much? How much? 800 dollars. 800 dollars. 800 dollars. What is in this bag?  It costs 80,000 taka. What is in this bag?  It costs 80,000 taka. What is in this bag?  It costs 80,000 taka. God is very generous.  I don't know what to do, take it, take it, God is very generous.  I don't know what to do, take it, take it, we only have one life we only have one life we only have one life Guys, life is only one, if it's not for my younger sister, Guys, life is only one, if it's not for my younger sister, Guys, life is only one, if it's not for my younger sister, then who else should I take it for? No matter what the price, then who else should I take it for? No matter what the price, then who else should I take it for? No matter what the price, Guys, I like the thing, I'll Guys, I like the thing, I'll Guys, I like the thing, I'll gift it to Ritu. I hope, Guys, Ritu will be very gift it to Ritu. I hope, Guys, Ritu will be very gift it to Ritu. I hope, Guys, Ritu will be very happy. Guys, since I've been going to the brand happy. Guys, since I've been going to the brand happy. Guys, since I've been going to the brand shop, I'm thinking that Ritu and the end of the line are shop, I'm thinking that Ritu and the end of the line are shop, I'm thinking that Ritu and the end of the line are over, now I'll take it from here for my mother too. Guys, I'll open my over, now I'll take it from here for my mother too. Guys, I'll open my over, now I'll take it from here for my mother too. Guys, I'll open my heart and go shopping today. I'll heart and go shopping today. I'll heart and go shopping today. I'll buy a brand bag for my mother. Guys, I've buy a brand bag for my mother. Guys, I've buy a brand bag for my mother. Guys, I've finally found a beautiful bag for my mother.  There finally found a beautiful bag for my mother.  There finally found a beautiful bag for my mother.  There are many guys here.  So, are many guys here.  So, are many guys here.  So, out of all these, I think out of all these, I think this would be the most beautiful for mom.  Look how beautiful it is.  And my mom this would be the most beautiful for mom.  Look how beautiful it is.  And my mom this would be the most beautiful for mom.  Look how beautiful it is.  And my mom likes a slightly darker color.  So I'm thinking of making likes a slightly darker color.  So I'm thinking of making likes a slightly darker color.  So I'm thinking of making this the final one for my mom. this the final one for my mom. this the final one for my mom. Look at this bag, what kind of bag is it for mom? Look at this bag, what kind of bag is it for mom? Look at this bag, what kind of bag is it for mom? Yes, it's beautiful, but not pink for mom. Yes, it's beautiful, but not pink for mom. No, you're fine in pink.  No no no, No, you're fine in pink.  No no no, No, you're fine in pink.  No no no, look, there's only pink here. look, there's only pink here. look, there's only pink here. No, mom, not pink.  I will No, mom, not pink.  I will No, mom, not pink.  I will buy this color for my mother.  This is my mom's favorite color. buy this color for my mother.  This is my mom's favorite color. buy this color for my mother.  This is my mom's favorite color. Mom's favorite color?  Yes, Mom's favorite color?  Yes, Mom's favorite color?  Yes, then take this.   Guys, then take this.   Guys, then take this.   Guys, which color is more which color is more which color is more beautiful?  Don't tell me that chocolate color is not very beautiful. beautiful?  Don't tell me that chocolate color is not very beautiful. beautiful?  Don't tell me that chocolate color is not very beautiful. Happy happy shopping guys, I did some shopping but Happy happy shopping guys, I did some shopping but Happy happy shopping guys, I did some shopping but my entire pocket is empty after shopping. My my entire pocket is empty after shopping. My my entire pocket is empty after shopping. My pocket is empty. Guys, it pocket is empty. Guys, it pocket is empty. Guys, it feels much better this season and I can shop feels much better this season and I can shop feels much better this season and I can shop from a famous and expensive brand for my mother today. from a famous and expensive brand for my mother today. from a famous and expensive brand for my mother today. Thank God.  Come on Thank God.  Come on Thank God.  Come on guys, I did the shopping for everyone.  After everyone's shopping, I'm guys, I did the shopping for everyone.  After everyone's shopping, I'm guys, I did the shopping for everyone.  After everyone's shopping, I'm now going shopping for Shiro. now going shopping for Shiro. now going shopping for Shiro. Guys, there are many good things for dogs here, Guys, there are many good things for dogs here, Guys, there are many good things for dogs here, so let's see so let's see so let's see what we can get for Shiro. Guys, Shiro needs a bed. what we can get for Shiro. Guys, Shiro needs a bed. what we can get for Shiro. Guys, Shiro needs a bed. Look at how cute and cute the bed is. Look at how cute and cute the bed is. Look at how cute and cute the bed is. So I'm thinking of getting it for Shiro. So I'm thinking of getting it for Shiro. So I'm thinking of getting it for Shiro. Shiro will be very happy. Shiro will be very happy. Shiro will be very happy. How cute is the bag? How cute is the bag? How cute is the bag? Yes, take it. It's very nice for Shiro. Okay, guys, Yes, take it. It's very nice for Shiro. Okay, guys, Yes, take it. It's very nice for Shiro. Okay, guys, this is confirmed. Wow, guys, look at this is confirmed. Wow, guys, look at this is confirmed. Wow, guys, look at how beautiful the food tray is. how beautiful the food tray is. how beautiful the food tray is. Guys, I personally like it a Guys, I personally like it a Guys, I personally like it a lot. So I'm getting it for Shiro. lot. So I'm getting it for Shiro. Finally, guys, I finished shopping and came Finally, guys, I finished shopping and came Finally, guys, I finished shopping and came home. Guys, today, while shopping, my condition got home. Guys, today, while shopping, my condition got home. Guys, today, while shopping, my condition got worse. I worse. I worse. I couldn't even stand up because of the pain. Guys, I haven't eaten since noon. It's couldn't even stand up because of the pain. Guys, I haven't eaten since noon. It's couldn't even stand up because of the pain. Guys, I haven't eaten since noon. It's 10 o'clock at night. So 10 o'clock at night. So 10 o'clock at night. So first of all, we have to prepare dinner. first of all, we have to prepare dinner. first of all, we have to prepare dinner. Guys, Antar is cooking dinner in Canada for the last time today. Guys, Antar is cooking dinner in Canada for the last time today. Guys, Antar is cooking dinner in Canada for the last time today. Tell me, how do you feel when Tell me, how do you feel when Tell me, how do you feel when you see me? I'm in a lot of you see me? I'm in a lot of you see me? I'm in a lot of pain. pain. pain. You should be happy. You're happy You should be happy. You're happy You should be happy. You're happy that I'm going to Bangladesh, but that I'm going to Bangladesh, but that I'm going to Bangladesh, but besides that, you're also in pain.  It feels like I've besides that, you're also in pain.  It feels like I've besides that, you're also in pain.  It feels like I've been in Canada for so long. Now I'm going to Bangladesh. I'll been in Canada for so long. Now I'm going to Bangladesh. I'll been in Canada for so long. Now I'm going to Bangladesh. I'll miss Canada a lot. I'm so miss Canada a lot. I'm so miss Canada a lot. I'm so hungry. My head is hungry. My head is hungry. My head is spinning. Now I have to eat quickly. spinning. Now I have to eat quickly. spinning. Now I have to eat quickly. After eating, the real battle will begin. I have to After eating, the real battle will begin. I have to After eating, the real battle will begin. I have to pack all the shopping I did. pack all the shopping I did. pack all the shopping I did. What will we have for dinner today? What will we have for dinner today? What will we have for dinner today? Today's dinner will be chicken curry, karla bhaji Today's dinner will be chicken curry, karla bhaji Today's dinner will be chicken curry, karla bhaji and also dalbhula. and also dalbhula. and also dalbhula. My weight has increased even more. My weight has increased even more. My weight has increased even more. Who will help me now? Who will help me now? Who will help me now? Tell me quickly what to do. Tell me quickly what to do. Tell me quickly what to do. You should plant the branches quickly.   Okay guys, You should plant the branches quickly.   Okay guys, You should plant the branches quickly.   Okay guys, I'll cook the dal now.  Dal I'll cook the dal now.  Dal I'll cook the dal now.  Dal Guys, everything is ready.  Now I'll put the dal in the oven. Guys, everything is ready.  Now I'll put the dal in the oven. Guys, everything is ready.  Now I'll put the dal in the oven. Today I will cook the Today I will cook the Today I will cook the most delicious dal in the world.  And here the guys have most delicious dal in the world.  And here the guys have most delicious dal in the world.  And here the guys have started cooking in the background.  Please started cooking in the background.  Please started cooking in the background.  Please cook quickly.  I am very hungry. cook quickly.  I am very hungry. cook quickly.  I am very hungry. Look how much we're cooking together today. Look how much we're cooking together today. Look how much we're cooking together today. A lot.  Yes, you should eat until you are full. A lot.  Yes, you should eat until you are full. A lot.  Yes, you should eat until you are full. Finally, guys, the food is ready.  Ah, I feel Finally, guys, the food is ready.  Ah, I feel Finally, guys, the food is ready.  Ah, I feel hungry today, guys.  In the name of Allah.   It's been a lot of fun.  It's been a lot of fun. lot of fun.  It's been a lot of fun. lot of fun.  It's been a lot of fun. Really, the curry, Really, the curry, Really, the curry, fried chicken, meat, and lentils are all delicious. fried chicken, meat, and lentils are all delicious. fried chicken, meat, and lentils are all delicious. I feel very good.  And I'm feeling very hungry, I feel very good.  And I'm feeling very hungry, I feel very good.  And I'm feeling very hungry, Guy. Guy. Guy. What peace? What peace? What peace? Alhamdulillah, sing.  Food and drink are complete.   The Alhamdulillah, sing.  Food and drink are complete.   The Alhamdulillah, sing.  Food and drink are complete.   The singing is about to begin now.  Guys, these are all the singing is about to begin now.  Guys, these are all the singing is about to begin now.  Guys, these are all the shopping I did for our real war team Rakib Hossain. Guys, shopping I did for our real war team Rakib Hossain. Guys, shopping I did for our real war team Rakib Hossain. Guys, I have to I have to I have to pack in just an hour. Guys, I ca pack in just an hour. Guys, I ca pack in just an hour. Guys, I ca n't see anything through my sleepy eyes. It's n't see anything through my sleepy eyes. It's n't see anything through my sleepy eyes. It's two in the morning now. Look, I'm two in the morning now. Look, I'm two in the morning now. Look, I'm bringing two boxes here for packing. Now, let's bringing two boxes here for packing. Now, let's bringing two boxes here for packing. Now, let's make these boxes fast. Let's make these boxes fast. Let's make these boxes fast. Let's put everything neatly inside these boxes. Finally, the put everything neatly inside these boxes. Finally, the put everything neatly inside these boxes. Finally, the box is ready. Guys, the box is ready.  Now I will box is ready.  Now I will box is ready.  Now I will start packing.  Today I will start packing start packing.  Today I will start packing start packing.  Today I will start packing with seasonal shopping.  I'm with seasonal shopping.  I'm with seasonal shopping.  I'm bringing this for the season, guys.  Guys, I had bringing this for the season, guys.  Guys, I had bringing this for the season, guys.  Guys, I had so much trouble coming up with this.  It basically so much trouble coming up with this.  It basically so much trouble coming up with this.  It basically has the guys seasonal luggage inside.  So, I'll has the guys seasonal luggage inside.  So, I'll has the guys seasonal luggage inside.  So, I'll start packing today with seasonal luggage. start packing today with seasonal luggage. start packing today with seasonal luggage. Because it's too big.  So guys, I'll Because it's too big.  So guys, I'll Because it's too big.  So guys, I'll put this luggage in it quickly.  Now, guys, let's give put this luggage in it quickly.  Now, guys, let's give put this luggage in it quickly.  Now, guys, let's give our boys shoes.  This is the our boys shoes.  This is the our boys shoes.  This is the gift of life, guys. This is the gift of victory, this gift of life, guys. This is the gift of victory, this gift of life, guys. This is the gift of victory, this is Robin uncle's gift, guys. For the season, is Robin uncle's gift, guys. For the season, is Robin uncle's gift, guys. For the season, but I bought another gift. So let me but I bought another gift. So let me but I bought another gift. So let me show you what I got. Look, guys. show you what I got. Look, guys. show you what I got. Look, guys. Matching his luggage, I bought another bag Matching his luggage, I bought another bag Matching his luggage, I bought another bag from the same brand, Michael Kors, from the same brand, Michael Kors, from the same brand, Michael Kors, for him. So I'm for him. So I'm for him. So I'm giving this bag here too. And this giving this bag here too. And this giving this bag here too. And this is the gift from my mom, guys. This is our is the gift from my mom, guys. This is our is the gift from my mom, guys. This is our gift for Shiro. Look, I bought two things for Shiro. gift for Shiro. Look, I bought two things for Shiro. gift for Shiro. Look, I bought two things for Shiro. One is that he will eat in this One is that he will eat in this One is that he will eat in this and the other is that he will sleep in this. Put these things in this box. and the other is that he will sleep in this. Put these things in this box. and the other is that he will sleep in this. Put these things in this box. Now I'll put this box together. Now I'll put this box together. Now I'll put this box together. And we will put our bedsheets in box number two. And we will put our bedsheets in box number two. And we will put our bedsheets in box number two. Brother, look how much space the bedsheet alone takes up.  I also Brother, look how much space the bedsheet alone takes up.  I also bought this as a runner for our bed. bought this as a runner for our bed. bought this as a runner for our bed. I'm giving this too.  Guys, I'll keep this box for now. I'm giving this too.  Guys, I'll keep this box for now. I'm giving this too.  Guys, I'll keep this box for now. Because now we have a little shopping to do. Because now we have a little shopping to do. Because now we have a little shopping to do. The rest of us will finish packing and run again.   If you The rest of us will finish packing and run again.   If you The rest of us will finish packing and run again.   If you bring a light leaf to the shopping mall, I will bring a light leaf to the shopping mall, I will bring a light leaf to the shopping mall, I will lock it.  This stays here.  Finally, guys, I can lock it.  This stays here.  Finally, guys, I can lock it.  This stays here.  Finally, guys, I can put all the gifts in the box. put all the gifts in the box. put all the gifts in the box. Now guys, I'll wrap the box nicely. Now guys, I'll wrap the box nicely. Now guys, I'll wrap the box nicely. Apply the tape properly but it's very expensive, Apply the tape properly but it's very expensive, yes, I have to apply it properly. I'm getting a lot of yes, I have to apply it properly. I'm getting a lot of yes, I have to apply it properly. I'm getting a lot of tension. I'm even tension. I'm even tension. I'm even more scared. If something happens, guys, God more scared. If something happens, guys, God more scared. If something happens, guys, God willing, nothing will happen. Guys [sniffing] willing, nothing will happen. Guys [sniffing] willing, nothing will happen. Guys [sniffing] I'm in a bad situation while working. I'm at the I'm in a bad situation while working. I'm at the I'm in a bad situation while working. I'm at the end of the game. So I've just done some taping. end of the game. So I've just done some taping. end of the game. So I've just done some taping. Now I'll just apply some tape. Now I'll just apply some tape. Now I'll just apply some tape. Guys [sniffing] I'm in a bad situation while working. Guys [sniffing] I'm in a bad situation while working. Guys [sniffing] I'm in a bad situation while working. Even without AC, I still put in so much effort Even without AC, I still put in so much effort Even without AC, I still put in so much effort because each box is so heavy. So now, because each box is so heavy. So now, because each box is so heavy. So now, my last step is, guys. my last step is, guys. my last step is, guys. I'll cover the box nicely with this wrapping. I'll cover the box nicely with this wrapping. I'll cover the box nicely with this wrapping. So soon, I'll start working again. If you're going around like this, So soon, I'll start working again. If you're going around like this, your head will spin. That's your head will spin. That's your head will spin. That's right, your head is spinning. right, your head is spinning. right, your head is spinning. Now, your head will spin again. Now, your head will spin again. Now, your head will spin again. My My My God, guys, see what Rakib's condition is. It's God, guys, see what Rakib's condition is. It's also lucky that there's a rolling also lucky that there's a rolling also lucky that there's a rolling system here. I couldn't do it either. system here. I couldn't do it either. system here. I couldn't do it either. In fact, my head got dizzy while doing the wrapping. In fact, my head got dizzy while doing the wrapping. In fact, my head got dizzy while doing the wrapping. I can't do it anymore. That's why Antara is doing the I can't do it anymore. That's why Antara is doing the I can't do it anymore. That's why Antara is doing the wrapping. Guys, Antara is now the wrapping. Guys, Antara is now the wrapping. Guys, Antara is now the goal.  How does it feel to be spinning? You said goal.  How does it feel to be spinning? You said goal.  How does it feel to be spinning? You said Antara got up in shock. It's Antara got up in shock. It's Antara got up in shock. It's fun. You'll understand later when your head spins. Spin, spin, fun. You'll understand later when your head spins. Spin, spin, fun. You'll understand later when your head spins. Spin, spin, see how long Antara see how long Antara see how long Antara can spin. Spin, spin, see if it's fun at the end. can spin. Spin, spin, see if it's fun at the end. These big buildings are all spinning. Round, round, These big buildings are all spinning. Round, round, These big buildings are all spinning. Round, round, building is spinning. building is spinning. building is spinning. Guys, our box one is wrapping right. Now Guys, our box one is wrapping right. Now Guys, our box one is wrapping right. Now we'll wrap the box two. Spin, spin, spin, spin, spin, keep spinning. Water. I we'll wrap the box two. Spin, spin, spin, spin, spin, keep spinning. Water. I need some water. Uncle Ji, give me a little water. Drink some need some water. Uncle Ji, give me a little water. Drink some water. Guys, look. Guys, I've been water. Guys, look. Guys, I've been making blogs for so long. making blogs for so long. making blogs for so long. Today, I'm getting worse. My Today, I'm getting worse. My Today, I'm getting worse. My condition is getting worse. condition is getting worse. condition is getting worse. Both of us are packing things up. It's 12 o'clock again. Both of us are packing things up. It's 12 o'clock again. Both of us are packing things up. It's 12 o'clock again. Really? Really? Really? Oh my God. Guys, this is our Canada blog. Do Oh my God. Guys, this is our Canada blog. Do Oh my God. Guys, this is our Canada blog. Do you know how many blogs there are in Canada? you know how many blogs there are in Canada? you know how many blogs there are in Canada? How many How many How many blogs are there in Canada? Guys, I've blogs are there in Canada? Guys, I've never done so much work in my whole life. never done so much work in my whole life. never done so much work in my whole life. Seriously, guys, I swear to God, we are suffering a lot on this trip. Seriously, guys, I swear to God, we are suffering a lot on this trip. Besides that, I'm doing a lot of traveling, guys. Besides that, I'm doing a lot of traveling, guys. Besides that, I'm doing a lot of traveling, guys. Today in this place, tomorrow in that place. Today in this place, tomorrow in that place. Today in this place, tomorrow in that place. But guys, we are currently moving into our new But guys, we are currently moving into our new But guys, we are currently moving into our new room.  You see, I'm room.  You see, I'm room.  You see, I'm coming here with my belongings.  I'm not starting over here. coming here with my belongings.  I'm not starting over here. coming here with my belongings.  I'm not starting over here. Both are in very bad condition.  And I do Both are in very bad condition.  And I do n't think I've ever struggled with so many things in my entire life.  Brother, n't think I've ever struggled with so many things in my entire life.  Brother, n't think I've ever struggled with so many things in my entire life.  Brother, how are you going to take these tomorrow? how are you going to take these tomorrow? how are you going to take these tomorrow? Guy is writing our names in the boxes here Guy is writing our names in the boxes here Guy is writing our names in the boxes here so that we can so that we can so that we can get the boxes very easily.  And look at the guys get the boxes very easily.  And look at the guys get the boxes very easily.  And look at the guys writing their names in a design.  Oh my God!  Rakib writing their names in a design.  Oh my God!  Rakib writing their names in a design.  Oh my God!  Rakib Hossain, is there any need to write so much? Hossain, is there any need to write so much? Hossain, is there any need to write so much? Yes. Yes. Yes. Look how much Antara is acting.  Stop this nonsense and Look how much Antara is acting.  Stop this nonsense and Look how much Antara is acting.  Stop this nonsense and hurry up, or the hurry up, or the hurry up, or the plane will be delayed while you write your name.  Finally, finally, finally, guys, after plane will be delayed while you write your name.  Finally, finally, finally, guys, after plane will be delayed while you write your name.  Finally, finally, finally, guys, after two long hours, two long hours, two long hours, I can finally complete the packing. I can finally complete the packing. I can finally complete the packing. Our packing guys are fully Our packing guys are fully Our packing guys are fully complete.  Guys, it looks great.  It complete.  Guys, it looks great.  It complete.  Guys, it looks great.  It was a very difficult task.  But Alhamdulillah, I was was a very difficult task.  But Alhamdulillah, I was was a very difficult task.  But Alhamdulillah, I was able to complete it very nicely. able to complete it very nicely. able to complete it very nicely. Guys, Rakib is coming up with many interesting challenges in these 28 blogs of ours. Guys, Rakib is coming up with many interesting challenges in these 28 blogs of ours. Guys, Rakib is coming up with many interesting challenges in these 28 blogs of ours. And today And today And today I'm bringing a fun challenge for Rakib.  Are I'm bringing a fun challenge for Rakib.  Are I'm bringing a fun challenge for Rakib.  Are you ready you ready you ready for today's challenge? for today's challenge? for today's challenge? What is the challenge?   You'll have to What is the challenge?   You'll have to What is the challenge?   You'll have to play to see what the challenge is.  Isn't that right play to see what the challenge is.  Isn't that right play to see what the challenge is.  Isn't that right ?  How do you know if you're lying down ?  How do you know if you're lying down ?  How do you know if you're lying down ? ? ? I don't have the strength to do so much work anymore. I don't have the strength to do so much work anymore. I don't have the strength to do so much work anymore. Come on, let me explain.  What is the challenge Come on, let me explain.  What is the challenge Come on, let me explain.  What is the challenge ?   Okay, let's go. ?   Okay, let's go. ?   Okay, let's go. What is the challenge?  The challenge What is the challenge?  The challenge What is the challenge?  The challenge is, how do you want to see me?  You is, how do you want to see me?  You is, how do you want to see me?  You tell me five things that tell me five things that tell me five things that would be better if this were like this, that would be better if this were like this. would be better if this were like this, that would be better if this were like this. would be better if this were like this, that would be better if this were like this. And I'll tell you five things, And I'll tell you five things, And I'll tell you five things, then I'll give you a new look and then I'll give you a new look and then I'll give you a new look and you give me a new look. you give me a new look. you give me a new look. And I understand the new viral challenge. And I understand the new viral challenge. And I understand the new viral challenge. Yes, it is very viral abroad.   Okay, okay, okay, come on, Yes, it is very viral abroad.   Okay, okay, okay, come on, Yes, it is very viral abroad.   Okay, okay, okay, come on, I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. Come on. Come on. Come on. Guys, now we are going to start our challenge. Guys, now we are going to start our challenge. Guys, now we are going to start our challenge. But before we start the challenge, let me tell you that I wo But before we start the challenge, let me tell you that I wo But before we start the challenge, let me tell you that I wo n't be able to cheat.  So, n't be able to cheat.  So, n't be able to cheat.  So, will you tell me quickly or will I? will you tell me quickly or will I? will you tell me quickly or will I? Rockop.  Keep it up, Paper Caesar, you won, Rockop.  Keep it up, Paper Caesar, you won, Rockop.  Keep it up, Paper Caesar, you won, I never told you, but I never told you, but I never told you, but I want you to have a fat, fat old man like this, I want you to have a fat, fat old man like this, I want you to have a fat, fat old man like this, so fat [music] Fat, fat, so fat [music] Fat, fat, so fat [music] Fat, fat, I was thinking, I'll do it, I was thinking, I'll do it, I was thinking, I'll do it, you won't think about it, now I'm telling you, you won't think about it, now I'm telling you, you won't think about it, now I'm telling you, now guys, we'll make Rakib a fat, fat old man, now guys, we'll make Rakib a fat, fat old man, complete, guys, complete, guys, complete, guys, now I'll see, give me the mirror, let me now I'll see, give me the mirror, let me now I'll see, give me the mirror, let me see the mirror, guys, see the mirror, guys, see the mirror, guys, what is this doing to me [loud laughter] I do what is this doing to me [loud laughter] I do what is this doing to me [loud laughter] I do n't like it.  Guys, I look so rotten just looking at you. n't like it.  Guys, I look so rotten just looking at you. n't like it.  Guys, I look so rotten just looking at you. Now it's my turn, guys. Now it's my turn, guys. Now it's my turn, guys. Since you made my old man so fat. Since you made my old man so fat. Since you made my old man so fat. I want to make your I want to make your I want to make your lips as plump as lip filler. lips as plump as lip filler. lips as plump as lip filler. What? What? What? Yes guys, now I will perform surgery on Antara. Yes guys, now I will perform surgery on Antara. Yes guys, now I will perform surgery on Antara. You can't.  I am doing it. You can't.  I am doing it. You can't.  I am doing it. Why?  No, no, sing [music].  Look, I've had my inner thigh surgery and made her sing [music].  Look, I've had my inner thigh surgery and made her sing [music].  Look, I've had my inner thigh surgery and made her fat all at once.  How is it?   Did fat all at once.  How is it?   Did fat all at once.  How is it?   Did you give me a leaf pillar or a you give me a leaf pillar or a you give me a leaf pillar or a monkey's left eight?   It monkey's left eight?   It monkey's left eight?   It 's beautiful.   I don't 's beautiful.   I don't 's beautiful.   I don't like it. like it. like it. Now tell me how you want to see me? Now tell me how you want to see me? Now tell me how you want to see me? I want Rakib to have a full I want Rakib to have a full I want Rakib to have a full red blush here. red blush here. red blush here. Okay, kill the wet blush, why should I Okay, kill the wet blush, why should I Okay, kill the wet blush, why should I blush? blush? blush? This is my wish.  I want to see you. This is my wish.  I want to see you. This is my wish.  I want to see you. Guys, look at what I'm doing, Guys, look at what I'm doing, Guys, look at what I'm doing, why don't you like it? I do why don't you like it? I do why don't you like it? I do n't like it at all. I want Antara's n't like it at all. I want Antara's n't like it at all. I want Antara's two brows to be paired together. two brows to be paired together. two brows to be paired together. Hey guys, look, now I've matched Antara with me. guys, look, now I've matched Antara with me. guys, look, now I've matched Antara with me. Wow, I like it. Wow, I like it. Wow, I like it. Now you're making me look like a complete Now you're making me look like a complete Now you're making me look like a complete cutie queen. Now I want cutie queen. Now I want cutie queen. Now I want you to always keep your hair like this, right you to always keep your hair like this, right you to always keep your hair like this, right ? ? ? Yes, I was polite. Yes, I was polite. Yes, I was polite. I don't like it like this at all.  I'm I don't like it like this at all.  I'm I don't like it like this at all.  I'm completely surprised that completely surprised that completely surprised that Spike Wright is like that. Spike Wright is like that. Spike Wright is like that. Yes, there will be spikes.  [Music] Guys, my hair spikes right.  I Guys, my hair spikes right.  I Guys, my hair spikes right.  I almost feel like I'm being printed now.   It almost feel like I'm being printed now.   It almost feel like I'm being printed now.   It looks amazing.  Chamlak. looks amazing.  Chamlak. looks amazing.  Chamlak. Shapy Boy and Shapy Girl. Shapy Boy and Shapy Girl. Shapy Boy and Shapy Girl. Guys, now I'm pulling, I want my heart to be Guys, now I'm pulling, I want my heart to be Guys, now I'm pulling, I want my heart to be twisted like mine.  Do girls have sprains or not? twisted like mine.  Do girls have sprains or not? twisted like mine.  Do girls have sprains or not? So do boys have brushes or not? So do boys have brushes or not? So do boys have brushes or not? Why did you give me a brush? Why did you give me a brush? Why did you give me a brush? [Music] The tight inner thigh is tight. tight inner thigh is tight. tight inner thigh is tight. Now I will take revenge for this. Now I will take revenge for this. Now I will take revenge for this. What do you want to say? What do you want to say? What do you want to say? Open your socks. Open your socks. Open your socks. Do you eat socks? Do you eat socks? Do you eat socks? No, you won't take off your socks and put them in your ears here. No, you won't take off your socks and put them in your ears here. I will do whatever you tell me.  I have I will do whatever you tell me.  I have I will do whatever you tell me.  I have no problem.  See if there is any spell?   Okay guys, no problem.  See if there is any spell?   Okay guys, no problem.  See if there is any spell?   Okay guys, I'm putting socks in my ears. I'm putting socks in my ears. I'm putting socks in my ears. Rakib is reading, guys, these are the two ears of the sock, I Rakib is reading, guys, these are the two ears of the sock, I Rakib is reading, guys, these are the two ears of the sock, I put the sock on my right ear, put the sock on my right ear, put the sock on my right ear, I want Antara to be missing one tooth, let it be I want Antara to be missing one tooth, let it be I want Antara to be missing one tooth, let it be Look, Antara's tooth has fallen out, the last one is complete, there Look, Antara's tooth has fallen out, the last one is complete, there Look, Antara's tooth has fallen out, the last one is complete, there is another one, finally, is another one, finally, is another one, finally, I want you to have such a big mole here, I want you to have such a big mole here, I want you to have such a big mole here, friends, my mole is complete, friends, my mole is complete, friends, my mole is complete, I can't even speak in front of the camera after seeing your look. I can't even speak in front of the camera after seeing your look. I can't even speak in front of the camera after seeing your look. So now it's the last one, okay So now it's the last one, okay So now it's the last one, okay ?  This is it guys, I'll give Antara ?  This is it guys, I'll give Antara ?  This is it guys, I'll give Antara eyeliner, very nicely. eyeliner, very nicely. eyeliner, very nicely. Why are you laughing?  [Loud laughter] Why are you laughing?  [Loud laughter] Why are you laughing?  [Loud laughter] I wonder if people will make memes about these. I wonder if people will make memes about these. I wonder if people will make memes about these. People will make it for you.  Close your eyes. People will make it for you.  Close your eyes. People will make it for you.  Close your eyes. Complete, Complete, Complete, you look very beautiful.  And you look very beautiful.  And you look very beautiful.  And tell me how you feel? tell me how you feel? tell me how you feel? In a word, print.  You also need a stamp.   You've made In a word, print.  You also need a stamp.   You've made In a word, print.  You also need a stamp.   You've made me the queen of Cuttack.  Let's get rid of the knot. me the queen of Cuttack.  Let's get rid of the knot. me the queen of Cuttack.  Let's get rid of the knot. I became a gay chaperone.  [Loud laughter] I became a gay chaperone.  [Loud laughter] I became a gay chaperone.  [Loud laughter] Guys, I can't even talk about this look in front of the camera.  So Guys, I can't even talk about this look in front of the camera.  So Guys, I can't even talk about this look in front of the camera.  So I'm thinking of I'm thinking of I'm thinking of calling TRS now. calling TRS now. calling TRS now. We will take the reaction of showing this look to each person by calling them. We will take the reaction of showing this look to each person by calling them. We will take the reaction of showing this look to each person by calling them. Wow, your ear hair is even Wow, your ear hair is even Wow, your ear hair is even more beautiful. more beautiful. more beautiful. You made me a student. You made me a student. You made me a student. So let's call everyone one by one.   Guys, So let's call everyone one by one.   Guys, So let's call everyone one by one.   Guys, we're calling Ritu right away. we're calling Ritu right away. we're calling Ritu right away. The people of the heart will see the season fast.  [Loud laughter] The people of the heart will see the season fast.  [Loud laughter] The people of the heart will see the season fast.  [Loud laughter] No no no no No no no no No no no no yours yours yours first you him him him first you him him him first you him him him this is it first my look you are ready this is it first my look you are ready this is it first my look you are ready pull  I pull  I pull  I gave you a look. I gave your uncle a look. gave you a look. I gave your uncle a look. gave you a look. I gave your uncle a look. Whose look is more funny? Whose look is more funny? Whose look is more funny? Joy. I'm thinking. Joy. I'm thinking. Joy. I'm thinking. How will it be if I bring your aunt through the airport like this? How will it be if I bring your aunt through the airport like this? How will it be if I bring your aunt through the airport like this? Those friends. Now I'm calling Jiban. Let's see Those friends. Now I'm calling Jiban. Let's see Those friends. Now I'm calling Jiban. Let's see what Jiban says. Our people see. what Jiban says. Our people see. what Jiban says. Our people see. Hello. Are Hello. Are Hello. Are you getting in shape? you getting in shape? you getting in shape? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Why are you looking like this? Hey, are you looking like this? Why are you looking like this? Hey, are you looking like this? Why are you looking like this? Hey, are you looking like this? We don't know. That's why I'm calling. That's why I'm going to We don't know. That's why I'm calling. That's why I'm going to We don't know. That's why I'm calling. That's why I'm going to show you something now. Are you ready to see? What's show you something now. Are you ready to see? What's wrong? I'm showing you my look. Look who's wearing a tan. wrong? I'm showing you my look. Look who's wearing a tan. wrong? I'm showing you my look. Look who's wearing a tan. I'm I'm I'm holding it. holding it. holding it. Now look at your aunt's look. Whose look do you think is you think is you think is more funny? Mine or more funny? Mine or more funny? Mine or your uncle's?   I am the your uncle's?   I am the your uncle's?   I am the winner.  I gave your uncle this look. winner.  I gave your uncle this look. winner.  I gave your uncle this look. And your uncle gave me this look. And your uncle gave me this look. Bye bye, life.  So friends, this was Bye bye, life.  So friends, this was Bye bye, life.  So friends, this was our last video in Canada.  Guys, our last video in Canada.  Guys, our last video in Canada.  Guys, we need to get ready to go to Bangladesh soon. we need to get ready to go to Bangladesh soon. we need to get ready to go to Bangladesh soon. I'll be ready, but Antara will leave like this. I'll be ready, but Antara will leave like this. I'll be ready, but Antara will leave like this. Just ready to give back. Just ready to give back. Just ready to give back. Right.  And bye guys, how did our look turn out? Right.  And bye guys, how did our look turn out? Right.  And bye guys, how did our look turn out? Of course, everyone will comment and let us know.   Is Of course, everyone will comment and let us know.   Is Of course, everyone will comment and let us know.   Is my look funnier or Antara's my look funnier or Antara's my look funnier or Antara's look funnier?  Okay.  The one who is funnier will be the look funnier?  Okay.  The one who is funnier will be the look funnier?  Okay.  The one who is funnier will be the winner.   Okay, okay, winner.   Okay, okay, winner.   Okay, okay, he will be the winner.  So we are he will be the winner.  So we are he will be the winner.  So we are ending our blog today here.  Inshallah, ending our blog today here.  Inshallah, ending our blog today here.  Inshallah, guys, you will be able to see our Bangladesh in tomorrow's blog. guys, you will be able to see our Bangladesh in tomorrow's blog. guys, you will be able to see our Bangladesh in tomorrow's blog. Everyone will be behind the team on the blog tomorrow. Everyone will be behind the team on the blog tomorrow. Everyone will be behind the team on the blog tomorrow. I'm so I'm so I'm so excited to meet all the family. excited to meet all the family. excited to meet all the family. Because I've been in Canada for a long time, I Because I've been in Canada for a long time, I Because I've been in Canada for a long time, I miss everyone at home a lot.  So, guys, miss everyone at home a lot.  So, guys, miss everyone at home a lot.  So, guys, we're ending today's blog here. we're ending today's blog here. we're ending today's blog here. See you guys next time on the See you guys next time on the See you guys next time on the blog.  Until then, everyone stay well and blog.  Until then, everyone stay well and blog.  Until then, everyone stay well and healthy.  Allah is the protector.  [Screaming]