Anyone else in marathons and all yes
ma'am miss hoo [laughs]
what's your name can you be a little loud Shubha Shubha how much do you
run
half marathon how many have you done three
you have done ok what do you run Shubha I get
happiness I get happiness I
get happiness like what happiness means I am
not getting happiness in other things like have you
ever tried alcohol
but I get happiness. Can you be a little
illustrative about it? I really want to know what kind
of happiness do you get when you
run?
Achievement.
Sense of achievement is what you get, you have
completed 21 km. And what was your
rank last time you ran?
How many people run? Do
you drive Tata Mumbai in Mumbai? How many
people run Tata Mumbai? 400 people. What was it like
to tell me your number once? [laughter]
Yes? It is a
big thing that it has been completed. It is a
big thing to finish it because you
get a sense of achievement and you get it.
Happiness over there. Nice nice. I want
a genuine answer. That's the genuine
answer, right? I was asking because you know I also
used to do this thing you know
marathon like not used to I did it only once
and then I stopped [laughs]
because I realised why people are doing this nonsense
friend because
I was running this marathon in 2018
brother the last half marathon was not even full
Tata Momo marathon is there, there is a half marathon
so these are the organisers right these are the
organisers so you have to pay
money
to run
and I am not able to understand this nonsense that
why should I run by giving money to someone else.
If the money is mine then the sweat should be someone else's.
No, suppose I call you all here today
and say, come on brothers, make me laugh, well done.
No friend, and I am elder brother in Delhi.
We were never taught to
give money to someone else and run away. The only thing they taught us was to
take someone else's money and run away. [Applause]
[Encouraging voice] I do
n't want to show my face to
anyone for a while. No man, really and I did this thing you know
Mumbai Marathon. Can I
tell you where the marathon takes place? It happens in Delhi,
Mumbai, Pune, Bar, Hyderabad.
Who wins the marathon? Uganda, Kenya
Amoebia.
Here too Ugandans win. I am
telling you. And if you
see the Ugandan running once, you will get your
legs chopped off right here.
Because then you have a genuine reason not to
win. Someone asks why didn't you win? There are no legs.
[applause] [cheering]
How can anyone win from these places?
And brother, you know these Ugandans are
not even seen in marathons. It is visible only in two
places. Stretching at the start
and wearing the medal at the end.
I said, brother, which gutter did he enter and come out of
?
We also took the same route, friend.
We didn't even show it [laughs], brother. Which
way did this come from, friend?
Brother, when their legs go in strides, they have
long legs and these are small
legs,
we have also taken the same route brother, this in
1 hour 40 minutes, in 7 hours
[praise] [voice of encouragement]
brother, I am unable to understand how there is such a gap
and at that time I used to live in Mumbai,
ma'am, that is why I ran in the Mumbai Marathon,
my friend had come from Delhi to Mumbai by
flight at that time to run,
this is called reverse evolution.
Because what is evolution? Man was
born first. Then he hit the ground, then he
walked, ran, took a train, took a flight.
We moved ahead in life. He
took the flight on the first day. Then he
came to my house by local train. The next day it
started running in my starting. 10
km I started walking and after finishing red at the end
I said, God forbid, but if he
dies at the end of the marathon, then
he will be freed from the cycle of life and death today itself.
No one wants to run brother and like anyone who does
fitness, like ma'am you
go to the gym or you do strength training
or you do any kind of workout,
what do you need before that, someone to
motivate you, someone to pump you up, you listen to songs,
motivational songs, you remain enthusiastic, is
n't it brother, I ran like this in Mumbai,
these people made us
cheer from the stage before the starting point, yes, one
person said from the stage, say it loudly,
exactly 15000 people had come just like that, exactly
15000 people, Jai Mata Di
and I am like them, they have set out on the trust of Mata Rani.
He has
no confidence in his fitness. They feel like they have to
run from Katra to Bhawan. Their marathon will be completed.
If the year had Nike agar wale band
nikalta na golden lal chunni wale band
nikalta na agar
jis pe likhe jai mata di. Let's do it.
[Cheers] [Applause] There's no
limit to how recklessly you go.
And brother, I started running. I used to run at
that time. I know it is 7 km. I used to practice
regularly. I started running
brother. I understood that no one in this country wants to
remain fit. There is no thought about
fitness. I started running for 5
minutes sir. 5 Minutes Into the Marathon. One
uncle wait there is a ceiling, it comes on the ceiling. He is
taking his own selfie on the ceiling.
So I thought, uncle, I should motivate him a little.
I said uncle come on you will do it. He is
saying, go ahead and do your work right now.
[Praise] I
said, these people here are very rude, I
swear, I was motivating them, they
shouted at me and I saw, brother,
2.5 km. Half the people stop here. And you
know who stops first? You have
seen those people who have less fitness and
more mischief. You also
come from the same place.
Look at those people who have all the things
but they do not do any activity.
Those who go to the gym a day before the marathon and visit
Dikaiyan.
Nearby worth 3000
[Encouraging voice] T-shirt worth 3000,
shoes worth 20000, your mother worth ₹15 has come
Shoes worth 20000 brother,
take the bag with water sips, have you seen the broken bag,
that water sips is coming
2.5 km water is finished, the guy is lying down, create a
ruckus brother, I will die, if you get an auto somewhere,
get me an auto brother. No
one wants to stay fit. Let me tell you
ma'am, there is no one. Five 5 km Into
the marathon brother 90% of the people there is a carnival going on.
Brother, on the ceiling, a Gujarati family is
making a ball and eating Dhokla Phabda.
[cheering] That was plundered. It was
plund. How did the dhokla reach the ceiling
?
Gola Bandh party is going on. I can go and touch others.
[Encouraging voice] [Laughter]
Brother, there is a lot of laughter and jokes going on there brother,
I did not understand it at all, if you want to make this
country fit then there is only one way,
lathi charge, have
you guys ever seen lathi charge videos,
no one stops in lathi charge [laughter]
in lathi charge everyone runs, whoever is getting hit is
running, save yourself, today the
policeman who is hitting you feels that he has got a
chance to release his stress and you should
see lathi charge like this, watch lathi charge anywhere
brother, as soon as lathi charge happens
, everyone's body becomes flexible. They become like
everyone's body. Have
you ever seen it? As soon as the stick comes, brother, no more.
[Applause] I
swear, brother. I am running
brother. I travel 8-10 km. I reached there. While running
I reached 12th 13th. Now
I used to practice 7-8 regularly. I
reached 12th-13th km. Pay today. Brother,
my condition worsened on the 13th. Because
I don't know why the situation is so bad. My
whole body got dehydrated, man. I became drenched in sweat. The
situation became so bad.
My soul came out of my body.
You are not believing that the soul is really running
with me and
saying hey you crazy ghost
hey [encouraging voice]
what are you doing hey you are fit
you are fit stop
what where are you going brother where am I [laughter]
I will go I am telling you friend I am
not able to do this drama I will go
I am telling you so I am
ignoring myself you know because when you when
you do long distance running you
go on to this face face no runners have come. You are
going to a meditate face. You go to a
trans face.
You don't understand the meaning of runner in that. Then you
feel like running away. No problem. So
I got into that zone. I know he's a runner. Have you
heard how many? How many people have heard it
? Here you go, there are six for 2600. I am
asking the others. I know about Vada Pav,
brother.
We know we shouldn't eat it. Still, catch me eating it. It
is fun to fry the bread. We would have enjoyed it.
Runners eyes you go to a trans. You go
to a meditative space. That you
go into it or it's over, I'll
fall to the ground today. So brother, I entered that zone, you
know I punched the soul and it ran away,
actually
my soul is talking to other souls, while
running it is saying tell
it to stop, the
other soul is saying our bastards have gone
mad, I don't know
why they have become so excited, they are running where,
everyone is running like mad, but I was into
runners, so I ignored them, the soul kept
running, I kept running with my body, my
brother and I was watching brother, at that time
brother was running beside me, you know he is
running very comfortably, completely relaxed, with a
₹1 coin on his face, completely relaxed
face, he is running very comfortably.
So I saw, look what app is he
running after watching, what new
motivational speech is he watching on his phone and running after watching it. So while
running I turned a little and saw that I was
overbooking in the running marathon, then a
thought came to my mind that brother, I should
motivate him. But then
another thought came to my mind that brother, please
book Uber Pool.
I have started to tear slightly. I am running away.
Reached 17th km while running. But
brother, you behaved so rudely at the 17th kilometer in the Mumbai Marathon
when your body was
already torn to pieces. Your condition has deteriorated [laughs] and
then you get to the road
climb. Stretch comes.
Then you remember, oh, is that
why you called out Jai Mata Di in the beginning?
Brother, I am slowly crossing that stretch.
Ok? And I have seen, look, I am
saying the right thing. I have seen that people of Mumbai are
good. Those who do not run, go
home and try out styles etc.
Oranges, bananas, energy, drinks. Brother, an aunty is
distributing walnuts there. Peeled
walnuts. Do you know that peeled walnuts are going for ₹3400 per kg. Should
I not feed all my uncles?
No, really brother. I will not feed it. And what
these people of Mumbai were doing, not in Delhi. You are
not pelting stones in Delhi.
Run away from here.
[Applause] You say, hey, I'm just running,
brother. Hey, run away from here in a crowd.
In Delhi, we will
feed you Band Crore, brother, we will keep you locked up. Just
think, what is the energy left after running 18 kilometers tired.
Hey Bhaiya, is there a door [laughter] somewhere? Can
any guy break an Akhrod? Please, can he
break an Akhrod? This guy at the door, the judge does
n't understand.
I think he has never
seen a walnut inside its shell, Bhaiya? I go to the
food hall every time. Hey Bhaiya, I have never seen an Akhrod in its shell,
friend. [Laughter] Do
you even know, son, Akhrod means walnut,
not walnut. I am doing it while running.
Let's make it clear. While running, ma'am,
I reached the 20th kilometer. Now I am going to
share something with you guys,
which should remain only between us, please don't take it
outside. That day I
realized that all bodies are not made for marathons.
You know, there is a concept in science called
friction.
[Praise] You
know, when two things rub against each other
[Praise] The friction that is created between them, firstly they are
not rubbing as you are thinking, friend
they do not rub, friend I realised that day
that my thigh is on heavier side, if you are
thinking then right from the first kilometer
think this and this, you
know I felt it at 17, sister I am feeling a little burning sensation,
I said there is a flame of victory,
run more and run more
brother in the 20th kilometer I was like bhaiya
where is the finishing line
people are opening water bottles and pouring it on the head.
I open the bottle and hit it. The
runners in the last kilometer thought
this was a way to increase their speed.
[laughter] So half marathon
people open a bottle and hit it in front of the church gate.
[Applause][Cheering] Brother, I
know how I finished 21 that day.
I finished that marathon [laughs] and I just
fell to the ground, you know. This
finishing line or finishing line. Two things
happened. I vomited here, you know,
finishing. In this way all the water came out from the entire body.
Whatever I drank,
I fell down after going 2 meters ahead.
That day I gained two lessons of life
which I am going to share with you now. The
first thing I realized was that two
weeks before that, I had partied until 4:00 in the morning. I had a
lot of fun in life. I had a lot of
fun. I mean, I had a lot of fun. Even
after that I still vomited.
[Applause] [Cheers]
I did fitness here for two and a half to three and a quarter hours. Even
after that I still vomited.
So
why did I get my ass kicked here on Sunday morning when the end is the opposite
?
And brother, I fell there, I swear, I thought
I might have died.
While falling, I felt as if the
bastard had died. Is she dead?
Because brother, there is no respect for anyone in this death.
[Applause] The
guy coming from behind is already tired.
Or did Gaurav ji agree, remove the dead body,
run away [laughs]
remove all these people and what will the family members
say to anyone. Where did Gaurav ji go? Yes,
he ran away.
Where were they running, this path went along with them. There
is no respect brother.
People lying down are slapping me. I am putting pani puri.
Not pani puri, pani puri
sorry.
Pani Puri will not be strange at all. Guy,
make pani puri and kill him. I am
not having Pani Puri. They are splashing water.
Meaning they are pouring water. They are
slapping the face. Brother, when I
opened my eyes a little after five minutes, I saw
someone running from the finishing line. Do you
know who? My Soul.
Remember that soul. Which was left 12-13
km. But brother, she came and entered inside me. She is
saying that I have also completed the marathon.
Said thank you. Your nonsense will not work again.
I said what nonsense? This one says I
feel happy. I Get a Sense of Achievement
When I Run Marathons.
I said I wouldn't do it myself. Am I crazy,
anyone? Oh, okay. So that day I
realized Sir that my soul is
5 minutes slower than me.
In fact, the soul of all of us is
four to five minutes slower than us. Have
you guys noticed it? That you people do wrong things in life.
And the realization
comes only five minutes after that. That
hey friend, your own brother should not have abused your mother.
Yeh pata nahi gusse me hai teri maa
sorry guys hi guys my name is Gaurav Kapoor
and I am coming to perform my stand up
comedy tour in Dubai Mumbai and USA and
Canada Mumbai is 9th of August Dubai is
29th of August and it is a huge tour of USA Canada, it is
approximately of 30 days.
Starting from 11th of September to
12th and 13th of October. Ah all the ticket
details must be here. She must have
come here at this time. So you can see it from here.
Ticket link is in my first comment
of this video also. If you
go to the bio on Instagram, you will find it there. See you
guys over there. It's an absolutely new
show. The name of the show is Bunty and see you guys
over there. Meaning the
old show is still there in Mumbai. But Dubai and USA Canada is the new
show. After that we will tour India with a new show. See
you guys.
