Hello dears.  Welcome to the vlog.  I Hello dears.  Welcome to the vlog.  I Hello dears.  Welcome to the vlog.  I just got out of the pool.  Today I had just got out of the pool.  Today I had just got out of the pool.  Today I had both a bike and a swimming pool.  I trained, both a bike and a swimming pool.  I trained, both a bike and a swimming pool.  I trained, I practiced.  There were more exercises today I practiced.  There were more exercises today I practiced.  There were more exercises today , , , so let me tell you, it was nice, nice. so let me tell you, it was nice, nice. so let me tell you, it was nice, nice. I'm a little hungry.  I need to eat something. I'm a little hungry.  I need to eat something. I'm a little hungry.  I need to eat something. Recently I found such a nice Recently I found such a nice Recently I found such a nice protein sandwich at Żabka.  I'll show you soon. protein sandwich at Żabka.  I'll show you soon. protein sandwich at Żabka.  I'll show you soon. We'll come over.  They'll bake it some more.  This We'll come over.  They'll bake it some more.  This We'll come over.  They'll bake it some more.  This is so good and so filling and I'm is so good and so filling and I'm is so good and so filling and I'm craving it right now.  We're craving it right now.  We're craving it right now.  We're flying too. This is what the sandwich looks like.  We have This is what the sandwich looks like.  We have This is what the sandwich looks like.  We have bread, chicken, dried fruit, dried bread, chicken, dried fruit, dried bread, chicken, dried fruit, dried tomatoes, and lettuce.  I didn't have time tomatoes, and lettuce.  I didn't have time tomatoes, and lettuce.  I didn't have time to show you the packaging because these to show you the packaging because these to show you the packaging because these girls started talking to me.  Later I gave the lady a girls started talking to me.  Later I gave the lady a girls started talking to me.  Later I gave the lady a sandwich to heat up and I forgot, but I'll sandwich to heat up and I forgot, but I'll sandwich to heat up and I forgot, but I'll put a picture of that put a picture of that put a picture of that sandwich somewhere and I'll show you what other ones there sandwich somewhere and I'll show you what other ones there sandwich somewhere and I'll show you what other ones there are.  Well, there is a bit of protein as well as are.  Well, there is a bit of protein as well as are.  Well, there is a bit of protein as well as fat, but this sandwich is really very fat, but this sandwich is really very fat, but this sandwich is really very good.  Give it a try and good.  Give it a try and good.  Give it a try and be sure to heat it up, because oh my be sure to heat it up, because oh my be sure to heat it up, because oh my goodness, it's delicious and, above all, goodness, it's delicious and, above all, goodness, it's delicious and, above all, very filling.  I ate a sandwich, but very filling.  I ate a sandwich, but very filling.  I ate a sandwich, but I also went to the parcel locker because I also went to the parcel locker because I also went to the parcel locker because my parcel arrived and now I don't know if they my parcel arrived and now I don't know if they my parcel arrived and now I don't know if they are gels.  Gels or not.  We'll see. are gels.  Gels or not.  We'll see. are gels.  Gels or not.  We'll see. We'll see soon.   I think We'll see soon.   I think We'll see soon.   I think so.  These are T-shirts.   I'm so so.  These are T-shirts.   I'm so so.  These are T-shirts.   I'm so happy.  y, two happy.  y, two happy.  y, two cycling jerseys, because I actually have two, cycling jerseys, because I actually have two, cycling jerseys, because I actually have two, one of which I love, and the other one is one of which I love, and the other one is one of which I love, and the other one is still a bit tight on me, so I still a bit tight on me, so I still a bit tight on me, so I had to get myself two such jerseys had to get myself two such jerseys had to get myself two such jerseys , because, you know, you sweat , because, you know, you sweat , because, you know, you sweat when I have day after day, for example, when I have day after day, for example, when I have day after day, for example, training, so I miss these jerseys. training, so I miss these jerseys. training, so I miss these jerseys. Mommy comes up to me, she let me Mommy comes up to me, she let me Mommy comes up to me, she let me pet her today. pet her today. pet her today. Yes, you need to visit them more often Yes, you need to visit them more often Yes, you need to visit them more often . . . But you see, the kittens aren't coming over But you see, the kittens aren't coming over But you see, the kittens aren't coming over yet. yet. yet. Lodz, are you waiting for us?  We're going to the Lodz, are you waiting for us?  We're going to the Lodz, are you waiting for us?  We're going to the cottage soon.  [laughter] But look how sweet it is when they But look how sweet it is when they But look how sweet it is when they play.   I play.   I play.   I got you. got you. got you. Come here.  Oh, you wait.  Oh you, wait. Come here.  Oh, you wait.  Oh you, wait. Come here.  Oh, you wait.  Oh you, wait. But there will be an attack now.  Look, mom, But there will be an attack now.  Look, mom, But there will be an attack now.  Look, mom, look what the attack will be like. look what the attack will be like. look what the attack will be like. Oh, [laughter] he Oh, [laughter] he Oh, [laughter] he 'll walk backwards. 'll walk backwards. 'll walk backwards. Oh, Oh, Oh, the tails are moving. the tails are moving. the tails are moving. Oh, oh, Oh, oh, Oh, oh, and this is the girl at the top.  And where and this is the girl at the top.  And where and this is the girl at the top.  And where is the third one? is the third one? is the third one? And he hid somewhere. And he hid somewhere. And he hid somewhere. Oh, to mommy.  Oh Jesus, how she licks him. Oh, to mommy.  Oh Jesus, how she licks him. Oh, to mommy.  Oh Jesus, how she licks him. How sweet.  This one looks very much like mom How sweet.  This one looks very much like mom How sweet.  This one looks very much like mom , doesn't it? , doesn't it? , doesn't it? These spots are so beautiful.  [laughter] These spots are so beautiful.  [laughter] These spots are so beautiful.  [laughter] Oh, here he comes.  Jesus, this girl is beautiful Oh, here he comes.  Jesus, this girl is beautiful Oh, here he comes.  Jesus, this girl is beautiful . She didn't eat before, now she came.   They've She didn't eat before, now she came.   They've She didn't eat before, now she came.   They've already eaten their fill. This one is such a troublemaker, isn't it?  Oh, This one is such a troublemaker, isn't it?  Oh, This one is such a troublemaker, isn't it?  Oh, oh, oh, oh, look, [laughter] that's not look, [laughter] that's not look, [laughter] that's not enough for him.  Oh you, oh you, oh you. What cuties, huh?  Hello dears.  Welcome What cuties, huh?  Hello dears.  Welcome What cuties, huh?  Hello dears.  Welcome to another day.  Mommy and I will be making to another day.  Mommy and I will be making to another day.  Mommy and I will be making tomatoes today. tomatoes today. tomatoes today. Well, they were so abundant that I Well, they were so abundant that I Well, they were so abundant that I made myself a nice made myself a nice made myself a nice sandwich today.  I baked some bread in the sandwich today.  I baked some bread in the sandwich today.  I baked some bread in the oven.  On top of that I put oven.  On top of that I put oven.  On top of that I put avocado, mozzarella cheese, tomato and avocado, mozzarella cheese, tomato and avocado, mozzarella cheese, tomato and a little bit of magic. a little bit of magic. a little bit of magic. Oh my, Oh my, Oh my, you're the pick.  Selective and appetizing.  We still you're the pick.  Selective and appetizing.  We still you're the pick.  Selective and appetizing.  We still have tomatoes here, have tomatoes here, have tomatoes here, so we'll make them with mom, so we'll make them with mom, so we'll make them with mom, we'll just do them gradually, because it's a we'll just do them gradually, because it's a we'll just do them gradually, because it's a shame.  We just won't eat it and shame.  We just won't eat it and shame.  We just won't eat it and will make tomato soup. will make tomato soup. will make tomato soup. Of course it is.  Did you see what Of course it is.  Did you see what Of course it is.  Did you see what happened to me again? happened to me again? happened to me again? Look, my dears, I cured myself and my Look, my dears, I cured myself and my Look, my dears, I cured myself and my watch burned me again. watch burned me again. watch burned me again. Well, well, that's not Well, well, that's not Well, well, that's not good [laughter] that's good [laughter] that's good [laughter] that's not good.   Let's get started not good.   Let's get started not good.   Let's get started .   Yes Sir .   Yes Sir .   Yes Sir .  We are already showing.  Do I have and .  We are already showing.  Do I have and .  We are already showing.  Do I have and will we cut them in half? will we cut them in half? will we cut them in half? I think not. I think not. I think not. No, I think the thermomix will do the trick, right?   He'll be fine No, I think the thermomix will do the trick, right?   He'll be fine No, I think the thermomix will do the trick, right?   He'll be fine .  These, these are already .  These, these are already .  These, these are already rinsed.  These need to be rinsed. rinsed.  These need to be rinsed. rinsed.  These need to be rinsed. And you had them weighed, because I took a couple And you had them weighed, because I took a couple And you had them weighed, because I took a couple . . . No, No, No, no.  Aha, so these need to be rinsed. no.  Aha, so these need to be rinsed. no.  Aha, so these need to be rinsed. Okay, it doesn't have to be a Okay, it doesn't have to be a Okay, it doesn't have to be a strictly strictly strictly weighted proportion.  All right. weighted proportion.  All right. weighted proportion.  All right. Mhm.  We pour it in. Oh, oh, Oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh. They are running away, oh. They are running away, oh. They are running away, running away, running away, running away. running away, running away, running away. running away, running away, running away. Oh, Oh, Oh, he carried the Shar through the desert. he carried the Shar through the desert. he carried the Shar through the desert. And the Thermomix will handle it. And the Thermomix will handle it. And the Thermomix will handle it. For how long? For how long? For how long? Oh, full blast.  First, please tell me how it was mixed. please tell me how it was mixed. please tell me how it was mixed. Show me, show me what you were cutting for.  Elegantly. Show me, show me what you were cutting for.  Elegantly. Show me, show me what you were cutting for.  Elegantly. Jesus, all the lyrics remind me of Jesus, all the lyrics remind me of Jesus, all the lyrics remind me of some song. some song. some song. Wait, we'll pour it in. Throw these tomatoes in there right away. Throw these tomatoes in there right away. Throw these tomatoes in there right away. Yes. Yes. Yes. Rinsed. Rinsed. Rinsed. Hello, poterek.  How many moms do you care? Hello, poterek.  How many moms do you care? Hello, poterek.  How many moms do you care? All.  All. All.  All. All.  All. All.   Oh All.   Oh All.   Oh please. please. please. And they will be just right. And they will be just right. And they will be just right. And still at full volume.  Yes, And still at full volume.  Yes, And still at full volume.  Yes, yes, yes, full blast. yes, yes, full blast. yes, yes, full blast. No, that's a good idea.  It's your No, that's a good idea.  It's your No, that's a good idea.  It's your pity.   Well pity.   Well pity.   Well , we won't accept it. , we won't accept it. , we won't accept it. My mom and I were supposed to My mom and I were supposed to My mom and I were supposed to make these tomatoes yesterday, but there was a storm and there was a make these tomatoes yesterday, but there was a storm and there was a make these tomatoes yesterday, but there was a storm and there was a power cut.  Although, let me put it this way, it power cut.  Although, let me put it this way, it power cut.  Although, let me put it this way, it thundered, thundered, rained, thundered, thundered, rained, thundered, thundered, rained, rained and suddenly there was no electricity.  I already woke up rained and suddenly there was no electricity.  I already woke up rained and suddenly there was no electricity.  I already woke up , it was electricity.  I don't know what time they , it was electricity.  I don't know what time they , it was electricity.  I don't know what time they turned it on. turned it on. turned it on. And probably after midnight. And probably after midnight. And probably after midnight. And I was already asleep.  I was so tired after And I was already asleep.  I was so tired after And I was already asleep.  I was so tired after training that I said I'm going to sleep, because sleep training that I said I'm going to sleep, because sleep training that I said I'm going to sleep, because sleep is also very good for is also very good for is also very good for regeneration. regeneration. regeneration. Now the dears will be cooking.  How much, Now the dears will be cooking.  How much, Now the dears will be cooking.  How much, mom? mom? mom? Well, to evaporate some water.   We'll Well, to evaporate some water.   We'll Well, to evaporate some water.   We'll add salt and a little sugar to show add salt and a little sugar to show how thick it is. how thick it is. how thick it is. For what?  Color, For what?  Color, For what?  Color, so that the tomatoes have color. How much salt did you put in?   A How much salt did you put in?   A How much salt did you put in?   A spoon.   A spoon.   A spoon.   A spoonful of salt, a teaspoon of sugar.   I'll spoonful of salt, a teaspoon of sugar.   I'll spoonful of salt, a teaspoon of sugar.   I'll buy two teaspoons buy two teaspoons buy two teaspoons to preserve the color. to preserve the color. to preserve the color. Only four came out. Only four came out. Only four came out. Yes, there Yes, there Yes, there were that many tomatoes. were that many tomatoes. were that many tomatoes. Well [laughter] but it evaporated. Well [laughter] but it evaporated. Well [laughter] but it evaporated. Oh okay. Oh okay. Oh okay. Well, that's so Well, that's so Well, that's so pretty.  Do we still have tomatoes in the pretty.  Do we still have tomatoes in the pretty.  Do we still have tomatoes in the garden? garden? garden? Yes.  Well, they will still mature.   I do Yes.  Well, they will still mature.   I do Yes.  Well, they will still mature.   I do n't know if anyone drove up. n't know if anyone drove up. n't know if anyone drove up. I'll check I'll check I'll check what came in there soon. what came in there soon. what came in there soon. Gels, because I'm out of them.  I had those gels for a long time Gels, because I'm out of them.  I had those gels for a long time Gels, because I'm out of them.  I had those gels for a long time , because I recently ordered some , because I recently ordered some , because I recently ordered some lovely gels from the same company, but lovely gels from the same company, but lovely gels from the same company, but unfortunately I didn't like the taste. unfortunately I didn't like the taste. unfortunately I didn't like the taste. My favorite gels are these, I'm My favorite gels are these, I'm My favorite gels are these, I'm showing you these now. showing you these now. showing you these now. Well, I was tempted because those were on Well, I was tempted because those were on Well, I was tempted because those were on sale [laughter] sale [laughter] sale [laughter] and it cost me four something.  Well, I and it cost me four something.  Well, I and it cost me four something.  Well, I simply didn't like them, but I won't simply didn't like them, but I won't simply didn't like them, but I won't show which ones, because maybe someone won't like them show which ones, because maybe someone won't like them show which ones, because maybe someone won't like them .  Yes.  However, here, here, bars should also come for here, bars should also come for here, bars should also come for cycling. cycling. cycling. And I don't know what it is. And I don't know what it is. And I don't know what it is. Probably so.  Oh, these are such bars, I'll so.  Oh, these are such bars, I'll so.  Oh, these are such bars, I'll need them because I have a Grand Fondo need them because I have a Grand Fondo need them because I have a Grand Fondo in Warsaw and a Grand Fondo in Toruń.  During in Warsaw and a Grand Fondo in Toruń.  During in Warsaw and a Grand Fondo in Toruń.  During training, I only take one gel and training, I only take one gel and training, I only take one gel and one bar, and I don't one bar, and I don't one bar, and I don't use it anymore because the trainer teaches me to use it anymore because the trainer teaches me to use it anymore because the trainer teaches me to use my own energy resources, use my own energy resources, use my own energy resources, to use it as little as possible.  Unless it's during a to use it as little as possible.  Unless it's during a to use it as little as possible.  Unless it's during a competition, so during a competition, let competition, so during a competition, let competition, so during a competition, let 's say four gels and a bar, but that's 's say four gels and a bar, but that's 's say four gels and a bar, but that's also after a few kilometers.  Well, also after a few kilometers.  Well, also after a few kilometers.  Well, if you're curious, let me know and I'll if you're curious, let me know and I'll if you're curious, let me know and I'll explain it a little more. explain it a little more. explain it a little more. My, what a talker he is.  [laughter] My, what a talker he is.  [laughter] My, what a talker he is.  [laughter] I'd like to show you the T- I'd like to show you the T- I'd like to show you the T- shirts that arrived, because I did shirts that arrived, because I did shirts that arrived, because I did n't open them yesterday, so I'll n't open them yesterday, so I'll n't open them yesterday, so I'll try them on with you today.  Eh, wait try them on with you today.  Eh, wait try them on with you today.  Eh, wait a minute.   We're currently on a break from cleaning. Here I will be very visible on my bike. Here I will be very visible on my bike. Here I will be very visible on my bike. All right. All right. All right. And black, because I wanted a black one too And black, because I wanted a black one too And black, because I wanted a black one too .  I'll try it on soon and show you. .  I'll try it on soon and show you. .  I'll try it on soon and show you. Well, I'm curious.   I miss these shirts.   I do miss these shirts.   I do miss these shirts.   I do n't know.  I actually have one that will be cool will be cool will be cool and I invite you.   This is what it and I invite you.   This is what it and I invite you.   This is what it looks like. looks like. looks like. Oh cool.  Great. Oh cool.  Great. Oh cool.  Great. And it has reflectors on the back.   Yeah. And it has reflectors on the back.   Yeah. And it has reflectors on the back.   Yeah. Oh, and he has these. Oh, and he has these. Oh, and he has these. Oh, you see, elegansio.   It Oh, you see, elegansio.   It Oh, you see, elegansio.   It still has pockets. still has pockets. still has pockets. What a neat girl. What a neat girl. What a neat girl. E, E, E, it will be, it will be, it will be, it will be.  But I'll tell you, it looks great with those it will be.  But I'll tell you, it looks great with those it will be.  But I'll tell you, it looks great with those extra shorts.   I extra shorts.   I extra shorts.   I have one more.  T-shirts are generally have one more.  T-shirts are generally have one more.  T-shirts are generally expensive, and this one was really nice on expensive, and this one was really nice on expensive, and this one was really nice on sale.  99.99 sale.  99.99 sale.  99.99 cost 4F cost 4F cost 4F and loose.  This one will be for colder days and loose.  This one will be for colder days and loose.  This one will be for colder days because it is black.  I think maybe we'll because it is black.  I think maybe we'll because it is black.  I think maybe we'll see today. see today. see today. And I'll show you one more that I have for And I'll show you one more that I have for And I'll show you one more that I have for this heat.  Although I this heat.  Although I this heat.  Although I try not to drive in this heat, but you know what I try not to drive in this heat, but you know what I try not to drive in this heat, but you know what I mean.  If there is sun, then that one will be mean.  If there is sun, then that one will be mean.  If there is sun, then that one will be there. there. there. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. And this one is like this. And this one is like this. And this one is like this. Oh, you're welcome.  But how pretty. Oh, you're welcome.  But how pretty. Oh, you're welcome.  But how pretty. Mom, don't use your phone like that, Mom, don't use your phone like that, Mom, don't use your phone like that, [laughter] because the image will be unstable.  The one [laughter] because the image will be unstable.  The one [laughter] because the image will be unstable.  The one that will be visible. that will be visible. that will be visible. I'll tell you, yes.  And with this I'll tell you, yes.  And with this I'll tell you, yes.  And with this color scheme it looks nice.  Oh, color scheme it looks nice.  Oh, color scheme it looks nice.  Oh, you'll be showing off on the road. you'll be showing off on the road. you'll be showing off on the road. Well, listen to how viewers catch me on Well, listen to how viewers catch me on Well, listen to how viewers catch me on the way to take photos, even though sometimes the way to take photos, even though sometimes the way to take photos, even though sometimes I'm really fast and I don't I'm really fast and I don't I'm really fast and I don't stop because I feel bad about it, because I have to stop because I feel bad about it, because I have to stop because I feel bad about it, because I have to put in a lot of effort to get up to put in a lot of effort to get up to put in a lot of effort to get up to speed, but when they catch me somewhere speed, but when they catch me somewhere speed, but when they catch me somewhere , they'll have me in a , they'll have me in a , they'll have me in a different outfit now, different outfit now, different outfit now, not in one all the time.  [laughter] It's not that not in one all the time.  [laughter] It's not that not in one all the time.  [laughter] It's not that this one could be, this one could be, this one could be, but that sometimes I need it but that sometimes I need it but that sometimes I need it overnight and it won't dry, or I forget overnight and it won't dry, or I forget overnight and it won't dry, or I forget to wash it right away, or there are no dark ones and to wash it right away, or there are no dark ones and to wash it right away, or there are no dark ones and only one.   There is only one.   There is only one.   There is no need to dry it, because here it dries once or twice no need to dry it, because here it dries once or twice no need to dry it, because here it dries once or twice .   It's just that you have to, you know, .   It's just that you have to, you know, .   It's just that you have to, you know, wait for the wait for the wait for the others.  Well, you won't others.  Well, you won't others.  Well, you won't wash just one. wash just one. wash just one. Yes, that's right.  Oh well, I was just Yes, that's right.  Oh well, I was just Yes, that's right.  Oh well, I was just asking for it.  I have another asking for it.  I have another asking for it.  I have another orange one, but orange one, but orange one, but I ordered that one earlier.  I'll show you a moment, I ordered that one earlier.  I'll show you a moment, I ordered that one earlier.  I'll show you a moment, but I still have to lose weight before that.  This one but I still have to lose weight before that.  This one but I still have to lose weight before that.  This one will fit my bike. will fit my bike. will fit my bike. Oh, cool. Oh, cool. Oh, cool. It's 4F. It's 4F. It's 4F. Oh, Oh, Oh, cool. cool. cool. Cool, right? Cool, right? Cool, right? Well, Well, Well, well, I'm not buying anymore.  Unless someone well, I'm not buying anymore.  Unless someone well, I'm not buying anymore.  Unless someone wants to send it to me, then [laughter] I'll ask for it.   There wants to send it to me, then [laughter] I'll ask for it.   There wants to send it to me, then [laughter] I'll ask for it.   There 's never too much of it, so 's never too much of it, so 's never too much of it, so you know, especially when you you know, especially when you you know, especially when you start riding. start riding. start riding. Yes. Yes. Yes. Well, this one is beautiful too.  Well, I'm Well, this one is beautiful too.  Well, I'm Well, this one is beautiful too.  Well, I'm telling you, it will suit me.  I could also telling you, it will suit me.  I could also telling you, it will suit me.  I could also use some orange shoes, use some orange shoes, use some orange shoes, but it will be gradual and I will but it will be gradual and I will but it will be gradual and I will also buy orange or black or white also buy orange or black or white also buy orange or black or white to match the colors, you have no to match the colors, you have no to match the colors, you have no idea what I mean.  Even though I have a idea what I mean.  Even though I have a idea what I mean.  Even though I have a bit of that celadon color element bit of that celadon color element bit of that celadon color element on my helmet, this one will on my helmet, this one will on my helmet, this one will suit me.  But the shoes don't fit me anymore, suit me.  But the shoes don't fit me anymore, suit me.  But the shoes don't fit me anymore, so no. so no. so no. And those shoes matched that And those shoes matched that And those shoes matched that purple shirt. purple shirt. purple shirt. You see?  I'm dressing up here.  This is what I You see?  I'm dressing up here.  This is what I You see?  I'm dressing up here.  This is what I like. like. like. Do my duty to me. Do my duty to me. Do my duty to me. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. What do we have here?  What do we have here?   I do n't know if I need to wear glasses n't know if I need to wear glasses n't know if I need to wear glasses that much?   Yeah. that much?   Yeah. that much?   Yeah. E, E, E, I'll help.  [laughter] I'll help.  [laughter] I'll help.  [laughter] I'll clean the cabin. I'll clean the cabin. I'll clean the cabin. Operating Instructions  All right. Operating Instructions  All right. Operating Instructions  All right. Okay, this is probably for the cabin. Okay, this is probably for the cabin. Okay, this is probably for the cabin. Mhm. I thought I had to I thought I had to I thought I had to put on that different tip, but put on that different tip, but put on that different tip, but okay, since it's rubber, it won't okay, since it's rubber, it won't okay, since it's rubber, it won't scratch. [snort] read. [snort] read. [snort] read. Next instruction.  You see, this is how Next instruction.  You see, this is how Next instruction.  You see, this is how fast you read. fast you read. fast you read. [snort] I learned math so quickly [snort] I learned math so quickly [snort] I learned math so quickly . We help, mommy. We help, mommy. We help, mommy. Yes, you help. This is where it comes in. This is where it comes in. This is where it comes in. Oh, Oh, Oh, he, womb is, is. he, womb is, is. he, womb is, is. Womb.  [snort] Womb.  [snort] Womb.  [snort] And what next?  You probably need to press something on And what next?  You probably need to press something on And what next?  You probably need to press something on that brush. that brush. that brush. Yes, but it needs to warm up first. Yes, but it needs to warm up first. Yes, but it needs to warm up first. Let it warm up. Let it warm up. Let it warm up. Wait, we have to read it first. Wait, we have to read it first. Wait, we have to read it first. Lady looks bored.  Don't worry, Lady. Lady looks bored.  Don't worry, Lady. Lady looks bored.  Don't worry, Lady. I also I also I also need to get out of here, because it's steam, so she does need to get out of here, because it's steam, so she does need to get out of here, because it's steam, so she does n't get scared here, she doesn't n't get scared here, she doesn't n't get scared here, she doesn't get burned anywhere. get burned anywhere. get burned anywhere. Okay, come on Dejus, let's go.  Stay put Okay, come on Dejus, let's go.  Stay put Okay, come on Dejus, let's go.  Stay put , okay, wait there. , okay, wait there. , okay, wait there. Okay, so here we have the bigger pair and Okay, so here we have the bigger pair and Okay, so here we have the bigger pair and this one is smaller. this one is smaller. this one is smaller. Yes.  Oh Jesus, this is the first time I've ever experienced this. Oh damn, does Yes.  Oh Jesus, this is the first time I've ever experienced this. Oh damn, does Yes.  Oh Jesus, this is the first time I've ever experienced this. Oh damn, does it even touch? it even touch? it even touch? Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay.  Do I poop first? Okay.  Do I poop first? Okay.  Do I poop first? Be careful Be careful Be careful not to look at your hand.   I not to look at your hand.   I not to look at your hand.   I thought he was going to be pissed off like that at first. thought he was going to be pissed off like that at first. thought he was going to be pissed off like that at first. No, no, no, no.  It goes like this. I read that you have to use a special I read that you have to use a special I read that you have to use a special agent that you first put on the agent that you first put on the agent that you first put on the shower cabin and only then shower cabin and only then shower cabin and only then take the steamer.  Because this steam cleaner is take the steamer.  Because this steam cleaner is take the steamer.  Because this steam cleaner is better at removing dirt such as better at removing dirt such as better at removing dirt such as grease grease grease or other types of dirt.  No, or other types of dirt.  No, or other types of dirt.  No, not too strong. not too strong. not too strong. You need to use some preparation and then You need to use some preparation and then You need to use some preparation and then remove it, remove it, remove it, because steam alone won't handle it.   That's what because steam alone won't handle it.   That's what because steam alone won't handle it.   That's what I read.   So, I read.   So, I read.   So, no, no no, no no, no , but it helped a little here and there, but it didn't , but it helped a little here and there, but it didn't , but it helped a little here and there, but it didn't help. help. help. Because it doesn't settle here.  Yes.  Well, they show it off brilliantly here. they show it off brilliantly here. they show it off brilliantly here. Oh wow, Oh wow, Oh wow, cool. cool. cool. Okay, this is where he surprised me. Wow. Well, you see.  Oh, you see, the dirt Well, you see.  Oh, you see, the dirt Well, you see.  Oh, you see, the dirt from what Mom and I washed off is stuck here from what Mom and I washed off is stuck here from what Mom and I washed off is stuck here . . . Well, it gets into these nooks and crannies.  Well, it Well, it gets into these nooks and crannies.  Well, it Well, it gets into these nooks and crannies.  Well, it looks great, this will get you there. Look how much of it there is here.   Well, Look how much of it there is here.   Well, Look how much of it there is here.   Well, I see it now.  Well, because it's from all I see it now.  Well, because it's from all I see it now.  Well, because it's from all corners, and it can't be done manually. corners, and it can't be done manually. corners, and it can't be done manually. Unfortunately.   Here you go Unfortunately.   Here you go Unfortunately.   Here you go .  Now the walls from above. .  Now the walls from above. .  Now the walls from above. The walls are crumbling, The walls are crumbling, The walls are crumbling, the windows are shattering. It goes.   I don't think it's going It goes.   I don't think it's going It goes.   I don't think it's going . . . Well, this is Well, this is Well, this is going weird.   It goes , it goes, it goes, it , it goes, it goes, it , it goes, it goes, it goes, it goes.   It's a bit uncomfortable here, a bit uncomfortable here, a bit uncomfortable here, but it will improve with a cloth. Well, it cleans nicely. They scare us. So what? So what? So what? Would you like such a person to clean? These are years of practice, my dears, These are years of practice, my dears, These are years of practice, my dears, experience. NO. And in general, my dears, this is what befits us.   We And in general, my dears, this is what befits us.   We And in general, my dears, this is what befits us.   We can't take it out.  Mom even can't take it out.  Mom even can't take it out.  Mom even cut her hand.  Show mom what cut her hand.  Show mom what cut her hand.  Show mom what you're going to spray. you're going to spray. you're going to spray. And now I will have a clean cabin. And now I will have a clean cabin. And now I will have a clean cabin. Well, that's all you need, my dears, because it stinks terribly Well, that's all you need, my dears, because it stinks terribly Well, that's all you need, my dears, because it stinks terribly . . . Well, he rocks hard, though Well, he rocks hard, though Well, he rocks hard, though . . . But it will dissolve. All right. All right. All right. And now so that it catches evenly. catches evenly. catches evenly. Oh, he must dissolve this stone.   Oh, he must dissolve this stone.   Oh, he must dissolve this stone.   Oh, and we just did this at the cabin. and we just did this at the cabin. and we just did this at the cabin. And where is the rest to clean up? And where is the rest to clean up? And where is the rest to clean up? Well, it will go down a bit. Ouch, she should be wearing gloves, Ouch, she should be wearing gloves, Ouch, she should be wearing gloves, but I'm holding it with my but I'm holding it with my but I'm holding it with my fingernails. fingernails. fingernails. Listen, dears, if you want to Listen, dears, if you want to Listen, dears, if you want to give us some advice, and you have this equipment, give us some advice, and you have this equipment, give us some advice, and you have this equipment, some advice, or, I don't know, write whether we're some advice, or, I don't know, write whether we're some advice, or, I don't know, write whether we're doing something wrong or something too well, doing something wrong or something too well, doing something wrong or something too well, then write.  We won't always then write.  We won't always then write.  We won't always learn something because it's the first time we have this learn something because it's the first time we have this learn something because it's the first time we have this equipment. equipment. equipment. What kind of person would you be? I'm taking it What kind of person would you be? I'm taking it now I have to go in and warm up someone .   Do .   Do .   Do you press while it's warming up or you press while it's warming up or you press while it's warming up or not? not? not? Well, the water flowed. Well, the water flowed. Well, the water flowed. Okay.  Are you pressing Okay.  Are you pressing Okay.  Are you pressing now?  Yes. now?  Yes. now?  Yes. I only pressed it once.  I had to bandage my mother I only pressed it once.  I had to bandage my mother I only pressed it once.  I had to bandage my mother because she had because she had because she had cut herself. cut herself. cut herself. But I don't know if I should shorten But I don't know if I should shorten But I don't know if I should shorten it. it. it. I think so, because it will be inconvenient for you I think so, because it will be inconvenient for you I think so, because it will be inconvenient for you to give you the shorter one?  A no, because without to give you the shorter one?  A no, because without to give you the shorter one?  A no, because without A it is nothing.  The tiles are there. Well, now that's nice. Well, now that's nice. Well, now that's nice. How did mom put this How did mom put this How did mom put this special remedy. special remedy. special remedy. Well, now it's gone. Wow, she's pretty Wow, she's pretty Wow, she's pretty now.  Nicely washed. now.  Nicely washed. now.  Nicely washed. Now still here. Mom and I continue cleaning. Mom and I continue cleaning. Mom and I continue cleaning. Let me put it this way, it takes a while, it can't be Let me put it this way, it takes a while, it can't be Let me put it this way, it takes a while, it can't be done quickly done quickly done quickly because the worst part is the because the worst part is the because the worst part is the cleaning cabin.  The hardest. cleaning cabin.  The hardest. cleaning cabin.  The hardest. No, fugues. No, fugues. No, fugues. Grouts, Grouts, Grouts, a bit of grout, a bit of grout, a bit of grout, yes, but all these nooks and crannies, the cabin yes, but all these nooks and crannies, the cabin yes, but all these nooks and crannies, the cabin is made of glass, so it also comes off to be is made of glass, so it also comes off to be is made of glass, so it also comes off to be descaled and then washed.  Well, we did a bit of work descaled and then washed.  Well, we did a bit of work descaled and then washed.  Well, we did a bit of work , but together we worked together. , but together we worked together. , but together we worked together. Well, let me tell you, we both had something to do. Well, let me tell you, we both had something to do. Well, let me tell you, we both had something to do. Yes, yes, but it relaxes me a lot. Yes, yes, but it relaxes me a lot. Yes, yes, but it relaxes me a lot. In other words, cleaning In other words, cleaning In other words, cleaning awaits you. awaits you. awaits you. I see.  Well, that's no problem.  Listen, no I see.  Well, that's no problem.  Listen, no I see.  Well, that's no problem.  Listen, no problem.  So problem.  So problem.  So no, but together it's more pleasant and more no, but together it's more pleasant and more no, but together it's more pleasant and more fun, of course.  Sometimes mom goes to fun, of course.  Sometimes mom goes to fun, of course.  Sometimes mom goes to rest, sometimes I go to rest. rest, sometimes I go to rest. rest, sometimes I go to rest. Dear friends, if you liked this casual vlog Dear friends, if you liked this casual vlog Dear friends, if you liked this casual vlog , please like, , please like, , please like, comment comment comment and subscribe to stay up to and subscribe to stay up to and subscribe to stay up to date with all the videos [laughter]. date with all the videos [laughter]. date with all the videos [laughter]. Remember this.  Well, kisses, Remember this.  Well, kisses, Remember this.  Well, kisses, take care.  bye