>> Hello everybody. This is Gina. Today, >> Hello everybody. This is Gina. Today, >> Hello everybody. This is Gina. Today, I'm going to show you how to make a very I'm going to show you how to make a very I'm going to show you how to make a very simple, very quick moving project. We're simple, very quick moving project. We're simple, very quick moving project. We're going to make a bracelet with the newest going to make a bracelet with the newest going to make a bracelet with the newest treasure bags, the Desert Dreams treasure bags, the Desert Dreams treasure bags, the Desert Dreams collection. collection. collection. And I'm going to show you an example And I'm going to show you an example And I'm going to show you an example from each bag here. I am going to create from each bag here. I am going to create from each bag here. I am going to create this one during the tutorial. this one during the tutorial. this one during the tutorial. Let's Let's Let's And I'm using a little magnetic And I'm using a little magnetic And I'm using a little magnetic fold-over clasp with this, but you can fold-over clasp with this, but you can fold-over clasp with this, but you can use whatever clasping you want. use whatever clasping you want. use whatever clasping you want. At well, come here. And At well, come here. And At well, come here. And slide that through there. slide that through there. slide that through there. That's what that one looks like. And That's what that one looks like. And That's what that one looks like. And then we've got the Starlit Nights bag. then we've got the Starlit Nights bag. then we've got the Starlit Nights bag. And And And these colors just worked out really these colors just worked out really these colors just worked out really great with the large porcelain bead in great with the large porcelain bead in great with the large porcelain bead in the bag. the bag. the bag. >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> Looks really good. So, that's what these >> Looks really good. So, that's what these >> Looks really good. So, that's what these look like. look like. look like. Really simple, really fast, and just Really simple, really fast, and just Really simple, really fast, and just something you could wear every day. It's something you could wear every day. It's something you could wear every day. It's just casual enough or dressy enough just casual enough or dressy enough just casual enough or dressy enough regard regard regard depending upon how you want to depending upon how you want to depending upon how you want to dress up your wardrobe with it. dress up your wardrobe with it. dress up your wardrobe with it. Anyway, I'm going to stop rambling Anyway, I'm going to stop rambling Anyway, I'm going to stop rambling because I don't even know what I'm because I don't even know what I'm because I don't even know what I'm talking about, and let's look at the talking about, and let's look at the talking about, and let's look at the material list. Okay? material list. Okay? material list. Okay? Let's do it. Okay, for this project Let's do it. Okay, for this project Let's do it. Okay, for this project today, we're going to make a really today, we're going to make a really today, we're going to make a really cute, very simple bracelet with the cute, very simple bracelet with the cute, very simple bracelet with the newest treasure bags, the Desert Dreams newest treasure bags, the Desert Dreams newest treasure bags, the Desert Dreams collection. So, with the Starlit Nights, collection. So, with the Starlit Nights, collection. So, with the Starlit Nights, I have made my original design. On this I have made my original design. On this I have made my original design. On this tutorial today, I will be using the Sun tutorial today, I will be using the Sun tutorial today, I will be using the Sun Swept Sands. They're exactly the same Swept Sands. They're exactly the same Swept Sands. They're exactly the same components, same numbers, everything. components, same numbers, everything. components, same numbers, everything. You will just be using the color You will just be using the color You will just be using the color selection that you have. selection that you have. selection that you have. So, what we're going to be using is the So, what we're going to be using is the So, what we're going to be using is the large large large porcelain bead that you got in your bag. porcelain bead that you got in your bag. porcelain bead that you got in your bag. You either got this chocolaty glazed one You either got this chocolaty glazed one You either got this chocolaty glazed one or you got this gray one. or you got this gray one. or you got this gray one. And then we're going to be using six of And then we're going to be using six of And then we're going to be using six of our gemstone beads. This is a 6-mm round our gemstone beads. This is a 6-mm round our gemstone beads. This is a 6-mm round tiger's eye. These are 6-mm round tiger's eye. These are 6-mm round tiger's eye. These are 6-mm round howlite. howlite. howlite. So, you'll use whichever one you want or So, you'll use whichever one you want or So, you'll use whichever one you want or you can use any 6-mm bead that you feel you can use any 6-mm bead that you feel you can use any 6-mm bead that you feel like you would like to do. Then we're like you would like to do. Then we're like you would like to do. Then we're going to be using going to be using going to be using about about about six of these little six of these little six of these little metal beads that came in your bag. metal beads that came in your bag. metal beads that came in your bag. I'm going to add to the bag two bead I'm going to add to the bag two bead I'm going to add to the bag two bead caps. I do have some of these on my caps. I do have some of these on my caps. I do have some of these on my website if you want some. Otherwise, website if you want some. Otherwise, website if you want some. Otherwise, just use something that works well. just use something that works well. just use something that works well. And then we are going to add two And then we are going to add two And then we are going to add two crimp tubes. These are size two crimp tubes. These are size two crimp tubes. These are size two beadalon. beadalon. beadalon. And then I'm going to use some Toho seed And then I'm going to use some Toho seed And then I'm going to use some Toho seed beads and these are in 80 and they are beads and these are in 80 and they are beads and these are in 80 and they are nickel. nickel. nickel. You're going to need some medium You're going to need some medium You're going to need some medium Soft Flex stringing wire or you can use Soft Flex stringing wire or you can use Soft Flex stringing wire or you can use anything comparable. This is what I'm anything comparable. This is what I'm anything comparable. This is what I'm using today and I have cut about 10 and using today and I have cut about 10 and using today and I have cut about 10 and 1/2 in of it. 1/2 in of it. 1/2 in of it. I'm also adding to this I'm also adding to this I'm also adding to this a new clasp that I got online. These are a new clasp that I got online. These are a new clasp that I got online. These are little magnetic clasps. I actually have little magnetic clasps. I actually have little magnetic clasps. I actually have the fold over part the fold over part the fold over part on here wrong. So, it's a fold over on here wrong. So, it's a fold over on here wrong. So, it's a fold over clasp. It's magnetic. It just pops clasp. It's magnetic. It just pops clasp. It's magnetic. It just pops together like that. together like that. together like that. And And And it will it will it will hook around hook around hook around this little textured guy. He's textured this little textured guy. He's textured this little textured guy. He's textured on one side, so you want to make sure on one side, so you want to make sure on one side, so you want to make sure that you actually put the textured side that you actually put the textured side that you actually put the textured side up. up. up. And this is what this looks like. Now, And this is what this looks like. Now, And this is what this looks like. Now, you can use the clasping in your bag or you can use the clasping in your bag or you can use the clasping in your bag or any clasping that you would like. You do any clasping that you would like. You do any clasping that you would like. You do not have to get one of these. It's just not have to get one of these. It's just not have to get one of these. It's just that before my wrist was broken, I that before my wrist was broken, I that before my wrist was broken, I ordered a bunch of different clasps and ordered a bunch of different clasps and ordered a bunch of different clasps and I never had a chance to sit down and see I never had a chance to sit down and see I never had a chance to sit down and see if they worked or play with them or do if they worked or play with them or do if they worked or play with them or do tutorials with them simply because of tutorials with them simply because of tutorials with them simply because of the fact that I couldn't move my the fact that I couldn't move my the fact that I couldn't move my fingers. So, fingers. So, fingers. So, um I'm um I'm um I'm with this bag, I'm kind of messing with with this bag, I'm kind of messing with with this bag, I'm kind of messing with them so that I can get them up, and I them so that I can get them up, and I them so that I can get them up, and I like to try them out first to make sure like to try them out first to make sure like to try them out first to make sure how they work and if they work well. how they work and if they work well. how they work and if they work well. So, that's what I'm doing. So, let's go So, that's what I'm doing. So, let's go So, that's what I'm doing. So, let's go ahead and get started with this project. ahead and get started with this project. ahead and get started with this project. Okay, so we're going to start this Okay, so we're going to start this Okay, so we're going to start this project by attaching the clasp to one project by attaching the clasp to one project by attaching the clasp to one end of our wire. end of our wire. end of our wire. So, and like I said, I cut about 10 and So, and like I said, I cut about 10 and So, and like I said, I cut about 10 and 1/2 in of wire. 1/2 in of wire. 1/2 in of wire. Maybe 11, right around there. Maybe 11, right around there. Maybe 11, right around there. And I'm just going to open up my And I'm just going to open up my And I'm just going to open up my magnetic clasp, take off this end so magnetic clasp, take off this end so magnetic clasp, take off this end so it's not so bulky, and I'm going to it's not so bulky, and I'm going to it's not so bulky, and I'm going to attach this end onto my wire. So, I'm attach this end onto my wire. So, I'm attach this end onto my wire. So, I'm going to pick up a size two crimp tube going to pick up a size two crimp tube going to pick up a size two crimp tube onto my wire, onto my wire, onto my wire, drop it down a little ways, and then I'm drop it down a little ways, and then I'm drop it down a little ways, and then I'm going to pick up my clasp, going to pick up my clasp, going to pick up my clasp, and let me get you a little closer, and let me get you a little closer, and let me get you a little closer, and I'm going to put it through this and I'm going to put it through this and I'm going to put it through this little loop on the end here. little loop on the end here. little loop on the end here. And then I'm just going to pull some And then I'm just going to pull some And then I'm just going to pull some wire through, wire through, wire through, go back through go back through go back through this crimp tube. this crimp tube. this crimp tube. I'm just going to push about I don't I'm just going to push about I don't I'm just going to push about I don't know, not quite a quarter of an inch know, not quite a quarter of an inch know, not quite a quarter of an inch through, through, through, and then I am going to hold onto that and then I am going to hold onto that and then I am going to hold onto that crimp tube and pull the longer strand so crimp tube and pull the longer strand so crimp tube and pull the longer strand so that I retain most of my that I retain most of my that I retain most of my beading wire to bead with, and I don't beading wire to bead with, and I don't beading wire to bead with, and I don't have it have it have it sticking out that I have to cut off. sticking out that I have to cut off. sticking out that I have to cut off. So, then you want to arrange it to where So, then you want to arrange it to where So, then you want to arrange it to where you have a nice little loop around your you have a nice little loop around your you have a nice little loop around your clasp so it will move. Not huge, not clasp so it will move. Not huge, not clasp so it will move. Not huge, not tiny. tiny. tiny. Then arrange your wires inside so that Then arrange your wires inside so that Then arrange your wires inside so that they are not crossed like this. So, they're laying next to like this. So, they're laying next to like this. So, they're laying next to each other, they're parallel inside this each other, they're parallel inside this each other, they're parallel inside this crimp tube. Then, I'm going to grab my crimp tube. Then, I'm going to grab my crimp tube. Then, I'm going to grab my crimping tool, and I'm going to place it crimping tool, and I'm going to place it crimping tool, and I'm going to place it in the second divot closest to the in the second divot closest to the in the second divot closest to the handle, and I'm going to squeeze. handle, and I'm going to squeeze. handle, and I'm going to squeeze. And now, I have And now, I have And now, I have a little division in the middle of the a little division in the middle of the a little division in the middle of the crimp tube, tubes [snorts] on either crimp tube, tubes [snorts] on either crimp tube, tubes [snorts] on either side, side, side, and then I'm going to place those in and then I'm going to place those in and then I'm going to place those in sideways so the little tubes are sideways so the little tubes are sideways so the little tubes are touching the crimp tube in the first touching the crimp tube in the first touching the crimp tube in the first divot closest to the tip of the tool, divot closest to the tip of the tool, divot closest to the tip of the tool, and squeeze again. and squeeze again. and squeeze again. That will draw those two tubes together That will draw those two tubes together That will draw those two tubes together tightly, and you'll get a nice secure tightly, and you'll get a nice secure tightly, and you'll get a nice secure crimp. crimp. crimp. Now, we have one end of our wire Now, we have one end of our wire Now, we have one end of our wire prepared. I'm going to grab my flush prepared. I'm going to grab my flush prepared. I'm going to grab my flush cutters, cutters, cutters, and I'm going to just wrap the longer and I'm going to just wrap the longer and I'm going to just wrap the longer piece of beading wire over my finger, piece of beading wire over my finger, piece of beading wire over my finger, and that will make this one pop up, and and that will make this one pop up, and and that will make this one pop up, and I'm just going to cut it as close to I'm just going to cut it as close to I'm just going to cut it as close to that crimp tube as I can, maybe leaving that crimp tube as I can, maybe leaving that crimp tube as I can, maybe leaving just a little bit sticking out. just a little bit sticking out. just a little bit sticking out. Then, I'm going to grab an 8/0 seed Then, I'm going to grab an 8/0 seed Then, I'm going to grab an 8/0 seed bead, and Toho's will pop right over bead, and Toho's will pop right over bead, and Toho's will pop right over that end, so you won't have anything that end, so you won't have anything that end, so you won't have anything sharp or pokey sticking out. So, just sharp or pokey sticking out. So, just sharp or pokey sticking out. So, just bring that all the way down. bring that all the way down. bring that all the way down. Then, we're going to start our sequence Then, we're going to start our sequence Then, we're going to start our sequence of beading, so I'm going to pick up the of beading, so I'm going to pick up the of beading, so I'm going to pick up the flat little silver square beads, and I flat little silver square beads, and I flat little silver square beads, and I am an 8/0, and then that bead, and then am an 8/0, and then that bead, and then am an 8/0, and then that bead, and then an 8/0, an 8/0, an 8/0, and a gemstone, or anything 6 mm round, that's fine. And or anything 6 mm round, that's fine. And or anything 6 mm round, that's fine. And then, an 8/0, then, an 8/0, then, an 8/0, and then and then and then another of our square beads, and that is another of our square beads, and that is another of our square beads, and that is our pattern. This is going to make about a 7 and 1/2 This is going to make about a 7 and 1/2 This is going to make about a 7 and 1/2 in bracelet with this particular style in bracelet with this particular style in bracelet with this particular style of clasping. Now, you may have to adjust of clasping. Now, you may have to adjust of clasping. Now, you may have to adjust according to your according to your according to your um the size of your clasp, how many um the size of your clasp, how many um the size of your clasp, how many beads you put on here. So, I've got my pattern established So, I've got my pattern established So, I've got my pattern established here. here. here. Another 8/0. Another 8/0. Another 8/0. Another of my square beads, another 8/0. And another gemstone And another gemstone And another gemstone and 8/0. Then, I'm going to grab a little bead Then, I'm going to grab a little bead Then, I'm going to grab a little bead cap because this covers the end of the cap because this covers the end of the cap because this covers the end of the big porcelain bead really nicely. Gives big porcelain bead really nicely. Gives big porcelain bead really nicely. Gives it a better finish. You can use whatever it a better finish. You can use whatever it a better finish. You can use whatever you have on hand that wraps around it you have on hand that wraps around it you have on hand that wraps around it nicely. And um if you have one that nicely. And um if you have one that nicely. And um if you have one that comes over it more, you will not have to comes over it more, you will not have to comes over it more, you will not have to um put some seed beads inside to balance um put some seed beads inside to balance um put some seed beads inside to balance it, which I'm going to show you in a it, which I'm going to show you in a it, which I'm going to show you in a minute. But, minute. But, minute. But, >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> I'm going to use this little four petal >> I'm going to use this little four petal >> I'm going to use this little four petal and drop it down. And then, in order to and drop it down. And then, in order to and drop it down. And then, in order to balance this, balance this, balance this, I'm going to put some 8/0 seed beads I'm going to put some 8/0 seed beads I'm going to put some 8/0 seed beads inside it. Now, this one, the 8/0's inside it. Now, this one, the 8/0's inside it. Now, this one, the 8/0's lodged right on the end, which is lodged right on the end, which is lodged right on the end, which is perfect. I could just when I I had perfect. I could just when I I had perfect. I could just when I I had strung it on here just to mess with it, strung it on here just to mess with it, strung it on here just to mess with it, they stuck in there and it was perfect. they stuck in there and it was perfect. they stuck in there and it was perfect. I didn't have to fill this I didn't have to fill this I didn't have to fill this bead up with any other beads because it bead up with any other beads because it bead up with any other beads because it lodged in there perfect. However, these lodged in there perfect. However, these lodged in there perfect. However, these beads are handmade and the ends are beads are handmade and the ends are beads are handmade and the ends are different on every one. Some of them different on every one. Some of them different on every one. Some of them aren't quite as round. It won't aren't quite as round. It won't aren't quite as round. It won't accommodate the 8/0's. Some of them are accommodate the 8/0's. Some of them are accommodate the 8/0's. Some of them are bigger and the 8/0's fall in. So, what bigger and the 8/0's fall in. So, what bigger and the 8/0's fall in. So, what I'm going to do with this one I'm going to do with this one I'm going to do with this one is I'm going to put an 8/0 on here is I'm going to put an 8/0 on here is I'm going to put an 8/0 on here and I'm going to see what happens. and I'm going to see what happens. and I'm going to see what happens. If this slides over the top of it, if it If this slides over the top of it, if it If this slides over the top of it, if it doesn't, you can use an auger like this doesn't, you can use an auger like this doesn't, you can use an auger like this and you can just gently and you can just gently and you can just gently auger the ends a little bit, too, auger the ends a little bit, too, auger the ends a little bit, too, to make it slide over the 8/0. to make it slide over the 8/0. to make it slide over the 8/0. If it won't at all, then use 11/0 seed If it won't at all, then use 11/0 seed If it won't at all, then use 11/0 seed beads for this and fill it up beads for this and fill it up beads for this and fill it up completely, the bead up. But, I'm just completely, the bead up. But, I'm just completely, the bead up. But, I'm just going to see if I can get this to stick going to see if I can get this to stick going to see if I can get this to stick on the end. And the problem with this on the end. And the problem with this on the end. And the problem with this one is it's a big hole and the 8/0's are one is it's a big hole and the 8/0's are one is it's a big hole and the 8/0's are falling in. So, I'm going to pick up falling in. So, I'm going to pick up falling in. So, I'm going to pick up more 8/0's instead of just one to lodge more 8/0's instead of just one to lodge more 8/0's instead of just one to lodge it there. I'm going to pick up it there. I'm going to pick up it there. I'm going to pick up Now, I've got three. So, there's four, Now, I've got three. So, there's four, Now, I've got three. So, there's four, five, six, seven, eight. Nine. five, six, seven, eight. Nine. five, six, seven, eight. Nine. 10. 10. 10. And both sides don't always And both sides don't always And both sides don't always work the same, either. So, I'm going to work the same, either. So, I'm going to work the same, either. So, I'm going to see if these will slide in here. see if these will slide in here. see if these will slide in here. And you see, this side, they won't slide And you see, this side, they won't slide And you see, this side, they won't slide down. So, what I can do, let's see if down. So, what I can do, let's see if down. So, what I can do, let's see if it's going to slide in there. So, what I can do is I can just lodge So, what I can do is I can just lodge So, what I can do is I can just lodge this side. And just keep that bead right there. Or, And just keep that bead right there. Or, And just keep that bead right there. Or, I can take my auger I can take my auger I can take my auger take this off and I'm going to just make take this off and I'm going to just make take this off and I'm going to just make it a little bit bigger so that it will it a little bit bigger so that it will it a little bit bigger so that it will lodge right in the edge of this. lodge right in the edge of this. lodge right in the edge of this. Like this one did. You just have to mess with this part, You just have to mess with this part, You just have to mess with this part, like I said, because these beads and you like I said, because these beads and you like I said, because these beads and you don't have to put anything at all. But, don't have to put anything at all. But, don't have to put anything at all. But, it does hold the bead cap in the right it does hold the bead cap in the right it does hold the bead cap in the right place if you do this. And it does hold place if you do this. And it does hold place if you do this. And it does hold your bead from sliding all over the your bead from sliding all over the your bead from sliding all over the place because it's got a big hole. And place because it's got a big hole. And place because it's got a big hole. And also, some of your 8/0's are bigger than also, some of your 8/0's are bigger than also, some of your 8/0's are bigger than others. So, if you can find one that others. So, if you can find one that others. So, if you can find one that just lodges right in there, just lodges right in there, just lodges right in there, then that's perfect. And then, you just then that's perfect. And then, you just then that's perfect. And then, you just put another bead cap on. Let's see how that looks. And that looks Let's see how that looks. And that looks Let's see how that looks. And that looks just fine. See? And this one that I made, they lodged And this one that I made, they lodged And this one that I made, they lodged right in the edge and I only had to put right in the edge and I only had to put right in the edge and I only had to put one on one on one on either side. either side. either side. Then Then Then I am going to pick up another 80 seed I am going to pick up another 80 seed I am going to pick up another 80 seed bead. And I will repeat my pattern on this And I will repeat my pattern on this And I will repeat my pattern on this side. So, I'll pick up a gemstone. And then an 80. One of my little square beads. 80. 80. 80. Gemstone. Gemstone. Gemstone. 80. Oh, come here, you little Oh, come here, you little Oh, come here, you little dude. There we go. dude. There we go. dude. There we go. And then another of my square beads. And And And an 80 gemstone 80. Square bead. And then an 80. Then I am going to grab a crimp tube Then I am going to grab a crimp tube Then I am going to grab a crimp tube and slide it down. and slide it down. and slide it down. Just like that. Just like that. Just like that. Then I need to find the other end of my Then I need to find the other end of my Then I need to find the other end of my clasping. I want this clasping. I want this clasping. I want this since I have this side of the clasping since I have this side of the clasping since I have this side of the clasping down towards my bead mat, I'm going to down towards my bead mat, I'm going to down towards my bead mat, I'm going to make sure that the textured side of this make sure that the textured side of this make sure that the textured side of this is down towards my bead mat, also. is down towards my bead mat, also. is down towards my bead mat, also. So, that they will the outsides of them So, that they will the outsides of them So, that they will the outsides of them will will will connect and look correct on your wrist. connect and look correct on your wrist. connect and look correct on your wrist. Then, we're going to slide Then, we're going to slide Then, we're going to slide >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> [clears throat] >> our round part of our clasp down. We're going to go into the crimp tube. And into I'm going to go ahead and go And into I'm going to go ahead and go And into I'm going to go ahead and go through the 80 and the through the 80 and the through the 80 and the flat bead here. If I can get through. flat bead here. If I can get through. flat bead here. If I can get through. Just like that. Oops, I got another 80. Just like that. Oops, I got another 80. Just like that. Oops, I got another 80. I don't want you. You get off of there. I don't want you. You get off of there. I don't want you. You get off of there. Just like that. Just like that. Just like that. So, you can see So, you can see So, you can see what I've got. what I've got. what I've got. Just like this. Just like this. Just like this. Now, I have my clasp down here. I'm Now, I have my clasp down here. I'm Now, I have my clasp down here. I'm going to hold on to I'm going to push going to hold on to I'm going to push going to hold on to I'm going to push crimp tube down a little bit and hold on crimp tube down a little bit and hold on crimp tube down a little bit and hold on to it. Just keep scooting it all down. to it. Just keep scooting it all down. to it. Just keep scooting it all down. Then, once they're the beads are Then, once they're the beads are Then, once they're the beads are touching, I'm going to hold on to the touching, I'm going to hold on to the touching, I'm going to hold on to the stable side of my loop because one side stable side of my loop because one side stable side of my loop because one side will move and one side is stable. So, will move and one side is stable. So, will move and one side is stable. So, then I'm going to pull this down then I'm going to pull this down then I'm going to pull this down until I can't really hold on to that until I can't really hold on to that until I can't really hold on to that loop anymore. Then, I'll hold on to loop anymore. Then, I'll hold on to loop anymore. Then, I'll hold on to several of the beads. Pull this down as several of the beads. Pull this down as several of the beads. Pull this down as tight as I can. tight as I can. tight as I can. Arrange this so that it's in the proper Arrange this so that it's in the proper Arrange this so that it's in the proper position, and I am not leaving any um position, and I am not leaving any um position, and I am not leaving any um slack in that loop. I'm doing it as slack in that loop. I'm doing it as slack in that loop. I'm doing it as tight as I can. tight as I can. tight as I can. And then, what I will do, and you can And then, what I will do, and you can And then, what I will do, and you can only do this if if your beads are tight only do this if if your beads are tight only do this if if your beads are tight on your bead stringing wire. So, using on your bead stringing wire. So, using on your bead stringing wire. So, using medium holds this for you. If you're medium holds this for you. If you're medium holds this for you. If you're using a smaller using a smaller using a smaller um beading wire, and it doesn't hold um beading wire, and it doesn't hold um beading wire, and it doesn't hold everything really tight, you can't do everything really tight, you can't do everything really tight, you can't do this method. You're just going to have this method. You're just going to have this method. You're just going to have to cut it off after you crimp. But, I'm to cut it off after you crimp. But, I'm to cut it off after you crimp. But, I'm going to cut this before I crimp because going to cut this before I crimp because going to cut this before I crimp because it has certain benefits in doing so. So, it has certain benefits in doing so. So, it has certain benefits in doing so. So, I can go right underneath I can go right underneath I can go right underneath this bead here. this bead here. this bead here. And the benefit now is, since this is And the benefit now is, since this is And the benefit now is, since this is squished up really tight, my loop squished up really tight, my loop squished up really tight, my loop doesn't have any slack. I can now take doesn't have any slack. I can now take doesn't have any slack. I can now take that little that little that little crimp tube and push it down crimp tube and push it down crimp tube and push it down and give myself some room for a loop. and give myself some room for a loop. and give myself some room for a loop. What this does is it draws that little What this does is it draws that little What this does is it draws that little end that you put through your bead up end that you put through your bead up end that you put through your bead up into the bead, positions it there, holds into the bead, positions it there, holds into the bead, positions it there, holds it there, and then you won't have any it there, and then you won't have any it there, and then you won't have any space between your beads because of that space between your beads because of that space between your beads because of that little wire, and you won't have a pokey. little wire, and you won't have a pokey. little wire, and you won't have a pokey. It hides it perfectly. Now, I'm going to It hides it perfectly. Now, I'm going to It hides it perfectly. Now, I'm going to make sure this moves, and it does. Hold make sure this moves, and it does. Hold make sure this moves, and it does. Hold on to it carefully because it is not on to it carefully because it is not on to it carefully because it is not secure because we did not crimp yet. secure because we did not crimp yet. secure because we did not crimp yet. Then, we're going to place this into our Then, we're going to place this into our Then, we're going to place this into our crimping tool in the second divot crimping tool in the second divot crimping tool in the second divot closest to the handle, and we're going closest to the handle, and we're going closest to the handle, and we're going to squeeze. to squeeze. to squeeze. And now I have the first half of my And now I have the first half of my And now I have the first half of my crimp just like this. Now, I'm going to crimp just like this. Now, I'm going to crimp just like this. Now, I'm going to place that inside ways just like I place that inside ways just like I place that inside ways just like I showed you before, and squeeze again. showed you before, and squeeze again. showed you before, and squeeze again. Make sure you do not squeeze that bead Make sure you do not squeeze that bead Make sure you do not squeeze that bead here cuz it's a glass bead, and you're here cuz it's a glass bead, and you're here cuz it's a glass bead, and you're going to shatter it. So, going to shatter it. So, going to shatter it. So, then then then we can put this together. Open this up. And we have a cute little bracelet. And we have a cute little bracelet. And we have a cute little bracelet. Now, I'm going to go ahead and slide Now, I'm going to go ahead and slide Now, I'm going to go ahead and slide this on my wrist and show it to you. I'm this on my wrist and show it to you. I'm this on my wrist and show it to you. I'm going to show you both of these here. going to show you both of these here. going to show you both of these here. Um Um Um this one turned out really cute, too. I this one turned out really cute, too. I this one turned out really cute, too. I really like the how light and the gray really like the how light and the gray really like the how light and the gray bead that looks really nice together. bead that looks really nice together. bead that looks really nice together. This one looks really nice together. This one looks really nice together. This one looks really nice together. They turned out really nice. So, um They turned out really nice. So, um They turned out really nice. So, um let's measure it so that you can know let's measure it so that you can know let's measure it so that you can know exactly how big this is. And again, this exactly how big this is. And again, this exactly how big this is. And again, this is contingent upon your clasping, too. is contingent upon your clasping, too. is contingent upon your clasping, too. So, I'm going to take this off. This So, I'm going to take this off. This So, I'm going to take this off. This takes up a pretty good space, this takes up a pretty good space, this takes up a pretty good space, this clasping. So, you may have to do more if clasping. So, you may have to do more if clasping. So, you may have to do more if you have a different style of clasp. you have a different style of clasp. you have a different style of clasp. So, I'm going to measure it from where So, I'm going to measure it from where So, I'm going to measure it from where the round the round the round portion slides in portion slides in portion slides in to the magnetic portion, and then to the magnetic portion, and then to the magnetic portion, and then about halfway through the loop here about halfway through the loop here about halfway through the loop here because that's how it will position because that's how it will position because that's how it will position itself. So, it's about a 7 itself. So, it's about a 7 itself. So, it's about a 7 in bracelet. So, that lets you know how in bracelet. So, that lets you know how in bracelet. So, that lets you know how big it is. Also, you have to realize big it is. Also, you have to realize big it is. Also, you have to realize that you're going to need about a that you're going to need about a that you're going to need about a quarter of an inch more than you usually quarter of an inch more than you usually quarter of an inch more than you usually do. So, I can wear a 7-in but I like do. So, I can wear a 7-in but I like do. So, I can wear a 7-in but I like mine to have a little bit of movement mine to have a little bit of movement mine to have a little bit of movement and a 7-1/2 and a 7-1/2 and a 7-1/2 um allows for the room for this little um allows for the room for this little um allows for the room for this little bead cuz it's bead cuz it's bead cuz it's it's got um it's got um it's got um some width to it. some width to it. some width to it. And And And with this one, I could have probably put with this one, I could have probably put with this one, I could have probably put a few more beads inside there. And see a few more beads inside there. And see a few more beads inside there. And see how what I mean about the how what I mean about the how what I mean about the the little bead caps moving around. On the little bead caps moving around. On the little bead caps moving around. On this one, it did not because I was able this one, it did not because I was able this one, it did not because I was able to get them a little closer. So, you to get them a little closer. So, you to get them a little closer. So, you just kind of have to finagle it. It just kind of have to finagle it. It just kind of have to finagle it. It looks fine regardless. I will put it on looks fine regardless. I will put it on looks fine regardless. I will put it on and show you that it looks good. And and show you that it looks good. And and show you that it looks good. And we'll be back in a moment. Okay, so I we'll be back in a moment. Okay, so I we'll be back in a moment. Okay, so I have put them both on. I was thinking have put them both on. I was thinking have put them both on. I was thinking off camera, too. You could conceivably off camera, too. You could conceivably off camera, too. You could conceivably glue a bead cap on either side of the glue a bead cap on either side of the glue a bead cap on either side of the bead, too. But there again, if you just bead, too. But there again, if you just bead, too. But there again, if you just fill it up with a bunch of fill it up with a bunch of fill it up with a bunch of 8/0s or 11/0s, you don't even have to 8/0s or 11/0s, you don't even have to 8/0s or 11/0s, you don't even have to put a bead cap on it. Then just play put a bead cap on it. Then just play put a bead cap on it. Then just play with it, get creative with it, and with it, get creative with it, and with it, get creative with it, and figure out what look you want to figure out what look you want to figure out what look you want to achieve. It looks fine the way it is. achieve. It looks fine the way it is. achieve. It looks fine the way it is. But um if that really bothers you that But um if that really bothers you that But um if that really bothers you that the bead cap isn't perfect, then you can the bead cap isn't perfect, then you can the bead cap isn't perfect, then you can glue it on first. I just make such a glue it on first. I just make such a glue it on first. I just make such a mess with glue. mess with glue. mess with glue. So, if you were to do that, I would make So, if you were to do that, I would make So, if you were to do that, I would make sure that I put something through sure that I put something through sure that I put something through the bead cap and the bead so that you the bead cap and the bead so that you the bead cap and the bead so that you don't fill it up with glue. don't fill it up with glue. don't fill it up with glue. And then glue it on there just on the And then glue it on there just on the And then glue it on there just on the edges and let it set up and then you can edges and let it set up and then you can edges and let it set up and then you can string it right on. Um that would work string it right on. Um that would work string it right on. Um that would work fine, too. But I think this is just fine fine, too. But I think this is just fine fine, too. But I think this is just fine and I don't have a problem with the way and I don't have a problem with the way and I don't have a problem with the way any of it looks and I will wear this any of it looks and I will wear this any of it looks and I will wear this just just just perfectly fine. But these are what these perfectly fine. But these are what these perfectly fine. But these are what these look like and this is what the clasping look like and this is what the clasping look like and this is what the clasping looks like. Turned out really cute, looks like. Turned out really cute, looks like. Turned out really cute, really simple, really fast. And um really simple, really fast. And um really simple, really fast. And um I'll put some links for these if you I'll put some links for these if you I'll put some links for these if you want them. If not, like I said, just use want them. If not, like I said, just use want them. If not, like I said, just use what you got. And let's take this off. And take a peek at them again. And there you have it. there you have it. there you have it. I hope you enjoyed this tutorial and I hope you enjoyed this tutorial and I hope you enjoyed this tutorial and we'll see you in the next one. we'll see you in the next one. we'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. >> [music]