It is officially the best time of the
year. It is time to go back to school
shopping. If you don't know I'm
currently a rising freshman in college.
Before we like proceed, we got to talk
about the fact that I'm going to be in
college. I still feel like I'm going to
my freshman year of high school. But
while I am going into college, I still
am going to need a bunch of school
supplies. You all know that back to
school shopping is literally the best
part of going to school and pretty much
the only fun part of going back to
school. I'm going to go ahead and hit
Target and hit up my local Target and
get a bunch of school supplies. But
there is a summer thunderstorm rolling
through right now, so I tried to wait a
little bit for it to pass and you can
kind of still tell that my room is kind
of darker than normal because there is a
thunderstorm literally over top of us
right now. It's still thundering, but
it's kind of starting to go away I
think, which is good. But I think I'm
going to grab my stuff and we're going
to go head to Target. I have a little
list on my phone of things I need, but
also, you know, when I go to Target, I
always will stray off the list. Let's go
head to Target and grab some school
supplies.
Okay guys, I just got here to Target. I
kid you not, the drive here, oh my gosh,
I could not see. I was going like 20
under the speed limit at one point.
That's how freaking rainy it is. I
really couldn't be doing anything
outside right now, so I might as well go
shopping at Target and buy school
supplies. I'm going to go ahead and and
pray this is very successful. I'm also
hoping that by me going so early in back
to school shopping that they have all
the good supplies and none of it's out
of stock because I feel like when I
wait, everything goes out of stock.
Okay, the rain's finally let up. I think
it's my time to brave it and go in.
Okay, I just got a cart cuz I feel like
that'll make my life a lot more
efficient. Can you push me up? It's kind
of fire. Okay, I'm in the pens and
markers section right now. Looks kind of
overwhelming. There's so many options. I
use some of these. These colors are
really cute. Wait, here's the huge bag.
These are my better dies. I don't know
how much I'm taking notes, but I feel
like if I'm going to, I'm going to use
these. These are high key the best. I
live, breathe, die to use. These are
like the friction ones. Get me get these
too. Is there anything else I need
pen-wise? Maybe colored pens to write
with? Genuinely, what do I pick? I had
these before in the past and I really
liked these and they're erasable, so do
I need pencils this year? These are the
best. I feel like I'm also going to need
scissors cuz I feel like I always need
scissors and I never have them, so I
want to see if they have red scissors. I
want a cute color. Do they have pink?
Target's way too busy for me. Like can't
I keep seeing people I knew in high
school? You can't do this. Get me out.
You'll be eating breakfast and you'll go
Get me out of here.
Look at these cups. I want to have a
coffee station in my dorm. These cups
would be perfect. Look at the
watermelons, ice cream. Wait, I kind of
love the grapes. Let's go to the actual
like back to school section. So many
more fun scissors. They have blue
sparkly. It's calling my name. Okay,
genuine question. When was the last time
anyone ever use water colors for school?
I can't think of a time I ever needed
them. Okay, I did just order a case for
my iPad, but it would be perfect if I
didn't already. Look at all the baby
backpacks. They're so cute. Okay, wait,
hear me out. This notebook is adorable.
I want this. Bro, these are actually
fire. I love Target's notebooks. Wait,
what if I was in Hawaii? Sorry, you know
why. Okay, I feel like I'm going to need
folders of some sort. Again, wait,
should I get it? I feel like I should.
Okay, I just spoke to my mom and low-key
I'm going to do a binder and stuff.
That's key. Oh my gosh, this one too.
Why are the binders cute? This is the
teal which is really pretty. Okay, this
one's really cute. Which one? Okay, this
one. Okay, now we're in the planners.
What about these? It's kind of cute. I
feel like I'm just really picky about my
planners. Oh my gosh, I just found
these. These are laptop sleeves. These
are perfect. Which one? Wait, I just
found this. I have no idea where this
photo came from, but it's perfect. All
right guys, I'm back from Target and now
it's time for me to give you guys a haul
of everything that I got. And it's safe
to say we got quite a bit of stuff. I've
actually been a hot minute since I
filmed the first portion of this. I
filmed the first portion of this back in
July. It's currently August now. So,
basically I had to wait for my pencil
pouch and my planner to come in because
I ordered those two things separately. I
wanted to include them in this haul
still because if we're being honest and
we're being real with each other, my
planner and my pencil pouch are like the
two favorite things that I always order
every year because I feel like those are
the things that [music] give my school
supplies personality. Nevertheless,
let's go through first what I got from
Target and then I'll show you guys my
planner and my pencil pouch afterwards.
Starting off first with this bag from
Target. I decided I was going to go for
like a blue and white theme this year.
Last year I did kind of like a pinkish
theme. I honestly can't remember the
last time I didn't pick pink for my
school supplies theme. So, we're being
different this year. What can I say?
First up, I just bought this little
binder. I have a little teal binder. I
actually have no idea what school
supplies I need for college because I
never been in college before and they
don't give you like a list. I got this
little teal binder. I love this mint
color. I think I've had this binder
before in the same color. I also don't
know if I need folders, so I just got
one little white folder to go with it.
Just one of those plain ones. I like the
plastic folders though because I feel
like whenever I get the paper folders,
they rip. I got a little just like pack
of college lined paper. I can finally
say that I'm using college ruled paper
and I'm in college. Isn't that crazy? I
feel like I've used paper forever and
I've never been in college before, so
hey. Got some paper towels. I'll
probably just end up putting this in my
binder. I also got this notebook. I've
had this exact pattern notebook before,
but I thought it always made a lot more
sense for me this year because obviously
I'm going for a blue and white theme. I
just love it. These like decomposition
notebooks are my favorite ever. They
have the cutest designs. Like, are we
kidding? The hydrangeas?
Hear me out. This together, adorable. My
backpack theme, I already nailed one,
okay? And lastly in this bag, I just got
a bunch of Sharpies. And I don't even
know that I'll need Sharpies for my
school supplies specifically. I honestly
think I might just need them to do
things in my dorm, like if I need to
block out my address for like a package
or like if I want to write something or
add something and I don't know, like I
feel like I always find myself needing
Sharpies, so I got a pack. This is what
actually inspired me to do the whole
blue theme is I found this laptop cover.
I've been looking for a laptop case for
so long because if you don't follow
along, I've had so many laptop troubles
recently. I had one brand new laptop
that I got 2 weeks after [music] I got
it, it broke randomly. So now I'm trying
to be extra precautious, and I am indeed
going to keep my laptop in a laptop case
at all times because I'm not trying to
have my laptop get damaged, but I got
this one. It's from Sugar Paper
Essentials, which everything in that
section was so adorable. I loved it. Had
a super fun little ribbon tie on it, and
then on the inside it's the same stripe
pattern again. The stripes, are we
kidding? I love blue and white stripes.
I think blue and white stripes are
genuinely one of the cutest patterns
ever, so I'm very excited about this.
This is the fun bag, okay? This is the
bag full of all of the fun supplies. I
am a sucker for pens and markers. I love
it. Starting off very strong, this is
what actually probably what I'm most
excited about. I haven't had a new pack
of Mildliners since probably my
sophomore year of high school, which
isn't crazy. It's been like 2 years. But
if you know me, I use these all the time
for taking notes, for my Bible studies.
Literally, I live, breathe, die these
markers. And I finally splurged and got
the huge gigantic pack, and I'm going to
replace all my old ones. The pack that I
got 2 years ago was a pack smaller than
this, and half my markers are either
lost, dried up, or on their last leg.
I'm just going to get rid of all of them
and replace them with new, fresh ones.
These are iconic for a reason. They're
the best, and they have the best colors.
If you've watched any of my back to
school videos before, you'll know that
I've gotten these twice. This is my
third year getting these. These are my
favorite pens ever. I put everyone on
these. These are the best erasable color
pens you'll ever find. These are the
friction ones. They have so many fun
colors, and these are perfect. What I
use these for is in my planner,
actually. I use these for taking notes
as well, but mainly I use in my planner
to color code. I give each class a
color, and when I'm writing things down
in my planner, I use each color for each
class. So, like say I have an assignment
for biology, I'll write it in green. If
I have an assignment for like English,
I'll write it in orange. I'll make sure
that throughout the year I keep writing
down each thing for each class in a
specific color assigned to it, and it
helps me stay so organized. I love a dry
erase board to study, okay? For my
senior year, I took anatomy and
physiology, and I was a whiteboard
demon. Before every single test, I would
study on my whiteboard. I wrote out the
entire study on my whiteboard and like
memorize it. I intend to do that again
this year. My whiteboard will be coming
with me to my dorm, but I saw this pack
of dry erase markers, and these are
pastels. Like, hello, I've never seen
these before. They're so fun. If I'm
being completely honest with you, I
don't really know how much I'm actually
going to use physical note-taking
supplies, because I did just get an iPad
and an Apple Pencil to take notes with
in college. However, I did get some
regular pencils, because I figured I
would still need them at some point in
time. So, I just got a pack of the
classic BIC Sport Roller ones. You
already know, these are the best. I've
said it many times. I love these,
they're magical, and I've used these
probably since I was in elementary
school. Then also, I just again, I don't
really know how much I'm going to need
these. I feel like I always end up
needing glue sticks at some point in
life, regardless of if it's actually for
class. So, I just got a pack of glue
sticks, and I feel like this could be
helpful for me doing random things in my
dorm. I also got a pack of some
scissors, and tell me these are not so
fire. Again, they go with my blue theme.
I got blue sparkly scissors. Like, that
just sounds perfect. I don't know. I
don't know what to tell you. Like, blue
sparkly scissors and my 18-year-old and
a freshman in college. Yes, but do I
want sparkly glittery scissors? Also,
yes. The next up, I also just got a pack
of some pens. As you can kind of see
through this whole list, I already kind
of know what I like and what I don't
like, which is nice, cuz obviously I've
been in school for 13 years. Anyways, I
got some black erasable pens. These are
the best as well. The friction brand for
anything erasable are the best. Don't
know how much physical note-taking I'll
be doing, but I can also just use these
for like my Bible studies, because I've
also ran out of black pens in general,
and I need new Bible study pens, so I'll
definitely end up using these. And
lastly, from Target, I got these. I've
always used these for helpful, because I
have so many cords, like my laptops and
stuff. I just found these and thought
they'd be good. But, these are the
silicone super stretch cord bands. When
you wrap up your cords, you can wrap
these around to keep them in place.
That's the vision. That's the vibe,
okay? I feel like that's going to be so
helpful. I love the colors. They're so
cute and fun. Now, I'm going to show you
my planner and my pencil pouch. Let's
see my pencil pouch because she came in
first. This is adorable. If you know me,
I love a block print bag. In my junior
of high school, I actually got this pink
block print bag that everyone was
obsessed with from Etsy and it was the
cutest thing ever. Kept it and used it
in my senior, too, because I loved it
that much. I literally used it as a
pencil pouch. I actually think it was
supposed to be technically a cosmetic
makeup bag. I used it as a pencil pouch
and it was the best thing, [music]
literally, ever. When I was picking out
my school supplies for this year, I
wanted to find a blue one. But, my
dilemma was the ones from Etsy cuz they
ship from India cuz they're like
literally made in India, they wouldn't
come in time for me to leave for
college. So, I found this one that I
really, really like. This is from the
brand Mark and Graham, which I've never
ordered from before and low-key kind of
expensive. Kind of hurt the bank
account. Like, you don't know how much
that cost. I know I'm going to get a lot
of use out of it probably throughout my
entirety of college, but it's so cute. I
just loved the pattern. It's this little
block print bag. It's like quilted. It
has this little flower pattern on it. It
matches everything perfectly. It also
has this tassel like zipper, which I'm
not sure how I feel about. I honestly
might just take it off and use the
little zipper that's already on there.
That's another reason I like it.
Absolutely gigantic. I can fit all those
pens I bought in here and also plenty of
room. It literally almost matches my
pillow on my bed. Like, I love block
print. It's my favorite thing ever. I
also specifically like this one because
it was a darker color. What I had in the
past was pink and white, so it had like
some white parts and the light parts got
stained really easily. I'm hoping
because this one's blue, it won't get
dirty as fast. So, then lastly, the most
exciting thing about this entire haul is
always my planner. I take planners very
seriously because I am a planner girly.
I love notes. I love lists. I make to-do
lists every single [music] day whether
it's on a sticky note, a piece of paper,
in a planner, or whatever. I am a lover
of to-do lists. I love checking things
off. It keeps me so organized. And the
reason why this haul actually took so
long is because I was waiting for the
planner to arrive. I looked and searched
up and down for a planner that I liked.
I love PPA planners and I found this
one. I actually was able to customize it
to say what I wanted to say. It's a
little light blue planner. It's so
perfect and matches my theme literally
perfectly. But, this little really
pretty light blue planner and has this
really pretty white text on it. It says
academic planner on it. I thought it was
super cute and simple. I actually
customized it to say Noel Kate at the
top right here and then it says
2026-2027. I love the way it's laid out
because it has the dates. This is a
weekly overview, so it has each day and
plenty of room to write like whatever
you need to do, a to-do list, and it has
a little note at the bottom. And then it
has the date, but then you can also fill
in like the semester and week number,
which is nice, so you can kind of keep
track of where you are in the semester.
It's super amazing, and I love these
planners. This is my third PPB planner.
I had one last year and then the year
before that as well. I'm very excited,
and it's so adorable, like it's just so
cute. But that officially concludes
everything that I got for my freshman
year of college. Those are all the
school supplies I got. Stay tuned for
lots more back to school content because
I have even know how many videos I have.
I have so many things. Like I have a
college prepping video. I'm going to
have move-in vlogs. I'm going to have
first [music] day of school get ready
with me, first day of school vlog, so
many things. So if you like my back to
school content, buckle up because this
is the start of my annual back to school
series. I love back to school videos.
They're my favorite videos to film.
Thank you guys so much for watching, and
I'll see you guys in a brand new video
sometime very, very soon. Bye, guys.
