It is officially the best time of the It is officially the best time of the It is officially the best time of the year. It is time to go back to school year. It is time to go back to school year. It is time to go back to school shopping. If you don't know I'm shopping. If you don't know I'm shopping. If you don't know I'm currently a rising freshman in college. currently a rising freshman in college. currently a rising freshman in college. Before we like proceed, we got to talk Before we like proceed, we got to talk Before we like proceed, we got to talk about the fact that I'm going to be in about the fact that I'm going to be in about the fact that I'm going to be in college. I still feel like I'm going to college. I still feel like I'm going to college. I still feel like I'm going to my freshman year of high school. But my freshman year of high school. But my freshman year of high school. But while I am going into college, I still while I am going into college, I still while I am going into college, I still am going to need a bunch of school am going to need a bunch of school am going to need a bunch of school supplies. You all know that back to supplies. You all know that back to supplies. You all know that back to school shopping is literally the best school shopping is literally the best school shopping is literally the best part of going to school and pretty much part of going to school and pretty much part of going to school and pretty much the only fun part of going back to the only fun part of going back to the only fun part of going back to school. I'm going to go ahead and hit school. I'm going to go ahead and hit school. I'm going to go ahead and hit Target and hit up my local Target and Target and hit up my local Target and Target and hit up my local Target and get a bunch of school supplies. But get a bunch of school supplies. But get a bunch of school supplies. But there is a summer thunderstorm rolling there is a summer thunderstorm rolling there is a summer thunderstorm rolling through right now, so I tried to wait a through right now, so I tried to wait a through right now, so I tried to wait a little bit for it to pass and you can little bit for it to pass and you can little bit for it to pass and you can kind of still tell that my room is kind kind of still tell that my room is kind kind of still tell that my room is kind of darker than normal because there is a of darker than normal because there is a of darker than normal because there is a thunderstorm literally over top of us thunderstorm literally over top of us thunderstorm literally over top of us right now. It's still thundering, but right now. It's still thundering, but right now. It's still thundering, but it's kind of starting to go away I it's kind of starting to go away I it's kind of starting to go away I think, which is good. But I think I'm think, which is good. But I think I'm think, which is good. But I think I'm going to grab my stuff and we're going going to grab my stuff and we're going going to grab my stuff and we're going to go head to Target. I have a little to go head to Target. I have a little to go head to Target. I have a little list on my phone of things I need, but list on my phone of things I need, but list on my phone of things I need, but also, you know, when I go to Target, I also, you know, when I go to Target, I also, you know, when I go to Target, I always will stray off the list. Let's go always will stray off the list. Let's go always will stray off the list. Let's go head to Target and grab some school head to Target and grab some school head to Target and grab some school supplies. supplies. supplies. >> [music] >> Okay guys, I just got here to Target. I >> Okay guys, I just got here to Target. I >> Okay guys, I just got here to Target. I kid you not, the drive here, oh my gosh, kid you not, the drive here, oh my gosh, kid you not, the drive here, oh my gosh, I could not see. I was going like 20 I could not see. I was going like 20 I could not see. I was going like 20 under the speed limit at one point. under the speed limit at one point. under the speed limit at one point. That's how freaking rainy it is. I That's how freaking rainy it is. I That's how freaking rainy it is. I really couldn't be doing anything really couldn't be doing anything really couldn't be doing anything outside right now, so I might as well go outside right now, so I might as well go outside right now, so I might as well go shopping at Target and buy school shopping at Target and buy school shopping at Target and buy school supplies. I'm going to go ahead and and supplies. I'm going to go ahead and and supplies. I'm going to go ahead and and pray this is very successful. I'm also pray this is very successful. I'm also pray this is very successful. I'm also hoping that by me going so early in back hoping that by me going so early in back hoping that by me going so early in back to school shopping that they have all to school shopping that they have all to school shopping that they have all the good supplies and none of it's out the good supplies and none of it's out the good supplies and none of it's out of stock because I feel like when I of stock because I feel like when I of stock because I feel like when I wait, everything goes out of stock. wait, everything goes out of stock. wait, everything goes out of stock. Okay, the rain's finally let up. I think Okay, the rain's finally let up. I think Okay, the rain's finally let up. I think it's my time to brave it and go in. it's my time to brave it and go in. it's my time to brave it and go in. Okay, I just got a cart cuz I feel like Okay, I just got a cart cuz I feel like Okay, I just got a cart cuz I feel like that'll make my life a lot more that'll make my life a lot more that'll make my life a lot more efficient. Can you push me up? It's kind efficient. Can you push me up? It's kind efficient. Can you push me up? It's kind of fire. Okay, I'm in the pens and of fire. Okay, I'm in the pens and of fire. Okay, I'm in the pens and markers section right now. Looks kind of markers section right now. Looks kind of markers section right now. Looks kind of overwhelming. There's so many options. I overwhelming. There's so many options. I overwhelming. There's so many options. I use some of these. These colors are use some of these. These colors are use some of these. These colors are really cute. Wait, here's the huge bag. really cute. Wait, here's the huge bag. really cute. Wait, here's the huge bag. These are my better dies. I don't know These are my better dies. I don't know These are my better dies. I don't know how much I'm taking notes, but I feel how much I'm taking notes, but I feel how much I'm taking notes, but I feel like if I'm going to, I'm going to use like if I'm going to, I'm going to use like if I'm going to, I'm going to use these. These are high key the best. I these. These are high key the best. I these. These are high key the best. I live, breathe, die to use. These are live, breathe, die to use. These are live, breathe, die to use. These are like the friction ones. Get me get these like the friction ones. Get me get these like the friction ones. Get me get these too. Is there anything else I need too. Is there anything else I need too. Is there anything else I need pen-wise? Maybe colored pens to write pen-wise? Maybe colored pens to write pen-wise? Maybe colored pens to write with? Genuinely, what do I pick? I had with? Genuinely, what do I pick? I had with? Genuinely, what do I pick? I had these before in the past and I really these before in the past and I really these before in the past and I really liked these and they're erasable, so do liked these and they're erasable, so do liked these and they're erasable, so do I need pencils this year? These are the I need pencils this year? These are the I need pencils this year? These are the best. I feel like I'm also going to need best. I feel like I'm also going to need best. I feel like I'm also going to need scissors cuz I feel like I always need scissors cuz I feel like I always need scissors cuz I feel like I always need scissors and I never have them, so I scissors and I never have them, so I scissors and I never have them, so I want to see if they have red scissors. I want to see if they have red scissors. I want to see if they have red scissors. I want a cute color. Do they have pink? want a cute color. Do they have pink? want a cute color. Do they have pink? Target's way too busy for me. Like can't Target's way too busy for me. Like can't Target's way too busy for me. Like can't I keep seeing people I knew in high I keep seeing people I knew in high I keep seeing people I knew in high school? You can't do this. Get me out. school? You can't do this. Get me out. school? You can't do this. Get me out. >> You'll be eating breakfast and you'll go >> You'll be eating breakfast and you'll go >> You'll be eating breakfast and you'll go >> Get me out of here. >> Get me out of here. >> Get me out of here. Look at these cups. I want to have a Look at these cups. I want to have a Look at these cups. I want to have a coffee station in my dorm. These cups coffee station in my dorm. These cups coffee station in my dorm. These cups would be perfect. Look at the would be perfect. Look at the would be perfect. Look at the watermelons, ice cream. Wait, I kind of watermelons, ice cream. Wait, I kind of watermelons, ice cream. Wait, I kind of love the grapes. Let's go to the actual love the grapes. Let's go to the actual love the grapes. Let's go to the actual like back to school section. So many like back to school section. So many like back to school section. So many more fun scissors. They have blue more fun scissors. They have blue more fun scissors. They have blue sparkly. It's calling my name. Okay, sparkly. It's calling my name. Okay, sparkly. It's calling my name. Okay, genuine question. When was the last time genuine question. When was the last time genuine question. When was the last time anyone ever use water colors for school? anyone ever use water colors for school? anyone ever use water colors for school? I can't think of a time I ever needed I can't think of a time I ever needed I can't think of a time I ever needed them. Okay, I did just order a case for them. Okay, I did just order a case for them. Okay, I did just order a case for my iPad, but it would be perfect if I my iPad, but it would be perfect if I my iPad, but it would be perfect if I didn't already. Look at all the baby didn't already. Look at all the baby didn't already. Look at all the baby backpacks. They're so cute. Okay, wait, backpacks. They're so cute. Okay, wait, backpacks. They're so cute. Okay, wait, hear me out. This notebook is adorable. hear me out. This notebook is adorable. hear me out. This notebook is adorable. I want this. Bro, these are actually I want this. Bro, these are actually I want this. Bro, these are actually fire. I love Target's notebooks. Wait, fire. I love Target's notebooks. Wait, fire. I love Target's notebooks. Wait, what if I was in Hawaii? Sorry, you know what if I was in Hawaii? Sorry, you know what if I was in Hawaii? Sorry, you know why. Okay, I feel like I'm going to need why. Okay, I feel like I'm going to need why. Okay, I feel like I'm going to need folders of some sort. Again, wait, folders of some sort. Again, wait, folders of some sort. Again, wait, should I get it? I feel like I should. should I get it? I feel like I should. should I get it? I feel like I should. Okay, I just spoke to my mom and low-key Okay, I just spoke to my mom and low-key Okay, I just spoke to my mom and low-key I'm going to do a binder and stuff. I'm going to do a binder and stuff. I'm going to do a binder and stuff. That's key. Oh my gosh, this one too. That's key. Oh my gosh, this one too. That's key. Oh my gosh, this one too. Why are the binders cute? This is the Why are the binders cute? This is the Why are the binders cute? This is the teal which is really pretty. Okay, this teal which is really pretty. Okay, this teal which is really pretty. Okay, this one's really cute. Which one? Okay, this one's really cute. Which one? Okay, this one's really cute. Which one? Okay, this one. Okay, now we're in the planners. one. Okay, now we're in the planners. one. Okay, now we're in the planners. What about these? It's kind of cute. I What about these? It's kind of cute. I What about these? It's kind of cute. I feel like I'm just really picky about my feel like I'm just really picky about my feel like I'm just really picky about my planners. Oh my gosh, I just found planners. Oh my gosh, I just found planners. Oh my gosh, I just found these. These are laptop sleeves. These these. These are laptop sleeves. These these. These are laptop sleeves. These are perfect. Which one? Wait, I just are perfect. Which one? Wait, I just are perfect. Which one? Wait, I just found this. I have no idea where this found this. I have no idea where this found this. I have no idea where this photo came from, but it's perfect. All photo came from, but it's perfect. All photo came from, but it's perfect. All right guys, I'm back from Target and now right guys, I'm back from Target and now right guys, I'm back from Target and now it's time for me to give you guys a haul it's time for me to give you guys a haul it's time for me to give you guys a haul of everything that I got. And it's safe of everything that I got. And it's safe of everything that I got. And it's safe to say we got quite a bit of stuff. I've to say we got quite a bit of stuff. I've to say we got quite a bit of stuff. I've actually been a hot minute since I actually been a hot minute since I actually been a hot minute since I filmed the first portion of this. I filmed the first portion of this. I filmed the first portion of this. I filmed the first portion of this back in filmed the first portion of this back in filmed the first portion of this back in July. It's currently August now. So, July. It's currently August now. So, July. It's currently August now. So, basically I had to wait for my pencil basically I had to wait for my pencil basically I had to wait for my pencil pouch and my planner to come in because pouch and my planner to come in because pouch and my planner to come in because I ordered those two things separately. I I ordered those two things separately. I I ordered those two things separately. I wanted to include them in this haul wanted to include them in this haul wanted to include them in this haul still because if we're being honest and still because if we're being honest and still because if we're being honest and we're being real with each other, my we're being real with each other, my we're being real with each other, my planner and my pencil pouch are like the planner and my pencil pouch are like the planner and my pencil pouch are like the two favorite things that I always order two favorite things that I always order two favorite things that I always order every year because I feel like those are every year because I feel like those are every year because I feel like those are the things that [music] give my school the things that [music] give my school the things that [music] give my school supplies personality. Nevertheless, supplies personality. Nevertheless, supplies personality. Nevertheless, let's go through first what I got from let's go through first what I got from let's go through first what I got from Target and then I'll show you guys my Target and then I'll show you guys my Target and then I'll show you guys my planner and my pencil pouch afterwards. planner and my pencil pouch afterwards. planner and my pencil pouch afterwards. Starting off first with this bag from Starting off first with this bag from Starting off first with this bag from Target. I decided I was going to go for Target. I decided I was going to go for Target. I decided I was going to go for like a blue and white theme this year. like a blue and white theme this year. like a blue and white theme this year. Last year I did kind of like a pinkish Last year I did kind of like a pinkish Last year I did kind of like a pinkish theme. I honestly can't remember the theme. I honestly can't remember the theme. I honestly can't remember the last time I didn't pick pink for my last time I didn't pick pink for my last time I didn't pick pink for my school supplies theme. So, we're being school supplies theme. So, we're being school supplies theme. So, we're being different this year. What can I say? different this year. What can I say? different this year. What can I say? First up, I just bought this little First up, I just bought this little First up, I just bought this little binder. I have a little teal binder. I binder. I have a little teal binder. I binder. I have a little teal binder. I actually have no idea what school actually have no idea what school actually have no idea what school supplies I need for college because I supplies I need for college because I supplies I need for college because I never been in college before and they never been in college before and they never been in college before and they don't give you like a list. I got this don't give you like a list. I got this don't give you like a list. I got this little teal binder. I love this mint little teal binder. I love this mint little teal binder. I love this mint color. I think I've had this binder color. I think I've had this binder color. I think I've had this binder before in the same color. I also don't before in the same color. I also don't before in the same color. I also don't know if I need folders, so I just got know if I need folders, so I just got know if I need folders, so I just got one little white folder to go with it. one little white folder to go with it. one little white folder to go with it. Just one of those plain ones. I like the Just one of those plain ones. I like the Just one of those plain ones. I like the plastic folders though because I feel plastic folders though because I feel plastic folders though because I feel like whenever I get the paper folders, like whenever I get the paper folders, like whenever I get the paper folders, they rip. I got a little just like pack they rip. I got a little just like pack they rip. I got a little just like pack of college lined paper. I can finally of college lined paper. I can finally of college lined paper. I can finally say that I'm using college ruled paper say that I'm using college ruled paper say that I'm using college ruled paper and I'm in college. Isn't that crazy? I and I'm in college. Isn't that crazy? I and I'm in college. Isn't that crazy? I feel like I've used paper forever and feel like I've used paper forever and feel like I've used paper forever and I've never been in college before, so I've never been in college before, so I've never been in college before, so hey. Got some paper towels. I'll hey. Got some paper towels. I'll hey. Got some paper towels. I'll probably just end up putting this in my probably just end up putting this in my probably just end up putting this in my binder. I also got this notebook. I've binder. I also got this notebook. I've binder. I also got this notebook. I've had this exact pattern notebook before, had this exact pattern notebook before, had this exact pattern notebook before, but I thought it always made a lot more but I thought it always made a lot more but I thought it always made a lot more sense for me this year because obviously sense for me this year because obviously sense for me this year because obviously I'm going for a blue and white theme. I I'm going for a blue and white theme. I I'm going for a blue and white theme. I just love it. These like decomposition just love it. These like decomposition just love it. These like decomposition notebooks are my favorite ever. They notebooks are my favorite ever. They notebooks are my favorite ever. They have the cutest designs. Like, are we have the cutest designs. Like, are we have the cutest designs. Like, are we kidding? The hydrangeas? kidding? The hydrangeas? kidding? The hydrangeas? >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Hear me out. This together, adorable. My >> Hear me out. This together, adorable. My >> Hear me out. This together, adorable. My backpack theme, I already nailed one, backpack theme, I already nailed one, backpack theme, I already nailed one, okay? And lastly in this bag, I just got okay? And lastly in this bag, I just got okay? And lastly in this bag, I just got a bunch of Sharpies. And I don't even a bunch of Sharpies. And I don't even a bunch of Sharpies. And I don't even know that I'll need Sharpies for my know that I'll need Sharpies for my know that I'll need Sharpies for my school supplies specifically. I honestly school supplies specifically. I honestly school supplies specifically. I honestly think I might just need them to do think I might just need them to do think I might just need them to do things in my dorm, like if I need to things in my dorm, like if I need to things in my dorm, like if I need to block out my address for like a package block out my address for like a package block out my address for like a package or like if I want to write something or or like if I want to write something or or like if I want to write something or add something and I don't know, like I add something and I don't know, like I add something and I don't know, like I feel like I always find myself needing feel like I always find myself needing feel like I always find myself needing Sharpies, so I got a pack. This is what Sharpies, so I got a pack. This is what Sharpies, so I got a pack. This is what actually inspired me to do the whole actually inspired me to do the whole actually inspired me to do the whole blue theme is I found this laptop cover. blue theme is I found this laptop cover. blue theme is I found this laptop cover. I've been looking for a laptop case for I've been looking for a laptop case for I've been looking for a laptop case for so long because if you don't follow so long because if you don't follow so long because if you don't follow along, I've had so many laptop troubles along, I've had so many laptop troubles along, I've had so many laptop troubles recently. I had one brand new laptop recently. I had one brand new laptop recently. I had one brand new laptop that I got 2 weeks after [music] I got that I got 2 weeks after [music] I got that I got 2 weeks after [music] I got it, it broke randomly. So now I'm trying it, it broke randomly. So now I'm trying it, it broke randomly. So now I'm trying to be extra precautious, and I am indeed to be extra precautious, and I am indeed to be extra precautious, and I am indeed going to keep my laptop in a laptop case going to keep my laptop in a laptop case going to keep my laptop in a laptop case at all times because I'm not trying to at all times because I'm not trying to at all times because I'm not trying to have my laptop get damaged, but I got have my laptop get damaged, but I got have my laptop get damaged, but I got this one. It's from Sugar Paper this one. It's from Sugar Paper this one. It's from Sugar Paper Essentials, which everything in that Essentials, which everything in that Essentials, which everything in that section was so adorable. I loved it. Had section was so adorable. I loved it. Had section was so adorable. I loved it. Had a super fun little ribbon tie on it, and a super fun little ribbon tie on it, and a super fun little ribbon tie on it, and then on the inside it's the same stripe then on the inside it's the same stripe then on the inside it's the same stripe pattern again. The stripes, are we pattern again. The stripes, are we pattern again. The stripes, are we kidding? I love blue and white stripes. kidding? I love blue and white stripes. kidding? I love blue and white stripes. I think blue and white stripes are I think blue and white stripes are I think blue and white stripes are genuinely one of the cutest patterns genuinely one of the cutest patterns genuinely one of the cutest patterns ever, so I'm very excited about this. ever, so I'm very excited about this. ever, so I'm very excited about this. This is the fun bag, okay? This is the This is the fun bag, okay? This is the This is the fun bag, okay? This is the bag full of all of the fun supplies. I bag full of all of the fun supplies. I bag full of all of the fun supplies. I am a sucker for pens and markers. I love am a sucker for pens and markers. I love am a sucker for pens and markers. I love it. Starting off very strong, this is it. Starting off very strong, this is it. Starting off very strong, this is what actually probably what I'm most what actually probably what I'm most what actually probably what I'm most excited about. I haven't had a new pack excited about. I haven't had a new pack excited about. I haven't had a new pack of Mildliners since probably my of Mildliners since probably my of Mildliners since probably my sophomore year of high school, which sophomore year of high school, which sophomore year of high school, which isn't crazy. It's been like 2 years. But isn't crazy. It's been like 2 years. But isn't crazy. It's been like 2 years. But if you know me, I use these all the time if you know me, I use these all the time if you know me, I use these all the time for taking notes, for my Bible studies. for taking notes, for my Bible studies. for taking notes, for my Bible studies. Literally, I live, breathe, die these Literally, I live, breathe, die these Literally, I live, breathe, die these markers. And I finally splurged and got markers. And I finally splurged and got markers. And I finally splurged and got the huge gigantic pack, and I'm going to the huge gigantic pack, and I'm going to the huge gigantic pack, and I'm going to replace all my old ones. The pack that I replace all my old ones. The pack that I replace all my old ones. The pack that I got 2 years ago was a pack smaller than got 2 years ago was a pack smaller than got 2 years ago was a pack smaller than this, and half my markers are either this, and half my markers are either this, and half my markers are either lost, dried up, or on their last leg. lost, dried up, or on their last leg. lost, dried up, or on their last leg. I'm just going to get rid of all of them I'm just going to get rid of all of them I'm just going to get rid of all of them and replace them with new, fresh ones. and replace them with new, fresh ones. and replace them with new, fresh ones. These are iconic for a reason. They're These are iconic for a reason. They're These are iconic for a reason. They're the best, and they have the best colors. the best, and they have the best colors. the best, and they have the best colors. If you've watched any of my back to If you've watched any of my back to If you've watched any of my back to school videos before, you'll know that school videos before, you'll know that school videos before, you'll know that I've gotten these twice. This is my I've gotten these twice. This is my I've gotten these twice. This is my third year getting these. These are my third year getting these. These are my third year getting these. These are my favorite pens ever. I put everyone on favorite pens ever. I put everyone on favorite pens ever. I put everyone on these. These are the best erasable color these. These are the best erasable color these. These are the best erasable color pens you'll ever find. These are the pens you'll ever find. These are the pens you'll ever find. These are the friction ones. They have so many fun friction ones. They have so many fun friction ones. They have so many fun colors, and these are perfect. What I colors, and these are perfect. What I colors, and these are perfect. What I use these for is in my planner, use these for is in my planner, use these for is in my planner, actually. I use these for taking notes actually. I use these for taking notes actually. I use these for taking notes as well, but mainly I use in my planner as well, but mainly I use in my planner as well, but mainly I use in my planner to color code. I give each class a to color code. I give each class a to color code. I give each class a color, and when I'm writing things down color, and when I'm writing things down color, and when I'm writing things down in my planner, I use each color for each in my planner, I use each color for each in my planner, I use each color for each class. So, like say I have an assignment class. So, like say I have an assignment class. So, like say I have an assignment for biology, I'll write it in green. If for biology, I'll write it in green. If for biology, I'll write it in green. If I have an assignment for like English, I have an assignment for like English, I have an assignment for like English, I'll write it in orange. I'll make sure I'll write it in orange. I'll make sure I'll write it in orange. I'll make sure that throughout the year I keep writing that throughout the year I keep writing that throughout the year I keep writing down each thing for each class in a down each thing for each class in a down each thing for each class in a specific color assigned to it, and it specific color assigned to it, and it specific color assigned to it, and it helps me stay so organized. I love a dry helps me stay so organized. I love a dry helps me stay so organized. I love a dry erase board to study, okay? For my erase board to study, okay? For my erase board to study, okay? For my senior year, I took anatomy and senior year, I took anatomy and senior year, I took anatomy and physiology, and I was a whiteboard physiology, and I was a whiteboard physiology, and I was a whiteboard demon. Before every single test, I would demon. Before every single test, I would demon. Before every single test, I would study on my whiteboard. I wrote out the study on my whiteboard. I wrote out the study on my whiteboard. I wrote out the entire study on my whiteboard and like entire study on my whiteboard and like entire study on my whiteboard and like memorize it. I intend to do that again memorize it. I intend to do that again memorize it. I intend to do that again this year. My whiteboard will be coming this year. My whiteboard will be coming this year. My whiteboard will be coming with me to my dorm, but I saw this pack with me to my dorm, but I saw this pack with me to my dorm, but I saw this pack of dry erase markers, and these are of dry erase markers, and these are of dry erase markers, and these are pastels. Like, hello, I've never seen pastels. Like, hello, I've never seen pastels. Like, hello, I've never seen these before. They're so fun. If I'm these before. They're so fun. If I'm these before. They're so fun. If I'm being completely honest with you, I being completely honest with you, I being completely honest with you, I don't really know how much I'm actually don't really know how much I'm actually don't really know how much I'm actually going to use physical note-taking going to use physical note-taking going to use physical note-taking supplies, because I did just get an iPad supplies, because I did just get an iPad supplies, because I did just get an iPad and an Apple Pencil to take notes with and an Apple Pencil to take notes with and an Apple Pencil to take notes with in college. However, I did get some in college. However, I did get some in college. However, I did get some regular pencils, because I figured I regular pencils, because I figured I regular pencils, because I figured I would still need them at some point in would still need them at some point in would still need them at some point in time. So, I just got a pack of the time. So, I just got a pack of the time. So, I just got a pack of the classic BIC Sport Roller ones. You classic BIC Sport Roller ones. You classic BIC Sport Roller ones. You already know, these are the best. I've already know, these are the best. I've already know, these are the best. I've said it many times. I love these, said it many times. I love these, said it many times. I love these, they're magical, and I've used these they're magical, and I've used these they're magical, and I've used these probably since I was in elementary probably since I was in elementary probably since I was in elementary school. Then also, I just again, I don't school. Then also, I just again, I don't school. Then also, I just again, I don't really know how much I'm going to need really know how much I'm going to need really know how much I'm going to need these. I feel like I always end up these. I feel like I always end up these. I feel like I always end up needing glue sticks at some point in needing glue sticks at some point in needing glue sticks at some point in life, regardless of if it's actually for life, regardless of if it's actually for life, regardless of if it's actually for class. So, I just got a pack of glue class. So, I just got a pack of glue class. So, I just got a pack of glue sticks, and I feel like this could be sticks, and I feel like this could be sticks, and I feel like this could be helpful for me doing random things in my helpful for me doing random things in my helpful for me doing random things in my dorm. I also got a pack of some dorm. I also got a pack of some dorm. I also got a pack of some scissors, and tell me these are not so scissors, and tell me these are not so scissors, and tell me these are not so fire. Again, they go with my blue theme. fire. Again, they go with my blue theme. fire. Again, they go with my blue theme. I got blue sparkly scissors. Like, that I got blue sparkly scissors. Like, that I got blue sparkly scissors. Like, that just sounds perfect. I don't know. I just sounds perfect. I don't know. I just sounds perfect. I don't know. I don't know what to tell you. Like, blue don't know what to tell you. Like, blue don't know what to tell you. Like, blue sparkly scissors and my 18-year-old and sparkly scissors and my 18-year-old and sparkly scissors and my 18-year-old and a freshman in college. Yes, but do I a freshman in college. Yes, but do I a freshman in college. Yes, but do I want sparkly glittery scissors? Also, want sparkly glittery scissors? Also, want sparkly glittery scissors? Also, yes. The next up, I also just got a pack yes. The next up, I also just got a pack yes. The next up, I also just got a pack of some pens. As you can kind of see of some pens. As you can kind of see of some pens. As you can kind of see through this whole list, I already kind through this whole list, I already kind through this whole list, I already kind of know what I like and what I don't of know what I like and what I don't of know what I like and what I don't like, which is nice, cuz obviously I've like, which is nice, cuz obviously I've like, which is nice, cuz obviously I've been in school for 13 years. Anyways, I been in school for 13 years. Anyways, I been in school for 13 years. Anyways, I got some black erasable pens. These are got some black erasable pens. These are got some black erasable pens. These are the best as well. The friction brand for the best as well. The friction brand for the best as well. The friction brand for anything erasable are the best. Don't anything erasable are the best. Don't anything erasable are the best. Don't know how much physical note-taking I'll know how much physical note-taking I'll know how much physical note-taking I'll be doing, but I can also just use these be doing, but I can also just use these be doing, but I can also just use these for like my Bible studies, because I've for like my Bible studies, because I've for like my Bible studies, because I've also ran out of black pens in general, also ran out of black pens in general, also ran out of black pens in general, and I need new Bible study pens, so I'll and I need new Bible study pens, so I'll and I need new Bible study pens, so I'll definitely end up using these. And definitely end up using these. And definitely end up using these. And lastly, from Target, I got these. I've lastly, from Target, I got these. I've lastly, from Target, I got these. I've always used these for helpful, because I always used these for helpful, because I always used these for helpful, because I have so many cords, like my laptops and have so many cords, like my laptops and have so many cords, like my laptops and stuff. I just found these and thought stuff. I just found these and thought stuff. I just found these and thought they'd be good. But, these are the they'd be good. But, these are the they'd be good. But, these are the silicone super stretch cord bands. When silicone super stretch cord bands. When silicone super stretch cord bands. When you wrap up your cords, you can wrap you wrap up your cords, you can wrap you wrap up your cords, you can wrap these around to keep them in place. these around to keep them in place. these around to keep them in place. That's the vision. That's the vibe, That's the vision. That's the vibe, That's the vision. That's the vibe, okay? I feel like that's going to be so okay? I feel like that's going to be so okay? I feel like that's going to be so helpful. I love the colors. They're so helpful. I love the colors. They're so helpful. I love the colors. They're so cute and fun. Now, I'm going to show you cute and fun. Now, I'm going to show you cute and fun. Now, I'm going to show you my planner and my pencil pouch. Let's my planner and my pencil pouch. Let's my planner and my pencil pouch. Let's see my pencil pouch because she came in see my pencil pouch because she came in see my pencil pouch because she came in first. This is adorable. If you know me, first. This is adorable. If you know me, first. This is adorable. If you know me, I love a block print bag. In my junior I love a block print bag. In my junior I love a block print bag. In my junior of high school, I actually got this pink of high school, I actually got this pink of high school, I actually got this pink block print bag that everyone was block print bag that everyone was block print bag that everyone was obsessed with from Etsy and it was the obsessed with from Etsy and it was the obsessed with from Etsy and it was the cutest thing ever. Kept it and used it cutest thing ever. Kept it and used it cutest thing ever. Kept it and used it in my senior, too, because I loved it in my senior, too, because I loved it in my senior, too, because I loved it that much. I literally used it as a that much. I literally used it as a that much. I literally used it as a pencil pouch. I actually think it was pencil pouch. I actually think it was pencil pouch. I actually think it was supposed to be technically a cosmetic supposed to be technically a cosmetic supposed to be technically a cosmetic makeup bag. I used it as a pencil pouch makeup bag. I used it as a pencil pouch makeup bag. I used it as a pencil pouch and it was the best thing, [music] and it was the best thing, [music] and it was the best thing, [music] literally, ever. When I was picking out literally, ever. When I was picking out literally, ever. When I was picking out my school supplies for this year, I my school supplies for this year, I my school supplies for this year, I wanted to find a blue one. But, my wanted to find a blue one. But, my wanted to find a blue one. But, my dilemma was the ones from Etsy cuz they dilemma was the ones from Etsy cuz they dilemma was the ones from Etsy cuz they ship from India cuz they're like ship from India cuz they're like ship from India cuz they're like literally made in India, they wouldn't literally made in India, they wouldn't literally made in India, they wouldn't come in time for me to leave for come in time for me to leave for come in time for me to leave for college. So, I found this one that I college. So, I found this one that I college. So, I found this one that I really, really like. This is from the really, really like. This is from the really, really like. This is from the brand Mark and Graham, which I've never brand Mark and Graham, which I've never brand Mark and Graham, which I've never ordered from before and low-key kind of ordered from before and low-key kind of ordered from before and low-key kind of expensive. Kind of hurt the bank expensive. Kind of hurt the bank expensive. Kind of hurt the bank account. Like, you don't know how much account. Like, you don't know how much account. Like, you don't know how much that cost. I know I'm going to get a lot that cost. I know I'm going to get a lot that cost. I know I'm going to get a lot of use out of it probably throughout my of use out of it probably throughout my of use out of it probably throughout my entirety of college, but it's so cute. I entirety of college, but it's so cute. I entirety of college, but it's so cute. I just loved the pattern. It's this little just loved the pattern. It's this little just loved the pattern. It's this little block print bag. It's like quilted. It block print bag. It's like quilted. It block print bag. It's like quilted. It has this little flower pattern on it. It has this little flower pattern on it. It has this little flower pattern on it. It matches everything perfectly. It also matches everything perfectly. It also matches everything perfectly. It also has this tassel like zipper, which I'm has this tassel like zipper, which I'm has this tassel like zipper, which I'm not sure how I feel about. I honestly not sure how I feel about. I honestly not sure how I feel about. I honestly might just take it off and use the might just take it off and use the might just take it off and use the little zipper that's already on there. little zipper that's already on there. little zipper that's already on there. That's another reason I like it. That's another reason I like it. That's another reason I like it. Absolutely gigantic. I can fit all those Absolutely gigantic. I can fit all those Absolutely gigantic. I can fit all those pens I bought in here and also plenty of pens I bought in here and also plenty of pens I bought in here and also plenty of room. It literally almost matches my room. It literally almost matches my room. It literally almost matches my pillow on my bed. Like, I love block pillow on my bed. Like, I love block pillow on my bed. Like, I love block print. It's my favorite thing ever. I print. It's my favorite thing ever. I print. It's my favorite thing ever. I also specifically like this one because also specifically like this one because also specifically like this one because it was a darker color. What I had in the it was a darker color. What I had in the it was a darker color. What I had in the past was pink and white, so it had like past was pink and white, so it had like past was pink and white, so it had like some white parts and the light parts got some white parts and the light parts got some white parts and the light parts got stained really easily. I'm hoping stained really easily. I'm hoping stained really easily. I'm hoping because this one's blue, it won't get because this one's blue, it won't get because this one's blue, it won't get dirty as fast. So, then lastly, the most dirty as fast. So, then lastly, the most dirty as fast. So, then lastly, the most exciting thing about this entire haul is exciting thing about this entire haul is exciting thing about this entire haul is always my planner. I take planners very always my planner. I take planners very always my planner. I take planners very seriously because I am a planner girly. seriously because I am a planner girly. seriously because I am a planner girly. I love notes. I love lists. I make to-do I love notes. I love lists. I make to-do I love notes. I love lists. I make to-do lists every single [music] day whether lists every single [music] day whether lists every single [music] day whether it's on a sticky note, a piece of paper, it's on a sticky note, a piece of paper, it's on a sticky note, a piece of paper, in a planner, or whatever. I am a lover in a planner, or whatever. I am a lover in a planner, or whatever. I am a lover of to-do lists. I love checking things of to-do lists. I love checking things of to-do lists. I love checking things off. It keeps me so organized. And the off. It keeps me so organized. And the off. It keeps me so organized. And the reason why this haul actually took so reason why this haul actually took so reason why this haul actually took so long is because I was waiting for the long is because I was waiting for the long is because I was waiting for the planner to arrive. I looked and searched planner to arrive. I looked and searched planner to arrive. I looked and searched up and down for a planner that I liked. up and down for a planner that I liked. up and down for a planner that I liked. I love PPA planners and I found this I love PPA planners and I found this I love PPA planners and I found this one. I actually was able to customize it one. I actually was able to customize it one. I actually was able to customize it to say what I wanted to say. It's a to say what I wanted to say. It's a to say what I wanted to say. It's a little light blue planner. It's so little light blue planner. It's so little light blue planner. It's so perfect and matches my theme literally perfect and matches my theme literally perfect and matches my theme literally perfectly. But, this little really perfectly. But, this little really perfectly. But, this little really pretty light blue planner and has this pretty light blue planner and has this pretty light blue planner and has this really pretty white text on it. It says really pretty white text on it. It says really pretty white text on it. It says academic planner on it. I thought it was academic planner on it. I thought it was academic planner on it. I thought it was super cute and simple. I actually super cute and simple. I actually super cute and simple. I actually customized it to say Noel Kate at the customized it to say Noel Kate at the customized it to say Noel Kate at the top right here and then it says top right here and then it says top right here and then it says 2026-2027. I love the way it's laid out 2026-2027. I love the way it's laid out 2026-2027. I love the way it's laid out because it has the dates. This is a because it has the dates. This is a because it has the dates. This is a weekly overview, so it has each day and weekly overview, so it has each day and weekly overview, so it has each day and plenty of room to write like whatever plenty of room to write like whatever plenty of room to write like whatever you need to do, a to-do list, and it has you need to do, a to-do list, and it has you need to do, a to-do list, and it has a little note at the bottom. And then it a little note at the bottom. And then it a little note at the bottom. And then it has the date, but then you can also fill has the date, but then you can also fill has the date, but then you can also fill in like the semester and week number, in like the semester and week number, in like the semester and week number, which is nice, so you can kind of keep which is nice, so you can kind of keep which is nice, so you can kind of keep track of where you are in the semester. track of where you are in the semester. track of where you are in the semester. It's super amazing, and I love these It's super amazing, and I love these It's super amazing, and I love these planners. This is my third PPB planner. planners. This is my third PPB planner. planners. This is my third PPB planner. I had one last year and then the year I had one last year and then the year I had one last year and then the year before that as well. I'm very excited, before that as well. I'm very excited, before that as well. I'm very excited, and it's so adorable, like it's just so and it's so adorable, like it's just so and it's so adorable, like it's just so cute. But that officially concludes cute. But that officially concludes cute. But that officially concludes everything that I got for my freshman everything that I got for my freshman everything that I got for my freshman year of college. Those are all the year of college. Those are all the year of college. Those are all the school supplies I got. Stay tuned for school supplies I got. Stay tuned for school supplies I got. Stay tuned for lots more back to school content because lots more back to school content because lots more back to school content because I have even know how many videos I have. I have even know how many videos I have. I have even know how many videos I have. I have so many things. Like I have a I have so many things. Like I have a I have so many things. Like I have a college prepping video. I'm going to college prepping video. I'm going to college prepping video. I'm going to have move-in vlogs. I'm going to have have move-in vlogs. I'm going to have have move-in vlogs. I'm going to have first [music] day of school get ready first [music] day of school get ready first [music] day of school get ready with me, first day of school vlog, so with me, first day of school vlog, so with me, first day of school vlog, so many things. So if you like my back to many things. So if you like my back to many things. So if you like my back to school content, buckle up because this school content, buckle up because this school content, buckle up because this is the start of my annual back to school is the start of my annual back to school is the start of my annual back to school series. I love back to school videos. series. I love back to school videos. series. I love back to school videos. They're my favorite videos to film. They're my favorite videos to film. They're my favorite videos to film. Thank you guys so much for watching, and Thank you guys so much for watching, and Thank you guys so much for watching, and I'll see you guys in a brand new video I'll see you guys in a brand new video I'll see you guys in a brand new video sometime very, very soon. Bye, guys.