Guys, think if you wake up early in the morning and
get this view outside the room,
how great this view will look, think, look, we have dug a whole hole for the pool, the
size is just right here
[encouraging voice] Guys,
finally Faisal Bhai has come to meet us,
you must have seen him
Good morning guys, it is 5:30 in the morning,
right now we have come to the gym, so let's start
and after that we have a plan to
visit a nice place, so we will go. Now
I take Vika to the gym every morning.
[MUSIC] So guys workout finished. Now let's go
to the mountains for a fun trip and together we are going to
Boya and Sahil.
Guys, today we will have breakfast outside on the
mountain. Easy Going. I have to go to the mountains
so I have brought the Fortuner too,
guys. On the scooter.
Look, he is standing up.
Ok. [Music]
Guys, we've come to a really nice place.
Look at this. And look at the view in front, how
beautiful the mountains are.
Look at this.
And look here, there are so many white flowers.
Look at this. There are white
flowers all around here. And we're
walking in the middle of it.
Looking cool, right?
Cinematic. And we are going to do something here also.
So you will know what we are going to do here in some time. Guys, you will enjoy it.
Snow falls here.
Snow also falls.
It is at a height, so snow falls here. I
saw the gardener today.
Guys, look how cute these trees look. There are
leaves on the trees. You are
looking very cute. Look
guys, look here, there are only apples. There are
apples everywhere on this tree. They have fallen down as well.
Look how many apples there are.
Guys, we are leaving now. We have seen whatever
we wanted to see from here. Brother,
we live in such a lovely location. So,
we parked the car here. Now I am unable to understand
how to take the bags because there is a
way to take a U-turn here, otherwise it is very
dangerous. There is a ditch below here too. Brother, it was right that we
brought the Fortuner. Look, I have to bring the entire bag.
[Music] Guys, we have just reached
our favourite place.
Look, the view in front and coffee has also
arrived here. Awesome guys. So now we have come here to
see the rooms. Look brother, this is the
room. Look how cute this room is. There
is also a sky light above here.
Look, there's
lighting in it from here as well. And the
entire view is visible from here. Look at this. Ok? And do you
know where we are now?
Look at this.
We're upstairs now.
Open it. This also opens. Look at this. There
is full skylight inside. And now we're up. You
can also go down from here.
Look, books etc. are kept here. Go down from here and there
is a room here. There is a nice bed here.
We were upstairs now.
And look, the plants have not even been cut.
Plants have also been taken out inside it. There
is also a lovely outdoor seating deck. The outside is also all
wood. It is completely made of wood.
Guys, this is our dream. We should also have such a
small house in the mountains. Such a cute wooden one.
Now let's go into it after this.
We have even stopped in this one.
Best friend,
look
what's up friends, guys
today we will have breakfast right here, we
will have breakfast right here, how are you feeling today, I feel like
sitting here, right, I feel like staying
here today,
look how lovely it is, look like this, I feel like there is
something behind it,
look the
rain has started, the mild
lovely weather
friend, today oh
I was just saying that it will be fun in the rain, it has started
raining,
coriander, look,
someone buy it here, oh wow, wow, please
suit it, this is great,
organic,
guys, look, all the vegetables etc. are
organic from here, this coriander, look,
so much coriander is also organic, so we
get it from here, we pluck it from here, we
prepare it, so we had ordered parathas, parathas
and curd, guys, breakfast is over now
and brother, I haven't even washed my face since morning, I haven't even
bathed, I came straight here from the gym
Listen, I don't feel like leaving now, guys, it's a
3 hour journey from here to Hadwani, I do
n't feel like leaving so much guys, so now Let's
play carrom,
come,
whoever wins will get pizza from me,
pizza party, okay, right here, okay,
okay, come on
brother,
hey, while we were playing, hot pizza has arrived,
look guys. So now let's go from here. It is
1:00 in the afternoon. First we have to go to
Bhimtal. I have to see some work in the house that is being built in Bhimtal for Boya,
then we will
go. Guys, we are
also taking organic vegetables from here. Look
Guys. So finally we have reached Bhimtal.
Now let me show you a very next level
view. Look, this house is being built for Boriya, the
view from here is very next level brother, if you have seen it,
look, this is the living room and look from here,
this is the next level view,
wow
brother, there is no view like this from anywhere else, wow, the
entire lake is visible, look, the
entire lake is
very beautiful,
look at these clouds, sky, mountains and this
lake
and this living room,
this view is nothing
and this is the bedroom, look here, guys, think
how will this house look with such a view, think, there is a
view from every room, there is a view from the washroom
and we are standing in the balcony right now, this is the
balcony, seating will be installed here too, guys,
think, if you get this view outside the room after waking up in the morning,
how strong will this view look, think, this is the best
location to build this house and guys,
look at this open kitchen. A kitchen will be built here. And this
is another living room. There is another room here
also. Did you
enjoy it?
And there's a
full view from up and down as well. Look at the beans. And a
pool is being built here. And rooms are being built here also. A
complete garden will be built here.
Trees will be planted.
So it means a very strong house is being built.
How did this building come about? Front.
This also looks strong.
Look, they have dug the entire area here for the pool.
The size is perfect.
Oh, the pool is huge. Is. It
is the right size. There is still a little work left to do
here. Beds etc. are being made, right? What might
someone's dream home look like? Look,
this can happen. With such a view, this is what is adding to its beauty.
Yes. Guys, you take a look. This is the advantage of
living in Hadwani. We can also stay in Hadwani. You
can stay here also. You
can also go to Wood House where we went today.
Dude, there are so many places.
We have so many places. Come on brother, let's leave from
here for now. So brother, today's whole day passed like this.
Look at the time while moving around. It's about to be 4:00.
We have come out of the SIM. Yes.
Guys, the bus in front broke down and we have to
leave. How will we get out now? The
car of the person accompanying him broke down here.
Yes, he is
helping him a little.
Well, it didn't get spoiled, right?
It did not get spoiled. Don't worry. Don't don't
care.
Don't care. So you said it got spoiled.
You said it got damaged.
You
[Sangeet] have
reached Hadwani for now. Now let's go
home brother and look at the time, it's already 5:00
brother. It's been 12 hours since I
left the house. [Music]
Guys, look, Daaya ji is sitting here. Daya
ji, I have brought vegetables, beans and that.
Good.
Ok.
Excellent. Look, Piyush is having lunch now.
Kadhi rice is made today. So guys, I am getting ready now
because I have to go to Skyk now. To
meet whom?
I will introduce you to whomever you want to meet. So let's go. So
guys finally we have reached here
near Bobiya. So here we are going to meet
a very special person. So
look here, we also have an audience in front of us.
Can you guess who we are going to meet
today? Who are you going to meet? Let me show it.
Come on brother, let me show
you. He is just about to come. Hey, have you come
? I have come, I have come.
Jai Baba. Jai Baba ki ke role wich hiya [Voice of singing]
Zindagi siya gada pagal [
Praise] Phir bhi
nahi pada pagal
ok ho mariya mariya phir haal to poore ka tere bina jeena bhi kjeena ban ja ka khoya Rahu yaad teri karke nadaniya wallet me rakhoon tere
yaad khadkai
[Voice of encouraging] [Praise]
Thank you [Praise] you thank you so much thank you so much guys guys
finally Faisal bhai has come to meet me
you must have seen him he is a superstar of
our show he
won in our episode and what a cool
bhai you are friend
bhaiya thank you so much first of all thank you so much for
inviting me friend. I am very happy guys, I am
very happy to meet my brother.
Thank you so much my brother.
So I told Bhaiya to come here to
meet us, Halwani has finally arrived. I am
feeling very good after meeting you today
and the way you have come,
performing fully, is just like you came in the past. So it
felt very good. Very
exactly beans. Bhaiya thank you so much. I am
so happy guys. Jai Baba. Let's go.
Jai Baba.
So brother, this is Faisal Bhai. He is from Tanzania.
From Tanzania. Look, he has come to meet us.
Hi Faisal how are you? What language are you
speaking?
[laughter] What language are you speaking? No,
what is there to laugh about in this? Why are you
speaking English?
Why are people not speaking English in India?
How are you? Yes.
Welcome to India.
I am alright! No, not Welcome to India.
Welcome friend. [laughter]
Thank you. [laughter] Come on.
No, he loves India very,
very much.
Seeing this, I feel that the
song he has sung,
not all the songs he sings, all of them are very
talented.
Yes, he doesn't know the meaning of all the songs in Tamil, Malayalam, Marathi, Haryanvi,
Punjabi, Hindi.
Right, right. I do
n't know the meaning of the songs but I know how to sing.
But I learn first. Before singing, I learn how to
sing. What does this line mean in this
? I see everything like emotions etc. I will say it again.
Well, looking at your body, I feel that
you are probably dangerous in sports also.
Boxing, running, everything I do.
So brother, then a fight is inevitable with them.
Whose fight?
Saurabh's,
not mine, Saurabh's.
Then brother Saurabh's fight is arranged.
Hey, they even fought in the episode.
Good?
Yes, they fought there very well.
But friend Faisal, it was nice meeting you. Adored. I am
very happy.
You are multi-talented. Yes. Isn't it
? Your voice, you adopted our culture
so quickly. Adored.
How many years have you been in India? It's been
three years here.
Brother, to speak so strongly in three years, to
sing so strongly [laughs]
this is love. That's why I have love for India in my heart.
What should I say, friend?
Well, how are the people of India? Good friend,
just good, why did you say so, good?
What does it mean? Very good.
Talk a lot. Very good.
No, it would be nice if I say it. It would
feel better if you said it. You are
looking very good.
I know that my channel will get 1 million or 2 million subscribers soon. Well, there are
200 now.
It will be done, it will be done. So how are you feeling
then how are you feeling in Hadwani? Are you
in Uttarakhand for the first time? I have
come for the first time. For the first time.
Yes.
So how do you want to get married?
From Indian tradition or how?
This is
Indian tradition because I said
I like this glass here very much, so we will do it in Indian
tradition only. We
will get the decoration done here. [laughter]
And is
yes decoration
one two three four or
what is the name of the song? [laughs] It's the
name of the song,
but I told him to come and meet me,
and look, he came to meet me today and we met. It's great
brother-in-law, I was enjoying it. I was
looking at you again and again. I thought
what will I tell Saurabh Joshi Bhaiya and take
some photos, selfies etc. and then I will
show them to him when I go home. Look what your son has brought.
Learn a song from our Uttarakhand as well.
Now,
yes, you can teach me.
Saurabh will teach me how to sing.
Yes, teach me, he will sing two or three lines as well.
Call Bedupa a Barmasa. Bedupa a Barmasa. Bedupa a Barmasa.
Neither the Kafil Pachta
nor the Kafil
Pachta nor the Kafil Pak Cheta
Meri Chela
Meri Chela. I want to
ask you something about the journey.
From Tanzania to India,
probably a journey of six or seven hours. I know, maybe [laughs].
I am asking you, today is not about your life's
journey. Let me ask you one thing.
Like, do you know Hindi?
Yes,
okay,
but many people might think that
you don't know Hindi, so
they look at you and
say something wrong in Hindi or
make fun of you, sometimes,
yes
[coughing sound] [sound of clearing throat]
yes, people make fun of you here, a lot of
people still make fun of you, but what can we do, we
just look at them as if there is no problem
in life. They might
think that you are not able to understand, yes that. I
mean, we think that he doesn't know Hindi, so he
says something wrong
and we don't say anything, we just like it
because this thing happens, it happens in India
or Africa or USA, so this happens everywhere,
this happens
everywhere, so don't feel
bad
and what else,
okay, so come on friends, let's have a
nice dinner, guys,
now let's have dinner, roti sabji,
these brothers are in front and here Avantika and
Beni, so guys, for now I am ending this vlog, if you
like it then like it, if
not on the channel then subscribe, we will meet
in the next vlog, thank you so much for watching
so
