Guys, think if you wake up early in the morning and Guys, think if you wake up early in the morning and Guys, think if you wake up early in the morning and get this view outside the room, get this view outside the room, get this view outside the room, how great this view will look, think, look, we have dug a whole hole for the pool, the how great this view will look, think, look, we have dug a whole hole for the pool, the size is just right here [encouraging voice] Guys, [encouraging voice] Guys, [encouraging voice] Guys, finally Faisal Bhai has come to meet us, finally Faisal Bhai has come to meet us, finally Faisal Bhai has come to meet us, you must have seen him you must have seen him you must have seen him Good morning guys, it is 5:30 in the morning, Good morning guys, it is 5:30 in the morning, Good morning guys, it is 5:30 in the morning, right now we have come to the gym, so let's start right now we have come to the gym, so let's start right now we have come to the gym, so let's start and after that we have a plan to and after that we have a plan to and after that we have a plan to visit a nice place, so we will go.  Now visit a nice place, so we will go.  Now visit a nice place, so we will go.  Now I take Vika to the gym every morning. I take Vika to the gym every morning. I take Vika to the gym every morning. [MUSIC] So guys workout finished.  Now let's go [MUSIC] So guys workout finished.  Now let's go [MUSIC] So guys workout finished.  Now let's go to the mountains for a fun trip and together we are going to to the mountains for a fun trip and together we are going to to the mountains for a fun trip and together we are going to Boya and Sahil. Boya and Sahil. Boya and Sahil. Guys, today we will have breakfast outside on the Guys, today we will have breakfast outside on the Guys, today we will have breakfast outside on the mountain.  Easy Going.  I have to go to the mountains mountain.  Easy Going.  I have to go to the mountains mountain.  Easy Going.  I have to go to the mountains so I have brought the Fortuner too, so I have brought the Fortuner too, so I have brought the Fortuner too, guys.  On the scooter. guys.  On the scooter. guys.  On the scooter. Look, he is standing up. Look, he is standing up. Look, he is standing up. Ok.  [Music] Guys, we've come to a really nice place. Guys, we've come to a really nice place. Guys, we've come to a really nice place. Look at this.  And look at the view in front, how Look at this.  And look at the view in front, how Look at this.  And look at the view in front, how beautiful the mountains are. beautiful the mountains are. beautiful the mountains are. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. And look here, there are so many white flowers. And look here, there are so many white flowers. And look here, there are so many white flowers. Look at this.  There are white Look at this.  There are white Look at this.  There are white flowers all around here.  And we're flowers all around here.  And we're flowers all around here.  And we're walking in the middle of it. walking in the middle of it. walking in the middle of it. Looking cool, right? Looking cool, right? Looking cool, right? Cinematic.  And we are going to do something here also. Cinematic.  And we are going to do something here also. Cinematic.  And we are going to do something here also. So you will know what we are going to do here in some time.  Guys, you will enjoy it. So you will know what we are going to do here in some time.  Guys, you will enjoy it. Snow falls here. Snow falls here. Snow falls here. Snow also falls. Snow also falls. Snow also falls. It is at a height, so snow falls here.   I It is at a height, so snow falls here.   I It is at a height, so snow falls here.   I saw the gardener today. saw the gardener today. saw the gardener today. Guys, look how cute these trees look.  There are Guys, look how cute these trees look.  There are Guys, look how cute these trees look.  There are leaves on the trees.   You are leaves on the trees.   You are leaves on the trees.   You are looking very cute.  Look looking very cute.  Look looking very cute.  Look guys, look here, there are only apples.   There are guys, look here, there are only apples.   There are guys, look here, there are only apples.   There are apples everywhere on this tree.  They have fallen down as well. apples everywhere on this tree.  They have fallen down as well. apples everywhere on this tree.  They have fallen down as well. Look how many apples there are. Look how many apples there are. Look how many apples there are. Guys, we are leaving now. We have seen whatever Guys, we are leaving now. We have seen whatever Guys, we are leaving now. We have seen whatever we wanted to see from here. Brother, we wanted to see from here. Brother, we wanted to see from here. Brother, we live in such a lovely location. So, we live in such a lovely location. So, we live in such a lovely location. So, we parked the car here. Now I am unable to understand we parked the car here. Now I am unable to understand we parked the car here. Now I am unable to understand how to take the bags because there is a how to take the bags because there is a how to take the bags because there is a way to take a U-turn here, otherwise it is very way to take a U-turn here, otherwise it is very way to take a U-turn here, otherwise it is very dangerous. There is a ditch below here too. Brother, it was right that we dangerous. There is a ditch below here too. Brother, it was right that we dangerous. There is a ditch below here too. Brother, it was right that we brought the Fortuner. Look, I have to bring the entire bag. brought the Fortuner. Look, I have to bring the entire bag. [Music] Guys, we have just reached our favourite place. our favourite place. our favourite place. Look, the view in front and coffee has also Look, the view in front and coffee has also Look, the view in front and coffee has also arrived here. Awesome guys.  So now we have come here to arrived here. Awesome guys.  So now we have come here to arrived here. Awesome guys.  So now we have come here to see the rooms.  Look brother, this is the see the rooms.  Look brother, this is the see the rooms.  Look brother, this is the room.  Look how cute this room is.   There room.  Look how cute this room is.   There room.  Look how cute this room is.   There is also a sky light above here. is also a sky light above here. is also a sky light above here. Look, there's Look, there's Look, there's lighting in it from here as well.  And the lighting in it from here as well.  And the lighting in it from here as well.  And the entire view is visible from here.  Look at this.  Ok?  And do you entire view is visible from here.  Look at this.  Ok?  And do you entire view is visible from here.  Look at this.  Ok?  And do you know where we are now? know where we are now? know where we are now? Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. We're upstairs now. We're upstairs now. We're upstairs now. Open it. Open it. Open it. Open it.  This also opens.  Look at this.   There Open it.  This also opens.  Look at this.   There Open it.  This also opens.  Look at this.   There is full skylight inside.  And now we're up.  You is full skylight inside.  And now we're up.  You is full skylight inside.  And now we're up.  You can also go down from here. can also go down from here. can also go down from here. Look, books etc. are kept here.  Go down from here and there Look, books etc. are kept here.  Go down from here and there is a room here.  There is a nice bed here. is a room here.  There is a nice bed here. is a room here.  There is a nice bed here. We were upstairs now. We were upstairs now. We were upstairs now. And look, the plants have not even been cut. And look, the plants have not even been cut. And look, the plants have not even been cut. Plants have also been taken out inside it.  There Plants have also been taken out inside it.  There Plants have also been taken out inside it.  There is also a lovely outdoor seating deck.  The outside is also all is also a lovely outdoor seating deck.  The outside is also all is also a lovely outdoor seating deck.  The outside is also all wood.  It is completely made of wood. wood.  It is completely made of wood. wood.  It is completely made of wood. Guys, this is our dream.  We should also have such a Guys, this is our dream.  We should also have such a Guys, this is our dream.  We should also have such a small house in the mountains.  Such a cute wooden one. small house in the mountains.  Such a cute wooden one. small house in the mountains.  Such a cute wooden one. Now let's go into it after this. Now let's go into it after this. Now let's go into it after this. We have even stopped in this one. We have even stopped in this one. We have even stopped in this one. Best friend, Best friend, Best friend, look look look what's up friends, guys what's up friends, guys what's up friends, guys today we will have breakfast right here, we today we will have breakfast right here, we today we will have breakfast right here, we will have breakfast right here, how are you feeling today, I feel like will have breakfast right here, how are you feeling today, I feel like sitting here, right, I feel like staying sitting here, right, I feel like staying sitting here, right, I feel like staying here today, here today, here today, look how lovely it is, look like this, I feel like there is look how lovely it is, look like this, I feel like there is look how lovely it is, look like this, I feel like there is something behind it, something behind it, something behind it, look the look the look the rain has started, the mild rain has started, the mild rain has started, the mild lovely weather lovely weather lovely weather friend, today oh friend, today oh friend, today oh I was just saying that it will be fun in the rain, it has started I was just saying that it will be fun in the rain, it has started I was just saying that it will be fun in the rain, it has started raining, raining, raining, coriander, look, coriander, look, coriander, look, someone buy it here, oh wow, wow, please someone buy it here, oh wow, wow, please someone buy it here, oh wow, wow, please suit it, this is great, suit it, this is great, suit it, this is great, organic, organic, organic, guys, look, all the vegetables etc. are guys, look, all the vegetables etc. are guys, look, all the vegetables etc. are organic from here, this coriander, look, organic from here, this coriander, look, organic from here, this coriander, look, so much coriander is also organic, so we so much coriander is also organic, so we so much coriander is also organic, so we get it from here, we pluck it from here, we get it from here, we pluck it from here, we get it from here, we pluck it from here, we prepare it, so we had ordered parathas, parathas prepare it, so we had ordered parathas, parathas prepare it, so we had ordered parathas, parathas and curd, guys, breakfast is over now and curd, guys, breakfast is over now and curd, guys, breakfast is over now and brother, I haven't even washed my face since morning, I haven't even and brother, I haven't even washed my face since morning, I haven't even and brother, I haven't even washed my face since morning, I haven't even bathed, I came straight here from the gym bathed, I came straight here from the gym Listen, I don't feel like leaving now, guys, it's a Listen, I don't feel like leaving now, guys, it's a Listen, I don't feel like leaving now, guys, it's a 3 hour journey from here to Hadwani, I do 3 hour journey from here to Hadwani, I do 3 hour journey from here to Hadwani, I do n't feel like leaving so much guys, so now  Let's n't feel like leaving so much guys, so now  Let's n't feel like leaving so much guys, so now  Let's play carrom, play carrom, play carrom, come, come, come, whoever wins will get pizza from me, whoever wins will get pizza from me, whoever wins will get pizza from me, pizza pizza pizza pizza party, okay, right here, okay, pizza party, okay, right here, okay, pizza party, okay, right here, okay, okay, come on okay, come on okay, come on brother, hey, while we were playing, hot pizza has arrived, hey, while we were playing, hot pizza has arrived, hey, while we were playing, hot pizza has arrived, look guys.  So now let's go from here.   It is look guys.  So now let's go from here.   It is look guys.  So now let's go from here.   It is 1:00 in the afternoon.  First we have to go to 1:00 in the afternoon.  First we have to go to 1:00 in the afternoon.  First we have to go to Bhimtal.  I have to see some work in the house that is being built in Bhimtal for Boya, Bhimtal.  I have to see some work in the house that is being built in Bhimtal for Boya, Bhimtal.  I have to see some work in the house that is being built in Bhimtal for Boya, then we will then we will then we will go.  Guys, we are go.  Guys, we are go.  Guys, we are also taking organic vegetables from here.  Look also taking organic vegetables from here.  Look also taking organic vegetables from here.  Look Guys.  So finally we have reached Bhimtal. Guys.  So finally we have reached Bhimtal. Guys.  So finally we have reached Bhimtal. Now let me show you a very next level Now let me show you a very next level Now let me show you a very next level view.  Look, this house is being built for Boriya, the view.  Look, this house is being built for Boriya, the view.  Look, this house is being built for Boriya, the view from here is very next level brother, if you have seen it, view from here is very next level brother, if you have seen it, look, this is the living room and look from here, look, this is the living room and look from here, look, this is the living room and look from here, this is the next level view, this is the next level view, this is the next level view, wow wow wow brother, there is no view like this from anywhere else, wow, the brother, there is no view like this from anywhere else, wow, the brother, there is no view like this from anywhere else, wow, the entire lake is visible, look, the entire lake is visible, look, the entire lake is visible, look, the entire lake is entire lake is very beautiful, very beautiful, very beautiful, look at these clouds, sky, mountains and this look at these clouds, sky, mountains and this look at these clouds, sky, mountains and this lake lake lake and this living room, and this living room, and this living room, this view is nothing this view is nothing this view is nothing and this is the bedroom, look here, guys, think and this is the bedroom, look here, guys, think how will this house look with such a view, think, there is a how will this house look with such a view, think, there is a how will this house look with such a view, think, there is a view from every room, there is a view from the washroom view from every room, there is a view from the washroom view from every room, there is a view from the washroom and we are standing in the balcony right now, this is the and we are standing in the balcony right now, this is the and we are standing in the balcony right now, this is the balcony, seating will be installed here too, guys, balcony, seating will be installed here too, guys, balcony, seating will be installed here too, guys, think, if you get this view outside the room after waking up in the morning, think, if you get this view outside the room after waking up in the morning, how strong will this view look, think, this is the best how strong will this view look, think, this is the best how strong will this view look, think, this is the best location to build this house and guys, location to build this house and guys, location to build this house and guys, look at this open kitchen.  A kitchen will be built here.  And this look at this open kitchen.  A kitchen will be built here.  And this look at this open kitchen.  A kitchen will be built here.  And this is another living room.  There is another room here is another living room.  There is another room here is another living room.  There is another room here also.   Did you also.   Did you also.   Did you enjoy it? enjoy it? enjoy it? And there's a And there's a And there's a full view from up and down as well.  Look at the beans.  And a full view from up and down as well.  Look at the beans.  And a full view from up and down as well.  Look at the beans.  And a pool is being built here.  And rooms are being built here also.  A pool is being built here.  And rooms are being built here also.  A pool is being built here.  And rooms are being built here also.  A complete garden will be built here. complete garden will be built here. complete garden will be built here. Trees will be planted. Trees will be planted. Trees will be planted. So it means a very strong house is being built. So it means a very strong house is being built. So it means a very strong house is being built. How did this building come about?  Front. How did this building come about?  Front. How did this building come about?  Front. This also looks strong. This also looks strong. This also looks strong. Look, they have dug the entire area here for the pool. Look, they have dug the entire area here for the pool. Look, they have dug the entire area here for the pool. The size is perfect. The size is perfect. The size is perfect. Oh, the pool is huge.  Is.   It Oh, the pool is huge.  Is.   It Oh, the pool is huge.  Is.   It is the right size.  There is still a little work left to do is the right size.  There is still a little work left to do is the right size.  There is still a little work left to do here.  Beds etc. are being made, right?  What might here.  Beds etc. are being made, right?  What might here.  Beds etc. are being made, right?  What might someone's dream home look like?  Look, someone's dream home look like?  Look, someone's dream home look like?  Look, this can happen.  With such a view, this is what is adding to its beauty. this can happen.  With such a view, this is what is adding to its beauty. Yes.  Guys, you take a look.  This is the advantage of Yes.  Guys, you take a look.  This is the advantage of Yes.  Guys, you take a look.  This is the advantage of living in Hadwani.  We can also stay in Hadwani.  You living in Hadwani.  We can also stay in Hadwani.  You living in Hadwani.  We can also stay in Hadwani.  You can stay here also.  You can stay here also.  You can stay here also.  You can also go to Wood House where we went today. can also go to Wood House where we went today. can also go to Wood House where we went today. Dude, there are so many places. Dude, there are so many places. Dude, there are so many places. We have so many places.  Come on brother, let's leave from We have so many places.  Come on brother, let's leave from We have so many places.  Come on brother, let's leave from here for now.  So brother, today's whole day passed like this. here for now.  So brother, today's whole day passed like this. here for now.  So brother, today's whole day passed like this. Look at the time while moving around.  It's about to be 4:00. Look at the time while moving around.  It's about to be 4:00. We have come out of the SIM.  Yes. We have come out of the SIM.  Yes. We have come out of the SIM.  Yes. Guys, the bus in front broke down and we have to Guys, the bus in front broke down and we have to Guys, the bus in front broke down and we have to leave.  How will we get out now?   The leave.  How will we get out now?   The leave.  How will we get out now?   The car of the person accompanying him broke down here. car of the person accompanying him broke down here. car of the person accompanying him broke down here. Yes, he is Yes, he is Yes, he is helping him a little. helping him a little. helping him a little. Well, it didn't get spoiled, right? Well, it didn't get spoiled, right? Well, it didn't get spoiled, right? It did not get spoiled.  Don't worry.  Don't don't It did not get spoiled.  Don't worry.  Don't don't It did not get spoiled.  Don't worry.  Don't don't care. care. care. Don't care.  So you said it got spoiled. Don't care.  So you said it got spoiled. Don't care.  So you said it got spoiled. You said it got damaged. You said it got damaged. You said it got damaged. You You You [Sangeet] have reached Hadwani for now.  Now let's go reached Hadwani for now.  Now let's go reached Hadwani for now.  Now let's go home brother and look at the time, it's already 5:00 home brother and look at the time, it's already 5:00 home brother and look at the time, it's already 5:00 brother.  It's been 12 hours since I brother.  It's been 12 hours since I brother.  It's been 12 hours since I left the house.  [Music] left the house.  [Music] left the house.  [Music] Guys, look, Daaya ji is sitting here.  Daya Guys, look, Daaya ji is sitting here.  Daya Guys, look, Daaya ji is sitting here.  Daya ji, I have brought vegetables, beans and that. ji, I have brought vegetables, beans and that. ji, I have brought vegetables, beans and that. Good. Good. Good. Ok. Ok. Ok. Excellent.  Look, Piyush is having lunch now. Excellent.  Look, Piyush is having lunch now. Excellent.  Look, Piyush is having lunch now. Kadhi rice is made today.  So guys, I am getting ready now Kadhi rice is made today.  So guys, I am getting ready now Kadhi rice is made today.  So guys, I am getting ready now because I have to go to Skyk now.   To because I have to go to Skyk now.   To because I have to go to Skyk now.   To meet whom? meet whom? meet whom? I will introduce you to whomever you want to meet.  So let's go.  So I will introduce you to whomever you want to meet.  So let's go.  So I will introduce you to whomever you want to meet.  So let's go.  So guys finally we have reached here guys finally we have reached here guys finally we have reached here near Bobiya.  So here we are going to meet near Bobiya.  So here we are going to meet near Bobiya.  So here we are going to meet a very special person.  So a very special person.  So a very special person.  So look here, we also have an audience in front of us. look here, we also have an audience in front of us. look here, we also have an audience in front of us. Can you guess who we are going to meet Can you guess who we are going to meet Can you guess who we are going to meet today?  Who are you going to meet?   Let me show it. today?  Who are you going to meet?   Let me show it. today?  Who are you going to meet?   Let me show it. Come on brother, let me show Come on brother, let me show Come on brother, let me show you.  He is just about to come.  Hey, have you come you.  He is just about to come.  Hey, have you come you.  He is just about to come.  Hey, have you come ?  I have come, I have come. ?  I have come, I have come. ?  I have come, I have come. Jai Baba.  Jai Baba ki ke role wich hiya [Voice of singing] Jai Baba.  Jai Baba ki ke role wich hiya [Voice of singing] Zindagi siya gada pagal [ Praise] Phir bhi Praise] Phir bhi Praise] Phir bhi nahi pada pagal nahi pada pagal nahi pada pagal ok ho mariya mariya phir haal to poore ka tere bina jeena bhi kjeena ban ja ka khoya Rahu yaad teri karke nadaniya wallet me rakhoon tere ok ho mariya mariya phir haal to poore ka tere bina jeena bhi kjeena ban ja ka khoya Rahu yaad teri karke nadaniya wallet me rakhoon tere yaad khadkai yaad khadkai yaad khadkai [Voice of encouraging] [Praise] Thank you [Praise] you thank you so much thank you so much guys guys Thank you [Praise] you thank you so much thank you so much guys guys finally Faisal bhai has come to meet me finally Faisal bhai has come to meet me finally Faisal bhai has come to meet me you must have seen him he is a superstar of you must have seen him he is a superstar of you must have seen him he is a superstar of our show he our show he our show he won in our episode and what a cool won in our episode and what a cool won in our episode and what a cool bhai you are friend bhai you are friend bhai you are friend bhaiya thank you so much first of all thank you so much for bhaiya thank you so much first of all thank you so much for bhaiya thank you so much first of all thank you so much for inviting me friend.  I am very happy guys, I am inviting me friend.  I am very happy guys, I am inviting me friend.  I am very happy guys, I am very happy to meet my brother. very happy to meet my brother. very happy to meet my brother. Thank you so much my brother. Thank you so much my brother. Thank you so much my brother. So I told Bhaiya to come here to So I told Bhaiya to come here to So I told Bhaiya to come here to meet us, Halwani has finally arrived.  I am meet us, Halwani has finally arrived.  I am meet us, Halwani has finally arrived.  I am feeling very good after meeting you today feeling very good after meeting you today feeling very good after meeting you today and the way you have come, and the way you have come, and the way you have come, performing fully, is just like you came in the past.  So it performing fully, is just like you came in the past.  So it performing fully, is just like you came in the past.  So it felt very good.  Very felt very good.  Very felt very good.  Very exactly beans.  Bhaiya thank you so much.  I am exactly beans.  Bhaiya thank you so much.  I am exactly beans.  Bhaiya thank you so much.  I am so happy guys.  Jai Baba.  Let's go. so happy guys.  Jai Baba.  Let's go. so happy guys.  Jai Baba.  Let's go. Jai Baba. Jai Baba. Jai Baba. So brother, this is Faisal Bhai.  He is from Tanzania. So brother, this is Faisal Bhai.  He is from Tanzania. So brother, this is Faisal Bhai.  He is from Tanzania. From Tanzania.  Look, he has come to meet us. From Tanzania.  Look, he has come to meet us. From Tanzania.  Look, he has come to meet us. Hi Faisal how are you?  What language are you Hi Faisal how are you?  What language are you Hi Faisal how are you?  What language are you speaking? speaking? speaking? [laughter] What language are you speaking?  No, [laughter] What language are you speaking?  No, [laughter] What language are you speaking?  No, what is there to laugh about in this?  Why are you what is there to laugh about in this?  Why are you what is there to laugh about in this?  Why are you speaking English? speaking English? speaking English? Why are people not speaking English in India? Why are people not speaking English in India? Why are people not speaking English in India? How are you?   Yes. How are you?   Yes. How are you?   Yes. Welcome to India. Welcome to India. Welcome to India. I am alright!  No, not Welcome to India. I am alright!  No, not Welcome to India. I am alright!  No, not Welcome to India. Welcome to India. Welcome to India. Welcome to India. Welcome friend.  [laughter] Welcome friend.  [laughter] Welcome friend.  [laughter] Thank you.  [laughter] Come on. Thank you.  [laughter] Come on. Thank you.  [laughter] Come on. No, he loves India very, No, he loves India very, No, he loves India very, very much. very much. very much. Seeing this, I feel that the Seeing this, I feel that the Seeing this, I feel that the song he has sung, song he has sung, song he has sung, not all the songs he sings, all of them are very not all the songs he sings, all of them are very not all the songs he sings, all of them are very talented. talented. talented. Yes, he doesn't know the meaning of all the songs in Tamil, Malayalam, Marathi, Haryanvi, Yes, he doesn't know the meaning of all the songs in Tamil, Malayalam, Marathi, Haryanvi, Yes, he doesn't know the meaning of all the songs in Tamil, Malayalam, Marathi, Haryanvi, Punjabi, Hindi. Punjabi, Hindi. Right, right.   I do Right, right.   I do Right, right.   I do n't know the meaning of the songs but I know how to sing. n't know the meaning of the songs but I know how to sing. n't know the meaning of the songs but I know how to sing. But I learn first.  Before singing, I learn how to But I learn first.  Before singing, I learn how to But I learn first.  Before singing, I learn how to sing.  What does this line mean in this sing.  What does this line mean in this sing.  What does this line mean in this ?  I see everything like emotions etc.  I will say it again. ?  I see everything like emotions etc.  I will say it again. Well, looking at your body, I feel that Well, looking at your body, I feel that Well, looking at your body, I feel that you are probably dangerous in sports also. you are probably dangerous in sports also. you are probably dangerous in sports also. Boxing, running, everything I do. Boxing, running, everything I do. Boxing, running, everything I do. So brother, then a fight is inevitable with them. So brother, then a fight is inevitable with them. So brother, then a fight is inevitable with them. Whose fight? Whose fight? Whose fight? Saurabh's, Saurabh's, Saurabh's, not mine, Saurabh's. not mine, Saurabh's. not mine, Saurabh's. Then brother Saurabh's fight is arranged. Then brother Saurabh's fight is arranged. Then brother Saurabh's fight is arranged. Hey, they even fought in the episode. Hey, they even fought in the episode. Hey, they even fought in the episode. Good? Good? Good? Yes, they fought there very well. Yes, they fought there very well. Yes, they fought there very well. But friend Faisal, it was nice meeting you.   Adored.  I am But friend Faisal, it was nice meeting you.   Adored.  I am But friend Faisal, it was nice meeting you.   Adored.  I am very happy. very happy. very happy. You are multi-talented.   Yes.   Isn't it You are multi-talented.   Yes.   Isn't it You are multi-talented.   Yes.   Isn't it ?  Your voice, you adopted our culture ?  Your voice, you adopted our culture ?  Your voice, you adopted our culture so quickly.  Adored. so quickly.  Adored. so quickly.  Adored. How many years have you been in India?   It's been How many years have you been in India?   It's been How many years have you been in India?   It's been three years here. three years here. three years here. Brother, to speak so strongly in three years, to Brother, to speak so strongly in three years, to Brother, to speak so strongly in three years, to sing so strongly [laughs] sing so strongly [laughs] sing so strongly [laughs] this is love.  That's why I have love for India in my heart. this is love.  That's why I have love for India in my heart. What should I say, friend? What should I say, friend? What should I say, friend? Well, how are the people of India?  Good friend, Well, how are the people of India?  Good friend, Well, how are the people of India?  Good friend, just good, why did you say so, good? just good, why did you say so, good? just good, why did you say so, good? What does it mean?  Very good. What does it mean?  Very good. What does it mean?  Very good. Talk a lot.  Very good. Talk a lot.  Very good. Talk a lot.  Very good. No, it would be nice if I say it.  It would No, it would be nice if I say it.  It would No, it would be nice if I say it.  It would feel better if you said it.   You are feel better if you said it.   You are feel better if you said it.   You are looking very good. looking very good. I know that my channel will get 1 million or 2 million subscribers soon.  Well, there are I know that my channel will get 1 million or 2 million subscribers soon.  Well, there are I know that my channel will get 1 million or 2 million subscribers soon.  Well, there are 200 now. 200 now. 200 now. It will be done, it will be done.  So how are you feeling It will be done, it will be done.  So how are you feeling It will be done, it will be done.  So how are you feeling then how are you feeling in Hadwani?   Are you then how are you feeling in Hadwani?   Are you then how are you feeling in Hadwani?   Are you in Uttarakhand for the first time?   I have in Uttarakhand for the first time?   I have in Uttarakhand for the first time?   I have come for the first time.  For the first time. come for the first time.  For the first time. come for the first time.  For the first time. Yes. Yes. Yes. So how do you want to get married? So how do you want to get married? So how do you want to get married? From Indian tradition or how? From Indian tradition or how? From Indian tradition or how? This is This is This is Indian tradition because I said Indian tradition because I said Indian tradition because I said I like this glass here very much, so we will do it in Indian I like this glass here very much, so we will do it in Indian I like this glass here very much, so we will do it in Indian tradition only.   We tradition only.   We tradition only.   We will get the decoration done here.  [laughter] will get the decoration done here.  [laughter] will get the decoration done here.  [laughter] And is And is And is yes decoration yes decoration yes decoration one two three four or one two three four or one two three four or one two three four or one two three four or one two three four or what is the name of the song?  [laughs] It's the what is the name of the song?  [laughs] It's the what is the name of the song?  [laughs] It's the name of the song, name of the song, name of the song, but I told him to come and meet me, but I told him to come and meet me, but I told him to come and meet me, and look, he came to meet me today and we met.   It's great and look, he came to meet me today and we met.   It's great and look, he came to meet me today and we met.   It's great brother-in-law, I was enjoying it.   I was brother-in-law, I was enjoying it.   I was brother-in-law, I was enjoying it.   I was looking at you again and again.  I thought looking at you again and again.  I thought looking at you again and again.  I thought what will I tell Saurabh Joshi Bhaiya and take what will I tell Saurabh Joshi Bhaiya and take what will I tell Saurabh Joshi Bhaiya and take some photos, selfies etc. and then I will some photos, selfies etc. and then I will some photos, selfies etc. and then I will show them to him when I go home.  Look what your son has brought. show them to him when I go home.  Look what your son has brought. Learn a song from our Uttarakhand as well. Learn a song from our Uttarakhand as well. Learn a song from our Uttarakhand as well. Now, Now, Now, yes, you can teach me. yes, you can teach me. yes, you can teach me. Saurabh will teach me how to sing. Saurabh will teach me how to sing. Saurabh will teach me how to sing. Yes, teach me, he will sing two or three lines as well. Yes, teach me, he will sing two or three lines as well. Call Bedupa a Barmasa. Bedupa a Barmasa. Bedupa a Barmasa. Call Bedupa a Barmasa. Bedupa a Barmasa. Bedupa a Barmasa. Neither the Kafil Pachta Neither the Kafil Pachta Neither the Kafil Pachta nor the Kafil nor the Kafil nor the Kafil Pachta nor the Kafil Pak Cheta Pachta nor the Kafil Pak Cheta Pachta nor the Kafil Pak Cheta Meri Chela Meri Chela Meri Chela Meri Chela. I want to Meri Chela. I want to ask you something about the journey. ask you something about the journey. ask you something about the journey. From Tanzania to India, From Tanzania to India, From Tanzania to India, probably a journey of six or seven hours. I know, maybe [laughs]. I am asking you, today is not about your life's I am asking you, today is not about your life's I am asking you, today is not about your life's journey. Let me ask you one thing. journey. Let me ask you one thing. journey. Let me ask you one thing. Like, do you know Hindi? Like, do you know Hindi? Like, do you know Hindi? Yes, Yes, Yes, okay, okay, okay, but many people might think that but many people might think that but many people might think that you don't know Hindi, so you don't know Hindi, so you don't know Hindi, so they look at you and they look at you and they look at you and say something wrong in Hindi or say something wrong in Hindi or say something wrong in Hindi or make fun of you, sometimes, make fun of you, sometimes, make fun of you, sometimes, yes yes yes [coughing sound] [sound of clearing throat] [coughing sound] [sound of clearing throat] [coughing sound] [sound of clearing throat] yes, people make fun of you here, a lot of yes, people make fun of you here, a lot of yes, people make fun of you here, a lot of people still make fun of you, but what can we do, we people still make fun of you, but what can we do, we people still make fun of you, but what can we do, we just look at them as if there is no problem just look at them as if there is no problem just look at them as if there is no problem in life. They might in life. They might in life. They might think that you are not able to understand, yes that.  I think that you are not able to understand, yes that.  I think that you are not able to understand, yes that.  I mean, we think that he doesn't know Hindi, so he mean, we think that he doesn't know Hindi, so he mean, we think that he doesn't know Hindi, so he says something wrong says something wrong says something wrong and we don't say anything, we just like it and we don't say anything, we just like it and we don't say anything, we just like it because this thing happens, it happens in India because this thing happens, it happens in India because this thing happens, it happens in India or Africa or USA, so this happens everywhere, or Africa or USA, so this happens everywhere, this happens this happens this happens everywhere, so don't feel everywhere, so don't feel everywhere, so don't feel bad bad bad and what else, and what else, and what else, okay, so come on friends, let's have a okay, so come on friends, let's have a okay, so come on friends, let's have a nice dinner, guys, nice dinner, guys, nice dinner, guys, now let's have dinner, roti sabji, now let's have dinner, roti sabji, now let's have dinner, roti sabji, these brothers are in front and here Avantika and these brothers are in front and here Avantika and these brothers are in front and here Avantika and Beni, so guys, for now I am ending this vlog, if you Beni, so guys, for now I am ending this vlog, if you Beni, so guys, for now I am ending this vlog, if you like it then like it, if like it then like it, if like it then like it, if not on the channel then subscribe, we will meet not on the channel then subscribe, we will meet not on the channel then subscribe, we will meet in the next vlog, thank you so much for watching so