Brother, this is what I need.  Order it right now. Brother, this is what I need.  Order it right now. Brother, this is what I need.  Order it right now. So this is that glass kettle and look, there is a strainer attached to it. So this is that glass kettle and look, there is a strainer attached to it. So this is that glass kettle and look, there is a strainer attached to it. Come let's check Come let's check Come let's check how tea is made in this.  Ok.  So how tea is made in this.  Ok.  So how tea is made in this.  Ok.  So first of all add some water, first of all add some water, first of all add some water, some sugar and now add some some sugar and now add some some sugar and now add some tea leaves in it.  Meaning, there will be tea leaves in it.  Meaning, there will be tea leaves in it.  Meaning, there will be no need to filter the tea later using a strainer.  Now let's no need to filter the tea later using a strainer.  Now let's no need to filter the tea later using a strainer.  Now let's place the cattle on top of it.  And here friend, place the cattle on top of it.  And here friend, place the cattle on top of it.  And here friend, look at one thing, there is very little water here.  The look at one thing, there is very little water here.  The look at one thing, there is very little water here.  The height of the sieve is a little height of the sieve is a little height of the sieve is a little higher.  This means that one more cup of water will have to be added to it. higher.  This means that one more cup of water will have to be added to it. higher.  This means that one more cup of water will have to be added to it. If you are making tea for at least three-four people If you are making tea for at least three-four people If you are making tea for at least three-four people then tea can be made in this. then tea can be made in this. then tea can be made in this. And look friend, now the sieve is immersed in it. And look friend, now the sieve is immersed in it. And look friend, now the sieve is immersed in it. And look at the color of the tea, it has become a little And look at the color of the tea, it has become a little And look at the color of the tea, it has become a little brown.  Now add milk to it. brown.  Now add milk to it. brown.  Now add milk to it. And look friend, a lot of smoke is And look friend, a lot of smoke is And look friend, a lot of smoke is coming out of it.  But yes, whatever you see, this glass is coming out of it.  But yes, whatever you see, this glass is coming out of it.  But yes, whatever you see, this glass is borosilicate glass.  Meaning borosilicate glass.  Meaning borosilicate glass.  Meaning no tension at all.  You can put it on the gas. no tension at all.  You can put it on the gas. no tension at all.  You can put it on the gas. So now let's add this milk into it. So now let's add this milk into it. So now let's add this milk into it. And a second has fallen out a little bit. And a second has fallen out a little bit. And a second has fallen out a little bit. Now let's see what kind of tea is made in it. Now let's see what kind of tea is made in it. Now let's see what kind of tea is made in it. And look friend, your tea is ready.   Let's And look friend, your tea is ready.   Let's And look friend, your tea is ready.   Let's take it out in a cup and pour the take it out in a cup and pour the take it out in a cup and pour the tea.  And look at this, friend. tea.  And look at this, friend. tea.  And look at this, friend. Look at this brother. Look at this brother. Look at this brother. So yes, according to me, this So yes, according to me, this So yes, according to me, this cattle is absolutely worth the money.