Wood of Saviours.  Hello, ladies and hello, Wood of Saviours.  Hello, ladies and hello, Wood of Saviours.  Hello, ladies and hello, babies.  It's just an intro, it seems like babies.  It's just an intro, it seems like babies.  It's just an intro, it seems like you already get what we're talking about.  For you already get what we're talking about.  For you already get what we're talking about.  For today's video, we are here in today's video, we are here in today's video, we are here in Landers as you can see and I am in bed Landers as you can see and I am in bed Landers as you can see and I am in bed .  Yes, sir.  Why am I so tired? .  Yes, sir.  Why am I so tired? .  Yes, sir.  Why am I so tired? Because we're going to spend the night at the Because we're going to spend the night at the Because we're going to spend the night at the grocery store and there's nothing else here. grocery store and there's nothing else here. grocery store and there's nothing else here. Okay.  So we're just waiting for those who will Okay.  So we're just waiting for those who will Okay.  So we're just waiting for those who will join us.  Of course, join us.  Of course, join us.  Of course, Reynab and Conongy will be with us.  Yes. Reynab and Conongy will be with us.  Yes. Reynab and Conongy will be with us.  Yes. First time on my channel.  I'm super First time on my channel.  I'm super First time on my channel.  I'm super excited.  That's why the content should be explosive excited.  That's why the content should be explosive excited.  That's why the content should be explosive .  What could .  What could .  What could these two couples do inside a grocery store without these two couples do inside a grocery store without these two couples do inside a grocery store without anyone, without staff, without anyone, without staff, without anyone, without staff, without anything to do, maybe grocery shopping, eating, anything to do, maybe grocery shopping, eating, anything to do, maybe grocery shopping, eating, sleeping, whatever?  So I won't sleeping, whatever?  So I won't sleeping, whatever?  So I won't prolong this any longer.  I can only say one thing prolong this any longer.  I can only say one thing prolong this any longer.  I can only say one thing to the couple and of course we will be together for today, and of course we will be together for today, and of course we will be together for today, Cong, of course, my husband, I haven't been of course, my husband, I haven't been of course, my husband, I haven't been with him in the intro before, that's why Rab with him in the intro before, that's why Rab with him in the intro before, that's why Rab and Conong. What's up, and Conong. What's up, and Conong. What's up, sister?  What is sister?  What is sister?  What is your wedding? your wedding? your wedding? Perfect combination, right? Perfect combination, right? Perfect combination, right? I haven't told you yet, put it in, you're already I haven't told you yet, put it in, you're already I haven't told you yet, put it in, you're already insulted, you see, it's insulted, you see, it's insulted, you see, it's closed, closed, closed, how did you pay for that, how did you pay for that, how did you pay for that, that's why I said you don't want to go to that's why I said you don't want to go to that's why I said you don't want to go to our house, not for us to experience, you see, our house, not for us to experience, you see, we're already in a coma.  So if you we're already in a coma.  So if you we're already in a coma.  So if you sleep inside, you already know. sleep inside, you already know. sleep inside, you already know. Combi Rey, I can only say that Combi Rey, I can only say that Combi Rey, I can only say that I'm thrilled that I'm thrilled that I'm thrilled that my brother is now here on my channel. my brother is now here on my channel. my brother is now here on my channel. We're excited because it's our first time and We're excited because it's our first time and We're excited because it's our first time and we've been hanging out for a while. we've been hanging out for a while. we've been hanging out for a while. That's right.  It seems like That's right.  It seems like That's right.  It seems like my brother always does something like that when my brother always does something like that when my brother always does something like that when we hang out.  I'm so scared. we hang out.  I'm so scared. we hang out.  I'm so scared. Yes.  Hey, because Yes.  Hey, because Yes.  Hey, because Zainab and I had an experience where when we went out, Zainab and I had an experience where when we went out, Zainab and I had an experience where when we went out, Zab saw that we were going home. Zab saw that we were going home. Zab saw that we were going home. My brother is already there, as if he's picking me up.  Then My brother is already there, as if he's picking me up.  Then My brother is already there, as if he's picking me up.  Then I feel like my brother might think I feel like my brother might think I feel like my brother might think I'm a bi, they said it's not too much, it's just a few I'm a bi, they said it's not too much, it's just a few I'm a bi, they said it's not too much, it's just a few days away.  In 2018, days away.  In 2018, days away.  In 2018, I said I needed to get I said I needed to get I said I needed to get married so my brother would agree to be married so my brother would agree to be married so my brother would agree to be on my channel. on my channel. on my channel. Absolutely no one, yes sir.  What are Absolutely no one, yes sir.  What are Absolutely no one, yes sir.  What are we going to do here?  Maybe this can go home we going to do here?  Maybe this can go home we going to do here?  Maybe this can go home . . . If we want to go grocery shopping, go on a If we want to go grocery shopping, go on a If we want to go grocery shopping, go on a trip, find a place to sleep, trip, find a place to sleep, trip, find a place to sleep, we can do it.  That's why they have the lights on we can do it.  That's why they have the lights on we can do it.  That's why they have the lights on here.  Oh, nothing.  This can't be turned off, there's a here.  Oh, nothing.  This can't be turned off, there's a here.  Oh, nothing.  This can't be turned off, there's a plan.  There is a plan. plan.  There is a plan. plan.  There is a plan. This is fantasy on the This is fantasy on the This is fantasy on the other other other hand.  Here I am again. hand.  Here I am again. hand.  Here I am again. I'm getting infected with laughter again.  Hey, I'm getting infected with laughter again.  Hey, I'm getting infected with laughter again.  Hey, I hear about your wise fantasies.  You remember when I hear about your wise fantasies.  You remember when I hear about your wise fantasies.  You remember when you said you were beautiful. you said you were beautiful. you said you were beautiful. Dear, tell them now Dear, tell them now Dear, tell them now I have talent.  I'm good at I have talent.  I'm good at I have talent.  I'm good at concerts.  Tell me, have concerts.  Tell me, have concerts.  Tell me, have our wives been enlightened? our wives been enlightened? our wives been enlightened? You know You know You know what our wives' mouths are like, men are like that. what our wives' mouths are like, men are like that. what our wives' mouths are like, men are like that. Yes.  You think we don't get caught Yes.  You think we don't get caught Yes.  You think we don't get caught every night. every night. every night. Yes, indeed.  You'll be confused.  Hey, wait a minute. Yes, indeed.  You'll be confused.  Hey, wait a minute. Yes, indeed.  You'll be confused.  Hey, wait a minute. What do you want to What do you want to What do you want to eat?  Let's talk.  Where have we eat?  Let's talk.  Where have we eat?  Let's talk.  Where have we landed? landed? landed? What do you want to eat?  Or first thing is What do you want to eat?  Or first thing is What do you want to eat?  Or first thing is to find food.  Is it fun?  The to find food.  Is it fun?  The to find food.  Is it fun?  The fun. fun. fun. Your strength is free, Your strength is free, Your strength is free, Free.  Free.  Free.  Yes.  Whatever Free.  Free.  Free.  Yes.  Whatever Free.  Free.  Free.  Yes.  Whatever you take, it's not free.  I will pay you take, it's not free.  I will pay you take, it's not free.  I will pay .  But it's free for you.  Anything.   I .  But it's free for you.  Anything.   I .  But it's free for you.  Anything.   I love that car. Why is l a grocery store? Why is l a grocery store? Why is l a grocery store? Actually, we don't need the Actually, we don't need the Actually, we don't need the cart.  Here we go. cart.  Here we go. cart.  Here we go. Hey, he can afford to buy that. Hey, he can afford to buy that. Hey, he can afford to buy that. You are better.  Oh no.  What are you?  You know, I You are better.  Oh no.  What are you?  You know, I You are better.  Oh no.  What are you?  You know, I just started feeling like I had high blood pressure just started feeling like I had high blood pressure just started feeling like I had high blood pressure .  The stone hurts. .  The stone hurts. .  The stone hurts. We haven't even been together for 20 minutes. We haven't even been together for 20 minutes. We haven't even been together for 20 minutes. No, I think I saw something right away here No, I think I saw something right away here No, I think I saw something right away here . . . Yes.  I saw it right away.   This is a Yes.  I saw it right away.   This is a Yes.  I saw it right away.   This is a grocery store.  I will pay.   This is grocery store.  I will pay.   This is grocery store.  I will pay.   This is my thanks to the lander.   It's too much my thanks to the lander.   It's too much my thanks to the lander.   It's too much if we get a lot of it, it's the if we get a lot of it, it's the if we get a lot of it, it's the first time I've ever entered something like first time I've ever entered something like first time I've ever entered something like this, right? this, right? this, right? Good morning.  We Good morning.  We Good morning.  We only watch this in my movie, the beauty of colas is only watch this in my movie, the beauty of colas is only watch this in my movie, the beauty of colas is fruit, you want it, it's not allowed, let's not fruit, you want it, it's not allowed, let's not fruit, you want it, it's not allowed, let's not pretend, it's healthy when the pretend, it's healthy when the pretend, it's healthy when the couple is married, I'm not the only one, maybe I couple is married, I'm not the only one, maybe I couple is married, I'm not the only one, maybe I want to change my life, you can call me an want to change my life, you can call me an want to change my life, you can call me an athlete because hey, I athlete because hey, I athlete because hey, I remember, I'm past my bedtime, remember, I'm past my bedtime, remember, I'm past my bedtime, what's this, this fills us up, what's this, this fills us up, what's this, this fills us up, why can't bananas be sold per piece, it's why can't bananas be sold per piece, it's why can't bananas be sold per piece, it's okay, we'll take it home, we'll just okay, we'll take it home, we'll just okay, we'll take it home, we'll just take it because that's the take it because that's the take it because that's the tag.  Let's just not eat this. tag.  Let's just not eat this. tag.  Let's just not eat this. Of course there must be bananas. Of course there must be bananas. Of course there must be bananas. Yes, it's acidic Yes, it's acidic Yes, it's acidic because there's no CR here.  Is there a CR here?  That's what because there's no CR here.  Is there a CR here?  That's what because there's no CR here.  Is there a CR here?  That's what I'm curious about.  Maybe there's some I'm curious about.  Maybe there's some I'm curious about.  Maybe there's some fun there.  Hello.  Really.  Tell me fun there.  Hello.  Really.  Tell me fun there.  Hello.  Really.  Tell me why you said we're getting married.  It's not why you said we're getting married.  It's not why you said we're getting married.  It's not me anymore. me anymore. me anymore. Hey, why is he running around?  Hey, Hey, why is he running around?  Hey, Hey, why is he running around?  Hey, I left you alone.  He really took care of I left you alone.  He really took care of I left you alone.  He really took care of my son.  Is that Kidlat's favorite? my son.  Is that Kidlat's favorite? my son.  Is that Kidlat's favorite? He likes the red one.  The red one is sweet. He likes the red one.  The red one is sweet. He likes the red one.  The red one is sweet. My love, please speak.  It's not his My love, please speak.  It's not his My love, please speak.  It's not his body clock, guys.  I just forced body clock, guys.  I just forced body clock, guys.  I just forced him.  So, is Bell the quiet one in the morning? It's him.  So, is Bell the quiet one in the morning? It's him.  So, is Bell the quiet one in the morning? It's really 3:00 a.m. really 3:00 a.m. really 3:00 a.m. My body clock says I'm sleeping now.  What do My body clock says I'm sleeping now.  What do My body clock says I'm sleeping now.  What do you want? you want? you want? What? What? What? Oh, go ahead and take it. Oh, go ahead and take it. Oh, go ahead and take it. Go. Go. Go. Zinab will cook what we're going to eat Zinab will cook what we're going to eat Zinab will cook what we're going to eat tonight. tonight. tonight. Yes. Yes. Yes. What do you want?  Just cream cheese is enough What do you want?  Just cream cheese is enough What do you want?  Just cream cheese is enough . . . Yes.  What?  What do you want?  That's Yes.  What?  What do you want?  That's Yes.  What?  What do you want?  That's cream cheese, right? cream cheese, right? cream cheese, right? What kind of cream cheese is that?  I don't What kind of cream cheese is that?  I don't What kind of cream cheese is that?  I don't know that. There you go.  This.  This. There you go.  This.  This. There you go.  This.  This. Okay.  How many? Okay.  How many? Okay.  How many? M is just M is just M is just one one one love.  You know their cart is full. love.  You know their cart is full. love.  You know their cart is full. We only have one like this.  Did We only have one like this.  Did We only have one like this.  Did we really say that? we really say that? we really say that? Yes.  What can we eat? Yes.  What can we eat? Yes.  What can we eat? Wheat bread. Wheat bread. Wheat bread. Wheat bread.  There he is in Wheat bread.  There he is in Wheat bread.  There he is in his health. his health. his health. Wheat bread. Wheat bread. Wheat bread. No.  What we should do is find something No.  What we should do is find something No.  What we should do is find something we can cook because they have appliances we can cook because they have appliances we can cook because they have appliances . . . There you go.  Make me some calamari There you go.  Make me some calamari There you go.  Make me some calamari here. here. here. Maybe even if they let us go, they'll let us go Maybe even if they let us go, they'll let us go Maybe even if they let us go, they'll let us go . . . Hey, we don't have any water yet. Hey, we don't have any water yet. Hey, we don't have any water yet. There's coconut. There's coconut. There's coconut. Hey, can we drink that here? Hey, can we drink that here? Hey, can we drink that here? Zeab, Zeab, Zeab, can we drink this now? can we drink this now? can we drink this now? Yes, there is no cashier.  Where do we Yes, there is no cashier.  Where do we Yes, there is no cashier.  Where do we pay?  We'll put everything in pay?  We'll put everything in pay?  We'll put everything in one car and then have it all punched out one car and then have it all punched out one car and then have it all punched out .  So can I drink here? .  So can I drink here? .  So can I drink here? Yes, you can come, Yes, you can come, Yes, you can come, we'll ask the librarian first. we'll ask the librarian first. we'll ask the librarian first. Hey, it's delicious to drink coconut water at a Hey, it's delicious to drink coconut water at a Hey, it's delicious to drink coconut water at a grocery store that's closed.   They say that grocery store that's closed.   They say that grocery store that's closed.   They say that happiness is like a fantasy for happiness is like a fantasy for happiness is like a fantasy for young people, she's like, oh my god, young people, she's like, oh my god, young people, she's like, oh my god, I'm really happy right now.  We have a lot to I'm really happy right now.  We have a lot to I'm really happy right now.  We have a lot to do.  Hey, I see it now do.  Hey, I see it now do.  Hey, I see it now .   It's .   It's .   It's not just delicious because we're here at a not just delicious because we're here at a not just delicious because we're here at a closed grocery store. closed grocery store. closed grocery store. He is a fantasy.  It's He is a fantasy.  It's He is a fantasy.  It's free. free. free. You know, we're really good troops. You know, we're really good troops. You know, we're really good troops. I have acid reflux.  You're so good at inviting I have acid reflux.  You're so good at inviting I have acid reflux.  You're so good at inviting wine too.  I also make wine.  Oh yes, wine too.  I also make wine.  Oh yes, wine too.  I also make wine.  Oh yes, I have severe acid reflux because I eat one meal a day I have severe acid reflux because I eat one meal a day I have severe acid reflux because I eat one meal a day .  So he triggers before the .  So he triggers before the .  So he triggers before the first meal.  It's like first meal.  It's like first meal.  It's like my chon is begging for it.  Eat now.  Eat now.  I was my chon is begging for it.  Eat now.  Eat now.  I was my chon is begging for it.  Eat now.  Eat now.  I was forbidden from forbidden from forbidden from eating too much.  It's good to eating too much.  It's good to eating too much.  It's good to eat more, but only little by little. eat more, but only little by little. eat more, but only little by little. Mm.  No bombing.  No Mm.  No bombing.  No Mm.  No bombing.  No bombs.  No bombs.  I'm going to bomb.   I will bombs.  No bombs.  I'm going to bomb.   I will bombs.  No bombs.  I'm going to bomb.   I will bomb you.  Hey, okay.   My bomb you.  Hey, okay.   My bomb you.  Hey, okay.   My love, you know we need to learn from love, you know we need to learn from love, you know we need to learn from your silence.   Is your silence.   Is your silence.   Is n't he like that to you? n't he like that to you? n't he like that to you? He's like that when there's no one around. He's like that when there's no one around. He's like that when there's no one around. Pillow.  There's a pillow. Pillow.  There's a pillow. Pillow.  There's a pillow. Hey, your decision is right.  Take one.  Hey, that's Hey, your decision is right.  Take one.  Hey, that's Hey, your decision is right.  Take one.  Hey, that's two.  One by one. two.  One by one. two.  One by one. Oh, how nice it is to sleep. Oh, how nice it is to sleep. Oh, how nice it is to sleep. Why did you take it?  Where is it? Why did you take it?  Where is it? Why did you take it?  Where is it? That's two.  You are alone.  I love you. That's two.  You are alone.  I love you. That's two.  You are alone.  I love you. Why don't you choose a nice, quality Why don't you choose a nice, quality Why don't you choose a nice, quality pillow and let's sleep there.  Isn't pillow and let's sleep there.  Isn't pillow and let's sleep there.  Isn't there a phone here?   Do there a phone here?   Do there a phone here?   Do you want it tough?  I also want it to be you want it tough?  I also want it to be you want it tough?  I also want it to be hard. hard. hard. You know, those wives are so pig- You know, those wives are so pig- You know, those wives are so pig- mouthed. Those are the things he takes from you Those are the things he takes from you Those are the things he takes from you .  Zab's mouth is strong.  What? .  Zab's mouth is strong.  What? .  Zab's mouth is strong.  What? You're the only person who can talk like that You're the only person who can talk like that You're the only person who can talk like that .  That's right.  What is that, sister?  Sis, .  That's right.  What is that, sister?  Sis, .  That's right.  What is that, sister?  Sis, why?  Where are you?  Here. why?  Where are you?  Here. why?  Where are you?  Here. That's it, behave.  Let's find a king That's it, behave.  Let's find a king That's it, behave.  Let's find a king size to fit our bed.  How is size to fit our bed.  How is size to fit our bed.  How is this?  Queen.  Queen full. this?  Queen.  Queen full. this?  Queen.  Queen full. You know we need to take this down. You know we need to take this down. You know we need to take this down. Hey, we still don't have enough food.  You're so mean that Hey, we still don't have enough food.  You're so mean that Hey, we still don't have enough food.  You're so mean that you'll only feed me bananas and that's it you'll only feed me bananas and that's it you'll only feed me bananas and that's it .  Oh, .  Oh, .  Oh, you better stay away from there.  Oh you better stay away from there.  Oh you better stay away from there.  Oh basketball.  Hey, why basketball.  Hey, why basketball.  Hey, why play basketball?  You even challenged Rey play basketball?  You even challenged Rey play basketball?  You even challenged Rey here because the here because the here because the pair didn't know who to focus on. pair didn't know who to focus on. pair didn't know who to focus on. Hey, we don't have any sensible food and Hey, we don't have any sensible food and Hey, we don't have any sensible food and water water water later, what's the deal with that? later, what's the deal with that? later, what's the deal with that? The water was easy to find The water was easy to find The water was easy to find and Cong's cart was beautiful. and Cong's cart was beautiful. and Cong's cart was beautiful. Look.  Where can I Look.  Where can I Look.  Where can I put it, put it, put it, I want the two king I want the two king I want the two king sizes, did you take them?  It should be something sizes, did you take them?  It should be something sizes, did you take them?  It should be something you can take home.  This should be you can take home.  This should be you can take home.  This should be your king-size bed.  What is our bed? your king-size bed.  What is our bed? your king-size bed.  What is our bed? I don't know.  Oh oh oh oh oh.  Do I don't know.  Oh oh oh oh oh.  Do I don't know.  Oh oh oh oh oh.  Do you want a different color? you want a different color? you want a different color? Oh.  This.  This. Oh.  This.  This. Oh.  This.  This. How many?  Two. How many?  Two. How many?  Two. Just one.  Just one.  Just one of these. Just one.  Just one.  Just one of these. Just one.  Just one.  Just one of these. That's okay.  This is a win. That's okay.  This is a win. That's okay.  This is a win. Okay.  Next.  Cookies bread.  Maybe Okay.  Next.  Cookies bread.  Maybe Okay.  Next.  Cookies bread.  Maybe lightning is needed.  I don't have a lightning is needed.  I don't have a lightning is needed.  I don't have a gift for him yet.  I wasn't able to attend gift for him yet.  I wasn't able to attend gift for him yet.  I wasn't able to attend their birthday.  You're already one of us, so it's going to be hard to their birthday.  You're already one of us, so it's going to be hard to their birthday.  You're already one of us, so it's going to be hard to carry. carry. carry. The size of the kya The size of the kya The size of the kya sis.  I appreciate you.  But how can sis.  I appreciate you.  But how can sis.  I appreciate you.  But how can we, as a couple, bottle this?  It's not we, as a couple, bottle this?  It's not we, as a couple, bottle this?  It's not boxed.  Is this boxed.  Is this boxed.  Is this it? it? it? Yes, that's right.  Basketball, basketball, Yes, that's right.  Basketball, basketball, Yes, that's right.  Basketball, basketball, dear B. I saw water on dear B. I saw water on dear B. I saw water on stage, I just found it.  What kind of water is stage, I just found it.  What kind of water is stage, I just found it.  What kind of water is that?  'Why are you trying this ionized that?  'Why are you trying this ionized that?  'Why are you trying this ionized alkaline water essential plus, I'm just alkaline water essential plus, I'm just alkaline water essential plus, I'm just seeing what else is healthy about seeing what else is healthy about seeing what else is healthy about alkaline water?  Alkaline. alkaline water?  Alkaline. alkaline water?  Alkaline. That's great for acidic dry waters.   Is that That's great for acidic dry waters.   Is that That's great for acidic dry waters.   Is that right?  He's not honest, right?  He's not honest, right?  He's not honest, he has something better.  Yes, it varies.  Alkaline is alkaline, but he has something better.  Yes, it varies.  Alkaline is alkaline, but he has something better.  Yes, it varies.  Alkaline is alkaline, but I just see it as a different size. I just see it as a different size. I just see it as a different size. We are still in distinct, Zinop is already We are still in distinct, Zinop is already We are still in distinct, Zinop is already in alkaline.  We're not at in alkaline.  We're not at in alkaline.  We're not at that level yet.  Let's also do some that level yet.  Let's also do some that level yet.  Let's also do some camping camping movies for this, here's the camping camping movies for this, here's the content you want to watch content you want to watch content you want to watch so we can see if they'll be able so we can see if they'll be able so we can see if they'll be able to produce to produce to produce children first.  Oh, not a tent, a tent, a children first.  Oh, not a tent, a tent, a children first.  Oh, not a tent, a tent, a tent again.  Don't do it too soon. tent again.  Don't do it too soon. tent again.  Don't do it too soon. That's what I heard my wife say too That's what I heard my wife say too That's what I heard my wife say too .  Every word that comes out here makes .  Every word that comes out here makes .  Every word that comes out here makes me proud.  Haven't you me proud.  Haven't you me proud.  Haven't you gotten infected from your husband's mouth yet? gotten infected from your husband's mouth yet? gotten infected from your husband's mouth yet? I just kept quiet.  Or why? I just kept quiet.  Or why? I just kept quiet.  Or why? This also always bothers me This also always bothers me This also always bothers me .  So guys, my bangs are not in .  So guys, my bangs are not in .  So guys, my bangs are not in order because of too much excitement.  Hey, order because of too much excitement.  Hey, order because of too much excitement.  Hey, Cong and I just bonded like Cong and I just bonded like Cong and I just bonded like this.  Thank you so much, sister, for being this.  Thank you so much, sister, for being this.  Thank you so much, sister, for being here.  I'll buy you a poem.  I don't want here.  I'll buy you a poem.  I don't want here.  I'll buy you a poem.  I don't want you to trip me up.  I didn't need to you to trip me up.  I didn't need to you to trip me up.  I didn't need to trip you up? trip you up? trip you up? I don't cheat on my wife. I don't cheat on my wife. I don't cheat on my wife. That's all.  E. Hey hey hey don't be hey what don't be hey what you're eating hurry up I'll be there baby bye you're eating hurry up I'll be there baby bye you're eating hurry up I'll be there baby bye you let him have the strength of the right one come on you let him have the strength of the right one come on you let him have the strength of the right one come on the strength of the right one the strength of the right one the strength of the right one I'll get him I'll get him I'll get him or sig Reay to the rescue.  Bro, or sig Reay to the rescue.  Bro, or sig Reay to the rescue.  Bro, take care of yourself, bro.  Shoot him, okay, take care of yourself, bro.  Shoot him, okay, take care of yourself, bro.  Shoot him, okay, bro.  That's conditioning so that when you return bro.  That's conditioning so that when you return bro.  That's conditioning so that when you return to the league, we can get 10,000 steps. to the league, we can get 10,000 steps. to the league, we can get 10,000 steps. That's it, love, Reay will shoot you That's it, love, Reay will shoot you That's it, love, Reay will shoot you here. Bow.  This is even easier.  There you go.  These are the Bow.  This is even easier.  There you go.  These are the Bow.  This is even easier.  There you go.  These are the two.  There's the bow. two.  There's the bow. two.  There's the bow. Let's go.  Alan or that.  Or jump. Let's go.  Alan or that.  Or jump. Let's go.  Alan or that.  Or jump. This is the one that is raging.   It's This is the one that is raging.   It's This is the one that is raging.   It's crazy.  We are like children here.  Oh, how crazy.  We are like children here.  Oh, how crazy.  We are like children here.  Oh, how fun.  We can play fun.  We can play fun.  We can play this.  I just see it from somewhere.  We can't this.  I just see it from somewhere.  We can't this.  I just see it from somewhere.  We can't go camping.  Yes. go camping.  Yes. go camping.  Yes. Smart people are not good either.  Yes, indeed Smart people are not good either.  Yes, indeed Smart people are not good either.  Yes, indeed .  Oh, let's play a game.  Let's see .  Oh, let's play a game.  Let's see .  Oh, let's play a game.  Let's see who will win.  Please allow who will win.  Please allow who will win.  Please allow us to go on our trip first.  We will give it to you us to go on our trip first.  We will give it to you us to go on our trip first.  We will give it to you . . . Okay.  Rock rock pic.  Who will go first?  Stone Okay.  Rock rock pic.  Who will go first?  Stone Okay.  Rock rock pic.  Who will go first?  Stone stone pick.  Yes, we are the black team stone pick.  Yes, we are the black team stone pick.  Yes, we are the black team or or or you, let 's let them be happy first, 's let them be happy first, 's let them be happy first, break it, break it, break it, sorry, sorry, sorry, let's keep fighting back let's keep fighting back let's keep fighting back as if we were already winning, square by as if we were already winning, square by as if we were already winning, square by square, we'll lose, we'll lose, we'll lose, I didn't think I got a grade two, I didn't think I got a grade two, I didn't think I got a grade two, I just thought your brain was asleep, this is a bit intense, huh. intense, huh. intense, huh. No one speaks because no one wants No one speaks because no one wants No one speaks because no one wants to lose. Come back with the Come back with the Come back with the correct outfit. correct outfit. correct outfit. Back. Back. Back. There you go.  1 2 3 4 Okay, okay, okay, sleepy, getting There you go.  1 2 3 4 Okay, okay, okay, sleepy, getting married, married, married, Hey, he's happy, he's happy, in Hey, he's happy, he's happy, in Hey, he's happy, he's happy, in fairness, the competitiveness came out, fairness, the competitiveness came out, fairness, the competitiveness came out, wow, help me here, B test, let's go there wow, help me here, B test, let's go there wow, help me here, B test, let's go there .  No, no.  No no no .  No, no.  No no no .  No, no.  No no no no two are big.  Of course, no two are big.  Of course, no two are big.  Of course, we know how to handle things like that, sis. we know how to handle things like that, sis. we know how to handle things like that, sis. That's right, we're on their trip. That's right, we're on their trip. That's right, we're on their trip. Okay, kids, you might get lost in that.   What can Okay, kids, you might get lost in that.   What can Okay, kids, you might get lost in that.   What can I do?  Grill. I do?  Grill. I do?  Grill. Grilled. Grilled. Grilled. I said why I said why I said why Kobe Kobe Kobe Kobe Kobe Kobe Kobe. Hey, where will it hit?  Oh, Hey, where will it hit?  Oh, Hey, where will it hit?  Oh, even if you just hit it even if you just hit it even if you just hit it .  That's what the stone is like.  It looks like this. .  That's what the stone is like.  It looks like this. .  That's what the stone is like.  It looks like this. Yes.  It seems like that, I really don't know. Yes.  It seems like that, I really don't know. Yes.  It seems like that, I really don't know. You did that, so what You did that, so what ?  It's not like if you hit him, ?  It's not like if you hit him, ?  It's not like if you hit him, that's three points. So one point one point So one point one point So one point one point you threw him away then there was a little you threw him away then there was a little you threw him away then there was a little twist so he could have lunch. twist so he could have lunch. twist so he could have lunch. So two point So two point So two point 2 one yes first to 10 okay 2 one yes first to 10 okay 2 one yes first to 10 okay hey still got stronger cameraman even though you hit him hey still got stronger cameraman even though you hit him hey still got stronger cameraman even though you hit him .  What should be here?  He went up to .  What should be here?  He went up to .  What should be here?  He went up to Yes, just go up, just go up. Yes, just go up, just go up. Yes, just go up, just go up. Just come up. Just come up. Just come up. Oh, look at Oh, look at Oh, look at GGI too.  What is that and sports? GGI too.  What is that and sports? GGI too.  What is that and sports? If you shoot, you get more points.  Three If you shoot, you get more points.  Three If you shoot, you get more points.  Three points. points. points. Three.  That's three points. Three.  That's three points. Three.  That's three points. Hey, Hey, Hey, oh. Ah, short Ah, short Ah, short class. How is it done?  Look, I hit that.  Hit me I hit that.  Hit me I hit that.  Hit me so I can push it.  How can I hit so I can push it.  How can I hit so I can push it.  How can I hit that?  I can't even put it in the box. Hey, Hey, Hey, hit. hit. hit. Are you angry?  I can't shoot.  Oh, Are you angry?  I can't shoot.  Oh, Are you angry?  I can't shoot.  Oh, finally. finally. finally. It's me. Game ball.   He even shot the last one he didn't give us when shot the last one he didn't give us when shot the last one he didn't give us when we were playing we were playing we were playing .  Prove who you are to make .  Prove who you are to make .  Prove who you are to make jokes. jokes. jokes. Or you didn't win earlier.  At least Or you didn't win earlier.  At least Or you didn't win earlier.  At least we are all one now.  All one all one.  All one we are all one now.  All one all one.  All one we are all one now.  All one all one.  All one or I did n't do what I did earlier.  Why n't do what I did earlier.  Why n't do what I did earlier.  Why was it taught?  It's just late.  They don't was it taught?  It's just late.  They don't was it taught?  It's just late.  They don't teach, they teach solidly the first time teach, they teach solidly the first time teach, they teach solidly the first time .  Brother, when you have another match on .  Brother, when you have another match on .  Brother, when you have another match on ABS-CBN, you will make this your trainer.  Yes, ABS-CBN, you will make this your trainer.  Yes, ABS-CBN, you will make this your trainer.  Yes, you know that, man.  Oh, shot.  There's you know that, man.  Oh, shot.  There's you know that, man.  Oh, shot.  There's Alfonso there.  There is Alfonso. Alfonso there.  There is Alfonso. Alfonso there.  There is Alfonso. No more.  No one drinks here anymore. No more.  No one drinks here anymore. No more.  No one drinks here anymore. Are Sister B and I retired?  Yes, no more.   There are Are Sister B and I retired?  Yes, no more.   There are Are Sister B and I retired?  Yes, no more.   There are no more drinks like that no more drinks like that no more drinks like that .  Okay.  The next thing we need to do is .  Okay.  The next thing we need to do is .  Okay.  The next thing we need to do is be a chair there because we're going to set up be a chair there because we're going to set up be a chair there because we're going to set up our food?  Let's go on a our food?  Let's go on a our food?  Let's go on a food trip.  We haven't had a food trip. food trip.  We haven't had a food trip. food trip.  We haven't had a food trip. Yes, indeed.  We only have bananas.  What Yes, indeed.  We only have bananas.  What Yes, indeed.  We only have bananas.  What we need, sister, is bread. we need, sister, is bread. we need, sister, is bread. Yes, Yes, Yes, there is.   I think this will there is.   I think this will there is.   I think this will make healthy food. make healthy food. make healthy food. Turkeys are arrogant.  We have nothing to Turkeys are arrogant.  We have nothing to Turkeys are arrogant.  We have nothing to contribute.  What can we give? contribute.  What can we give? contribute.  What can we give? I told you to make calamari. I told you to make calamari. I told you to make calamari. You don't have any meat there.  They warned us that You don't have any meat there.  They warned us that You don't have any meat there.  They warned us that we would burn.  These are we would burn.  These are we would burn.  These are camping chairs.  Choose a color.  There's camping chairs.  Choose a color.  There's camping chairs.  Choose a color.  There's black, there's burgundy, there's green.  What black, there's burgundy, there's green.  What black, there's burgundy, there's green.  What color do you want it to be?  That's it.  It is color do you want it to be?  That's it.  It is color do you want it to be?  That's it.  It is black.  Yes.  There you go.  So black.  Yes.  There you go.  So black.  Yes.  There you go.  So we can sit down somewhere because what we're doing is tiring. we can sit down somewhere because what we're doing is tiring. we can sit down somewhere because what we're doing is tiring. We can take 10,000 steps here. We can take 10,000 steps here. We can take 10,000 steps here. too big. too big. too big. You know we haven't gotten to that You know we haven't gotten to that You know we haven't gotten to that part yet.   Are part yet.   Are part yet.   Are you tired?  Be quiet. you tired?  Be quiet. you tired?  Be quiet. Yes, indeed.  I'm tired. Yes, indeed.  I'm tired. Yes, indeed.  I'm tired. The boys are just recharging.  Go get some food. The boys are just recharging.  Go get some food. The boys are just recharging.  Go get some food. We're going to set up the lights in the We're going to set up the lights in the We're going to set up the lights in the house.  Light? house.  Light? house.  Light? Light of the house.   Do Light of the house.   Do Light of the house.   Do you think there is a hole? you think there is a hole? you think there is a hole? Mouth. Mouth. Mouth. Actually, Actually, Actually, these are the mouths of the home. these are the mouths of the home. I'll fix it.  Just buy food.  Tied up. I'll fix it.  Just buy food.  Tied up. I'll fix it.  Just buy food.  Tied up. You know you can have a movie rom. You know you can have a movie rom. You know you can have a movie rom. You don't want to produce a movie.  I love You don't want to produce a movie.  I love You don't want to produce a movie.  I love watching movies, sis.  You can do that watching movies, sis.  You can do that watching movies, sis.  You can do that no matter what kind of trip you're going on no matter what kind of trip you're going on no matter what kind of trip you're going on .  You can do it.  Everything about how cute .  You can do it.  Everything about how cute .  You can do it.  Everything about how cute my wife is, how I got my wife is, how I got my wife is, how I got married, married, married, your channel is full of her.  Yes, your channel is full of her.  Yes, your channel is full of her.  Yes, no.  Mm.  It's like he's a branch of his channel, no.  Mm.  It's like he's a branch of his channel, no.  Mm.  It's like he's a branch of his channel, my channel is a my channel is a my channel is a branch.  What should we do?  Let's fix what branch.  What should we do?  Let's fix what branch.  What should we do?  Let's fix what we have.  We're here so we have.  We're here so we have.  We're here so the seat is there. You know I can really sleep at 4:00. You know I can really sleep at 4:00. You know I can really sleep at 4:00. At least At least At least you didn't see me sleeping, really sleeping.  In you didn't see me sleeping, really sleeping.  In you didn't see me sleeping, really sleeping.  In fairness, no, we haven't fairness, no, we haven't fairness, no, we haven't been camping yet, we're camping in the been camping yet, we're camping in the been camping yet, we're camping in the lander. lander. lander. Okay, that's fine. Okay, that's fine. Okay, that's fine. What is sleeping? What is sleeping? What is sleeping? I am sleeping.  4:00 5:00.  But earlier I am sleeping.  4:00 5:00.  But earlier I am sleeping.  4:00 5:00.  But earlier I slept because I felt like I needed it, I slept because I felt like I needed it, I slept because I felt like I needed it, I said I need strength for what it is, I said I need strength for what it is, I said I need strength for what it is, 4 in the morning, 4 in the morning, 4 in the morning, yes I went to sleep, I wake up around 10 or yes I went to sleep, I wake up around 10 or yes I went to sleep, I wake up around 10 or 11 in the morning, 11 in the morning, 11 in the morning, so you sleep 5 or 6 hours, so you sleep 5 or 6 hours, so you sleep 5 or 6 hours, yes 10 or 11 is hard, yes 10 or 11 is hard, yes 10 or 11 is hard, 12 is 12 is 12 is hard, because you are an athlete, you hard, because you are an athlete, you hard, because you are an athlete, you need 8 hours of sleep, need 8 hours of sleep, need 8 hours of sleep, really 8 hours of sleep, really 8 hours of sleep, really 8 hours of sleep, really 8 hours to be really full, if really 8 hours to be really full, if really 8 hours to be really full, if your head hurts too much, you can do your head hurts too much, you can do your head hurts too much, you can do that, 5 is enough, but he really doesn't that, 5 is enough, but he really doesn't that, 5 is enough, but he really doesn't want it. want it. want it. Beer, brother, I'm already negative about beer. Beer, brother, I'm already negative about beer. Beer, brother, I'm already negative about beer. I found potato chips.  On the other hand, I think I found potato chips.  On the other hand, I think I found potato chips.  On the other hand, I think they'll take this.  Banana chips. they'll take this.  Banana chips. they'll take this.  Banana chips. That's too healthy for them.  Ah, That's too healthy for them.  Ah, That's too healthy for them.  Ah, they need to eat those they need to eat those they need to eat those things. things. things. Mm. Mm. Mm. This is delicious, worth trying. This is delicious, worth trying. This is delicious, worth trying. What is this?   Is What is this?   Is What is this?   Is he he he really Chips? really Chips? really Chips? Mm.  That's a win, hunters. Mm.  That's a win, hunters. Mm.  That's a win, hunters. Bia loves that kind of thing.  The Bia loves that kind of thing.  The really spicy ones?  He's getting spicy. really spicy ones?  He's getting spicy. really spicy ones?  He's getting spicy. Mm. Mm. Mm. How old is he?  Five? How old is he?  Five? How old is he?  Five? Six five when you fry tilapia, Six five when you fry tilapia, Six five when you fry tilapia, she's tired of it, Bi is really spicy, she's tired of it, Bi is really spicy, Lucas is not, oh, just right, Lucas is not, oh, just right, Lucas is not, oh, just right, Viia is more spicy. Viia is more spicy. Viia is more spicy. He is really looking for it. He is really looking for it. He is really looking for it. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mm.  But how is Kitkat?  He doesn't like Mm.  But how is Kitkat?  He doesn't like Mm.  But how is Kitkat?  He doesn't like spicy food because when he was a child, spicy food because when he was a child, spicy food because when he was a child, we were on a plane once.  B tried we were on a plane once.  B tried we were on a plane once.  B tried some food without B being aware that some food without B being aware that some food without B being aware that the food was spicy. the food was spicy. the food was spicy. He was so surprised that he looked like he was 2 years old He was so surprised that he looked like he was 2 years old He was so surprised that he looked like he was 2 years old .  He cried on the plane because .  He cried on the plane because .  He cried on the plane because he seemed to be traumatized so when he seemed to be traumatized so when he seemed to be traumatized so when we said it was spicy he didn't get we said it was spicy he didn't get we said it was spicy he didn't get upset anymore now when he has upset anymore now when he has upset anymore now when he has something he wants to eat something he wants to eat something he wants to eat we say spicy he didn't get we say spicy he didn't get we say spicy he didn't get upset anymore upset anymore upset anymore wow wow wow oh sweet oh sweet oh sweet you know we bought this potato here you know we bought this potato here you know we bought this potato here we've been going around for a while oh potato we've been going around for a while oh potato we've been going around for a while oh potato what is that bread what does it taste like what is that bread what does it taste like what is that bread what does it taste like you know I want real food you know I want real food you know I want real food I'm hungry it's I'm hungry it's I'm hungry it's not tasty you seem stingy you not tasty you seem stingy you not tasty you seem stingy you seem like seem like seem like you won't like this why why oh why oh you won't like this why why oh why oh you won't like this why why oh why oh your traffic I'll get your chips.  Just wait, your traffic I'll get your chips.  Just wait, your traffic I'll get your chips.  Just wait, I'll get your chips here.  It seems like it.  Okay guys, I'll get your chips here.  It seems like it.  Okay guys, I'll get your chips here.  It seems like it.  Okay guys, I'm okay here.  You're seventy, I'm okay here.  You're seventy, I'm okay here.  You're seventy, right?  Just a claimant. right?  Just a claimant. right?  Just a claimant. We save everything we take, even the We save everything we take, even the We save everything we take, even the trash.  Because trash.  Because trash.  Because we will pay for this.  So you might think we will pay for this.  So you might think we will pay for this.  So you might think we're wasting our time on groceries.  Well, if we're wasting our time on groceries.  Well, if we're wasting our time on groceries.  Well, if possible, we don't mess up and possible, we don't mess up and possible, we don't mess up and we put the things we move back to their rightful place we put the things we move back to their rightful place we put the things we move back to their rightful place .  So thank you so much for .  So thank you so much for .  So thank you so much for sharing our trip.  It's clear. sharing our trip.  It's clear. sharing our trip.  It's clear. Nothing.  Just warm up for now.  He used to Nothing.  Just warm up for now.  He used to Nothing.  Just warm up for now.  He used to come home around 9:00 in the morning.  Because this is just a 5:00 come home around 9:00 in the morning.  Because this is just a 5:00 come home around 9:00 in the morning.  Because this is just a 5:00 warm-up.  There's no alcohol when there's warm-up.  There's no alcohol when there's warm-up.  There's no alcohol when there's alcohol.  Because if you have alcohol, you won't alcohol.  Because if you have alcohol, you won't alcohol.  Because if you have alcohol, you won't really get sleepy. really get sleepy. really get sleepy. Really?  That makes me sleepier Really?  That makes me sleepier Really?  That makes me sleepier .  What has changed between you two .  What has changed between you two .  What has changed between you two now that you both have children?  You can't now that you both have children?  You can't now that you both have children?  You can't make decisions on make decisions on make decisions on your own, those spontaneous plans your own, those spontaneous plans your own, those spontaneous plans .  Because, for example, especially in .  Because, for example, especially in .  Because, for example, especially in our work, they will be harmed if they are implicated our work, they will be harmed if they are implicated our work, they will be harmed if they are implicated .  Yes.  So our nonsense is funny, .  Yes.  So our nonsense is funny, .  Yes.  So our nonsense is funny, but that's what makes it but that's what makes it but that's what makes it different now.  Now different now.  Now different now.  Now we think more before we do anything. we think more before we do anything. we think more before we do anything. Because we used to be girls, Because we used to be girls, Because we used to be girls, so when they grow up, they can so when they grow up, they can so when they grow up, they can see that.  When they saw that, they said, " see that.  When they saw that, they said, " see that.  When they saw that, they said, " Oh, my mother used to be like that."  So Oh, my mother used to be like that."  So Oh, my mother used to be like that."  So he's not a good example. he's not a good example. he's not a good example. That's why I'm going to delete That's why I'm going to delete That's why I'm going to delete my other videos.   Did my other videos.   Did my other videos.   Did you know that we watched you know that we watched you know that we watched our first video in the asylum our first video in the asylum our first video in the asylum 7 years ago? 7 years ago? 7 years ago? That's terrible.  7 years ago. That's terrible.  7 years ago. That's terrible.  7 years ago. You're still chubby, aren't you? You're still chubby, aren't you? You're still chubby, aren't you? Yes, yes.  It's like we smell sour, but Yes, yes.  It's like we smell sour, but Yes, yes.  It's like we smell sour, but our faces are different our faces are different our faces are different .  Now the glow up is serious.  Is that how a .  Now the glow up is serious.  Is that how a .  Now the glow up is serious.  Is that how a ring is put on ring is put on ring is put on someone's heart when they love him/her? someone's heart when they love him/her? someone's heart when they love him/her? Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. You guys are getting married now, You guys are getting married now, what has changed for you guys and what are what has changed for you guys and what are what has changed for you guys and what are you happiest about it? you happiest about it? you happiest about it? For me, that sense of family is really what For me, that sense of family is really what For me, that sense of family is really what I was looking for.  I'm just a kid so I was looking for.  I'm just a kid so I was looking for.  I'm just a kid so I'm ready.  Saaba family when I'm ready.  Saaba family when I'm ready.  Saaba family when you three came into my life.  So maybe that you three came into my life.  So maybe that you three came into my life.  So maybe that 's the biggest thing for me. 's the biggest thing for me. 's the biggest thing for me. Patience just grows.  Really patient. Patience just grows.  Really patient. Patience just grows.  Really patient. Patience is awesome when it's really, Patience is awesome when it's really, Patience is awesome when it's really, really patience.  Actually that's what we always really patience.  Actually that's what we always really patience.  Actually that's what we always lose.  He's running out of patience with lose.  He's running out of patience with lose.  He's running out of patience with me because we both have different energy levels me because we both have different energy levels me because we both have different energy levels .  Okay.  Yes, because he is an unknown aspect .  Okay.  Yes, because he is an unknown aspect .  Okay.  Yes, because he is an unknown aspect of our lives.  What is it like to have a of our lives.  What is it like to have a of our lives.  What is it like to have a child of a child?  So it's like child of a child?  So it's like child of a child?  So it's like he's a test of your new personality because he's a test of your new personality because he's a test of your new personality because he's completely different from what he's completely different from what he's completely different from what you're used to because you're used to because you're used to because you're going to be a father, this is where you'll learn you're going to be a father, this is where you'll learn you're going to be a father, this is where you'll learn patience.  You can learn a lot, patience.  You can learn a lot, patience.  You can learn a lot, especially while traveling with especially while traveling with especially while traveling with your kids.  Because that's where you'll feel your kids.  Because that's where you'll feel your kids.  Because that's where you'll feel all the hardships of traveling with all the hardships of traveling with all the hardships of traveling with children.  And the fun, of course, is children.  And the fun, of course, is children.  And the fun, of course, is the most delicious of all the the most delicious of all the the most delicious of all the memories. memories. memories. Those memories are what you are Those memories are what you are Those memories are what you are as a person, what you will grow into.  Because as a person, what you will grow into.  Because as a person, what you will grow into.  Because you will learn how to do what you need to do, you will learn how to do what you need to do, you will learn how to do what you need to do, what kind of patience what kind of patience what kind of patience you need to have.  "You don't you need to have.  "You don't you need to have.  "You don't expect that you have that kind of expect that you have that kind of expect that you have that kind of patience. Before, small patience. Before, small patience. Before, small things used to irritate you, but now that you have a child, that's things used to irritate you, but now that you have a child, that's things used to irritate you, but now that you have a child, that's no longer possible. no longer possible. no longer possible. Your patience must be on a different level." Your patience must be on a different level." Your patience must be on a different level." So those are the ones that seem to have improved So those are the ones that seem to have improved So those are the ones that seem to have improved us, as for me personally, as for us, as for me personally, as for us, as for me personally, as for me, I also agree on me, I also agree on me, I also agree on that point, the three of us.  Yes, it's not different, that point, the three of us.  Yes, it's not different, that point, the three of us.  Yes, it's not different, why are you with us? But you're why are you with us? But you're why are you with us? But you're with me, you're also with my brother's patience, with me, you're also with my brother's patience, with me, you're also with my brother's patience, so he'll give you patience, because so he'll give you patience, because so he'll give you patience, because the two are still young. I the two are still young. I the two are still young. I feel like he's more patient with feel like he's more patient with feel like he's more patient with me than with the kids, because with the me than with the kids, because with the me than with the kids, because with the kids, when he loses his patience, kids, when he loses his patience, kids, when he loses his patience, he can scold me, tell me off. It's really he can scold me, tell me off. It's really he can scold me, tell me off. It's really not his patience. I can see that not his patience. I can see that not his patience. I can see that his hand is shaking sometimes, his hand is shaking sometimes, his hand is shaking sometimes, because sometimes, so that he doesn't have any more because sometimes, so that he doesn't have any more because sometimes, so that he doesn't have any more patience. Ah, patience. Ah, patience. Ah, I thought, I thought, because one day, I thought, I thought, because one day, I thought, I thought, because one day, I told you I told you I told you what happened what happened what happened when you were working. when you were working. when you were working. Yes, Yes, Yes, I'm so tired.  He wants I'm so tired.  He wants I'm so tired.  He wants to play, daddy, can you put down your to play, daddy, can you put down your to play, daddy, can you put down your cellphone please?  Ah yes, cellphone please?  Ah yes, cellphone please?  Ah yes, children are like that because when you're on the phone, children are like that because when you're on the phone, children are like that because when you're on the phone, sometimes they demand attention, but sometimes they demand attention, but sometimes they demand attention, but especially in our line of work, we're especially in our line of work, we're especially in our line of work, we're also on the phone.  So what did he tell also on the phone.  So what did he tell also on the phone.  So what did he tell you? I checked my emails, right? Is you? I checked my emails, right? Is you? I checked my emails, right? Is n't that the contracts? n't that the contracts? n't that the contracts? He said, "Daddy, can you put down He said, "Daddy, can you put down He said, "Daddy, can you put down your phone?"  I want to play. your phone?"  I want to play. your phone?"  I want to play. I hung up the phone immediately. I hung up the phone immediately. I hung up the phone immediately. I felt like I could feel I felt like I could feel I felt like I could feel his genuineness, when he was acting like that.  I said, his genuineness, when he was acting like that.  I said, his genuineness, when he was acting like that.  I said, "Yes, work will be later." "Yes, work will be later." "Yes, work will be later." And honestly, we won't have a And honestly, we won't have a And honestly, we won't have a hard time making decisions like that hard time making decisions like that hard time making decisions like that if you know your priorities.  Mm. if you know your priorities.  Mm. if you know your priorities.  Mm. Because you know our children are your priority Because you know our children are your priority Because you know our children are your priority .  You know Viia is your priority .  You know Viia is your priority .  You know Viia is your priority .  So when he asked if .  So when he asked if .  So when he asked if you could put your phone down, you could put your phone down, you could put your phone down, you were able to decide quickly you were able to decide quickly you were able to decide quickly because you knew your priorities. because you knew your priorities. because you knew your priorities. He's just a good reminder.  I think He's just a good reminder.  I think He's just a good reminder.  I think I appreciate him for being like that. I appreciate him for being like that. I appreciate him for being like that. Ask questions. Ask questions. Ask questions. Yes, ask.  Daddy, can you put on your Yes, ask.  Daddy, can you put on your Yes, ask.  Daddy, can you put on your phone please?  I want to play.  You're right, phone please?  I want to play.  You're right, phone please?  I want to play.  You're right, son.  You're right.  Thank you for son.  You're right.  Thank you for son.  You're right.  Thank you for spending my time.  Spend time.  Well, it's leaving now spending my time.  Spend time.  Well, it's leaving now spending my time.  Spend time.  Well, it's leaving now .  Yes, indeed.  He's only a few days old.  Three. .  Yes, indeed.  He's only a few days old.  Three. .  Yes, indeed.  He's only a few days old.  Three. Yes.  And then there's what you said earlier, Yes.  And then there's what you said earlier, Yes.  And then there's what you said earlier, I had an experience with Kidlat. I had an experience with Kidlat. I had an experience with Kidlat. Anyway, I'm doing live selling. Anyway, I'm doing live selling. Anyway, I'm doing live selling. After I sold live, she cried. After I sold live, she cried. After I sold live, she cried. He said, "I'm going to put him to sleep, He said, "I'm going to put him to sleep, He said, "I'm going to put him to sleep, "Mommy, put me to sleep first." Oh, "Mommy, put me to sleep first." Oh, "Mommy, put me to sleep first." Oh, I put him to sleep. My plan was to I put him to sleep. My plan was to I put him to sleep. My plan was to just put him to sleep and then I'll come down. just put him to sleep and then I'll come down. just put him to sleep and then I'll come down. He asked me. He was already lying down. He said, He asked me. He was already lying down. He said, He asked me. He was already lying down. He said, "Mommy, why are you working?" "Mommy, why are you working?" "Mommy, why are you working?" I said, "So we can buy some I said, "So we can buy some I said, "So we can buy some toys.  We can go to Japan, toys.  We can go to Japan, toys.  We can go to Japan, you can have a birthday, you can go on an airplane." you can have a birthday, you can go on an airplane." you can have a birthday, you can go on an airplane." He sat down. He said, "Mommy, haven't He sat down. He said, "Mommy, haven't He sat down. He said, "Mommy, haven't we been to Japan?  I have so many we been to Japan?  I have so many we been to Japan?  I have so many Spider-Man.  "I've had a birthday." Spider-Man.  "I've had a birthday." Spider-Man.  "I've had a birthday." That's right. That's right. That's right. Do you know what I did? Do you know what I did? Do you know what I did? Seriously, Seriously, Seriously, you ended the live? you ended the live? you ended the live? I didn't go live I didn't go live I didn't go live . . . I put him to sleep. It's great. I put him to sleep. It's great. I put him to sleep. It's great. They remind us of the real They remind us of the real They remind us of the real situation situation situation of what is of what is of what is really important. That's true really important. That's true really important. That's true because sometimes we are so busy with the speed because sometimes we are so busy with the speed because sometimes we are so busy with the speed of life with so much to do, with the of life with so much to do, with the of life with so much to do, with the content we think about like this and that, content we think about like this and that, content we think about like this and that, right? It's right? It's right? It's draining sometimes. It's like when draining sometimes. It's like when draining sometimes. It's like when they're there, it's like we're being recharged. they're there, it's like we're being recharged. they're there, it's like we're being recharged. Yes. Then you'll see them there, Yes. Then you'll see them there, Yes. Then you'll see them there, they'll remind you that these are the they'll remind you that these are the they'll remind you that these are the important little moments important little moments important little moments that are happening in our lives right now, that are happening in our lives right now, that are happening in our lives right now, especially with the kids. especially with the kids. especially with the kids. Besides, how can you Besides, how can you Besides, how can you avoid it because there's also mom and dad guilt that's avoid it because there's also mom and dad guilt that's avoid it because there's also mom and dad guilt that's called that. So it seems like called that. So it seems like called that. So it seems like you can avoid it. I think all you can avoid it. I think all you can avoid it. I think all parents have experienced that, especially when parents have experienced that, especially when parents have experienced that, especially when we work. We we work. We we work. We feel like that every time feel like that every time feel like that every time we can't give them what they want. we can't give them what they want. we can't give them what they want. So it's like when they say something, it's So it's like when they say something, it's So it's like when they say something, it's automatic, right away, right away. automatic, right away, right away. automatic, right away, right away. Especially with toys, for example Especially with toys, for example Especially with toys, for example although I try to control it but although I try to control it but although I try to control it but you know it seems like you feel like that's the you know it seems like you feel like that's the you know it seems like you feel like that's the way to get back at them. But in way to get back at them. But in way to get back at them. But in short, it's short, it's short, it's so fulfilling, it feels so fulfilling, it feels so fulfilling, it feels so happy. You make your child happy, so happy. You make your child happy, so happy. You make your child happy, the smile, the the smile, the the smile, the quality time they enjoy. It's quality time they enjoy. It's quality time they enjoy. It's different. Earlier today, different. Earlier today, different. Earlier today, Kidlat shot for the first time in the basketball ring. It was Kidlat shot for the first time in the basketball ring. It was Kidlat shot for the first time in the basketball ring. It was his first time throwing it like that. his first time throwing it like that. his first time throwing it like that. The ball reached the high ring. He The ball reached the high ring. He The ball reached the high ring. He shot and shot. He shot and shot. So those are the shot and shot. He shot and shot. So those are the shot and shot. He shot and shot. So those are the moments. moments. moments. That's when he looked at That's when he looked at That's when he looked at my reaction and his daddy's reaction that my reaction and his daddy's reaction that my reaction and his daddy's reaction that he shot. He looked first and then he shot. He looked first and then he shot. He looked first and then he celebrated. When that's what's he celebrated. When that's what's he celebrated. When that's what's important to him. Core memory, important to him. Core memory, important to him. Core memory, I guess. Their core memory. And then it's not I guess. Their core memory. And then it's not I guess. Their core memory. And then it's not obvious that we love obvious that we love obvious that we love our children very much. In the many places our children very much. In the many places our children very much. In the many places in the grocery store, in the grocery store, in the grocery store, we are in the kids area. we are in the kids area. we are in the kids area. You're in Lego. What's in And You're in Lego. What's in And You're in Lego. What's in And then I saw what I was taking home for then I saw what I was taking home for then I saw what I was taking home for them. them. them. Exactly? That's what I said  It's different Exactly? That's what I said  It's different Exactly? That's what I said  It's different because when we leave them because when we leave them because when we leave them and they don't know we left but and they don't know we left but and they don't know we left but for us it's our guilt. So for us it's our guilt. So for us it's our guilt. So when we go home, what do when we go home, what do when we go home, what do we have for them? It's always like that. we have for them? It's always like that. we have for them? It's always like that. No matter where you go, we went on our whole Europe No matter where you go, we went on our whole Europe No matter where you go, we went on our whole Europe trip, each of our staff trip, each of our staff trip, each of our staff just bought gifts for just bought gifts for just bought gifts for everyone in Paris, but all everyone in Paris, but all everyone in Paris, but all our stuff like in each city, our stuff like in each city, our stuff like in each city, we only bought Lucas and Bia, just so we only bought Lucas and Bia, just so we only bought Lucas and Bia, just so they would think we bought them like this, they would think we bought them like this, they would think we bought them like this, they're the only ones who have a they're the only ones who have a they're the only ones who have a good childhood, we're still doing it, madam, how many are good childhood, we're still doing it, madam, how many are good childhood, we're still doing it, madam, how many are soon, how many are the plans, soon, how many are the plans, soon, how many are the plans, I want three plus 3 more plus 3 more but it's one I want three plus 3 more plus 3 more but it's one I want three plus 3 more plus 3 more but it's one after another, it should be one after another, it's after another, it should be one after another, it's after another, it should be one after another, it's too much to be too much to be too much to be one, just go back and glow up. Yes one, just go back and glow up. Yes one, just go back and glow up. Yes . It's hard when you skip, . It's hard when you skip, . It's hard when you skip, yes. If we get pregnant, a boy, yes. If we get pregnant, a boy, yes. If we get pregnant, a boy, then you lose weight again, then then you lose weight again, then then you lose weight again, then you get pregnant again. You're the you get pregnant again. You're the you get pregnant again. You're the next one. I'm praying that we'll have twins next one. I'm praying that we'll have twins next one. I'm praying that we'll have twins soon. Do you have twins? soon. Do you have twins? soon. Do you have twins? My mother has a cousin.  he is a twin My mother has a cousin.  he is a twin My mother has a cousin.  he is a twin then he also has a second cousin. then he also has a second cousin. then he also has a second cousin. They have a chance. I hope they are really twins. They have a chance. I hope they are really twins. They have a chance. I hope they are really twins. That's perfect. Boy and girl. No more. we are That's perfect. Boy and girl. No more. we are That's perfect. Boy and girl. No more. we are so are you related do you have any of us have so are you related do you have any of us have so are you related do you have any of us have asthma eh asthma not kambalang have asthma asthma not kambalang have asthma asthma not kambalang have asthma b has as asthma does kidlat have yes b has as asthma does kidlat have yes b has as asthma does kidlat have yes I remember his story now one I remember his story now one I remember his story now one time that it was necessary what is that e siblings time that it was necessary what is that e siblings time that it was necessary what is that e siblings eh allergic rhinitis there is the eh allergic rhinitis there is the eh allergic rhinitis there is the asthma asthma wedding wedding bright mates asthma asthma wedding wedding bright mates asthma asthma wedding wedding bright mates sister b and I already have a dress sister b and I already have a dress sister b and I already have a dress she just came to our ceremony to she just came to our ceremony to she just came to our ceremony to leave right away because you were expecting leave right away because you were expecting leave right away because you were expecting kidlat but we appreciated that kidlat but we appreciated that kidlat but we appreciated that I was surprised because we didn't meet when I was surprised because we didn't meet when I was surprised because we didn't meet when I saw the video they were there they I saw the video they were there they I saw the video they were there they really came because of course sis really came because of course sis really came because of course sis we really wanted to see we really wanted to see we really wanted to see we appreciate that of course you know priority we appreciate that of course you know priority we appreciate that of course you know priority really kids when they are the ones in the way you really kids when they are the ones in the way you really kids when they are the ones in the way you don't have to cancel everything exactly everything everything don't have to cancel everything exactly everything everything don't have to cancel everything exactly everything everything good your grocery store wasn't canceled good your grocery store wasn't canceled good your grocery store wasn't canceled one of my bucket list in my one of my bucket list in my one of my bucket list in my YouTube career because you can collaborate with brother YouTube career because you can collaborate with brother YouTube career because you can collaborate with brother I said earlier what did I say? I said earlier what did I say? I said earlier what did I say? I'm afraid to intro in front of him. Yeah.  I'm I'm afraid to intro in front of him. Yeah.  I'm I'm afraid to intro in front of him. Yeah.  I'm ashamed. I'm ashamed of you. I don't ashamed. I'm ashamed of you. I don't ashamed. I'm ashamed of you. I don't really feel like I always say this in really feel like I always say this in really feel like I always say this in interviews. I mean, if I hadn't interviews. I mean, if I hadn't interviews. I mean, if I hadn't become friends with your squad, become friends with your squad, become friends with your squad, I feel like I wouldn't have done YouTube. My I feel like I wouldn't have done YouTube. My I feel like I wouldn't have done YouTube. My sister always says, "You should log in, sister always says, "You should log in, sister always says, "You should log in, you're so noisy."  That's how you look, that's how you're so noisy."  That's how you look, that's how you're so noisy."  That's how you look, that's how noisy you are.  "That's your vlog." Then noisy you are.  "That's your vlog." Then noisy you are.  "That's your vlog." Then of course you're the ones I was with, of course you're the ones I was with, of course you're the ones I was with, awesome. So until now awesome. So until now awesome. So until now my lookup is still there. Fan girl my lookup is still there. Fan girl my lookup is still there. Fan girl suddenly fell in love. Look at it even if suddenly fell in love. Look at it even if suddenly fell in love. Look at it even if you combine our subscribers. you combine our subscribers. you combine our subscribers. You're awesome. It doesn't mean, it doesn't You're awesome. It doesn't mean, it doesn't You're awesome. It doesn't mean, it doesn't mean look at what you've reached mean look at what you've reached mean look at what you've reached now, you really deserve it and now, you really deserve it and now, you really deserve it and you're really for that. But I always look back you're really for that. But I always look back you're really for that. But I always look back always and forever, my respect for always and forever, my respect for always and forever, my respect for you. These things are really awesome too you. These things are really awesome too you. These things are really awesome too and that's why I'm super happy that I'm finally here. Yes, and that's why I'm super happy that I'm finally here. Yes, and that's why I'm super happy that I'm finally here. Yes, this content is beautiful. Do this content is beautiful. Do this content is beautiful. Do you know this is our fantasy? We haven't you know this is our fantasy? We haven't you know this is our fantasy? We haven't experienced it yet. I thought experienced it yet. I thought experienced it yet. I thought I was a fantasy artist because it's my fantasy. I was a fantasy artist because it's my fantasy. I was a fantasy artist because it's my fantasy. That's true. What else is this fantasy? That's true. What else is this fantasy? That's true. What else is this fantasy? Maybe you have something else, what else is this Maybe you have something else, what else is this Maybe you have something else, what else is this fantasy of yours? We have a child named fantasy of yours? We have a child named fantasy of yours? We have a child named Landers, why is it called Toky? When lightning struck, why is it called Toky? When lightning struck, why is it called Toky? When lightning struck, the buga hit, yes, it was raining, because it was like the buga hit, yes, it was raining, because it was like the buga hit, yes, it was raining, because it was like lightning when he arrived, lightning when he arrived, lightning when he arrived, no, the one who freed you was the one who gave you no, the one who freed you was the one who gave you no, the one who freed you was the one who gave you that nickname, it's really Junyie, that nickname, it's really Junyie, that nickname, it's really Junyie, okay, so there's no connection, he was made in okay, so there's no connection, he was made in okay, so there's no connection, he was made in Tokyo, I hope so, but in the Tokyo, I hope so, but in the Tokyo, I hope so, but in the but in the park, the ugly but in the park, the ugly but in the park, the ugly park is here.  we are from park is here.  we are from park is here.  we are from Paranaque from Parque Paranque we were Paranaque from Parque Paranque we were Paranaque from Parque Paranque we were born there but it's ugly because oh born there but it's ugly because oh born there but it's ugly because oh park come on let's go more park come on let's go more park come on let's go more atina more atina more atina more atina more atina more atina more atina but you know you look like Tokyo atina but you know you look like Tokyo atina but you know you look like Tokyo as in as in kid this looks like as in as in kid this looks like as in as in kid this looks like kidlat halo halo that's also not but kidlat halo halo that's also not but kidlat halo halo that's also not but you can really see it when kidlat is you can really see it when kidlat is you can really see it when kidlat is kong and toky is kid kong and toky is kid kong and toky is kid even his attitude even kidlat's attitude everything even his attitude even kidlat's attitude everything even his attitude even kidlat's attitude everything about him? about him? about him? Yes. Yes. Yes. Tokyo is easy for me. It's easy. It Tokyo is easy for me. It's easy. It Tokyo is easy for me. It's easy. It seems shy. seems shy. seems shy. How did you do that? How? How did you do that? How? How did you do that? How? That's a combination. It's a That's a combination. It's a That's a combination. It's a combination. combination. combination. Helicopter. Helicopter Helicopter. Helicopter Helicopter. Helicopter . It's beautiful how you did . It's beautiful how you did . It's beautiful how you did it. Helicopter. Helicopter. This is the it. Helicopter. Helicopter. This is the it. Helicopter. Helicopter. This is the mother of the collab. That's because we're done mother of the collab. That's because we're done mother of the collab. That's because we're done chatting. We've been chatting for a long time chatting. We've been chatting for a long time chatting. We've been chatting for a long time . There are so many cuts there. Apart from that . There are so many cuts there. Apart from that . There are so many cuts there. Apart from that you saw we had a chat you saw we had a chat you saw we had a chat without a camera. Yes. And it's early in the morning without a camera. Yes. And it's early in the morning without a camera. Yes. And it's early in the morning because it's morning, the cashier is about to open because it's morning, the cashier is about to open because it's morning, the cashier is about to open . Our two carts . Our two carts . Our two carts earlier were already at the cashier. Let earlier were already at the cashier. Let earlier were already at the cashier. Let 's add what are the 's add what are the 's add what are the We need it. Because let's make the most of it. We need it. Because let's make the most of it. We need it. Because let's make the most of it. We can only do groceries once We can only do groceries once We can only do groceries once without anyone. without anyone. without anyone. Yes. Let's go. Yes. Let's go. Yes. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Enjoy it. Enjoy it. Enjoy it. Yes. It's our first time experiencing it. Hey, you're here. I didn't expect Hey, you're here. I didn't expect Hey, you're here. I didn't expect to meet at the grocery store. You're the same to meet at the grocery store. You're the same to meet at the grocery store. You're the same . Have you been here a while? . Have you been here a while? . Have you been here a while? Just arrived. Just arrived. Just arrived. You thought we were already drunk. You thought we hadn't You thought we were already drunk. You thought we hadn't You thought we were already drunk. You thought we hadn't talked for five hours. We're the talked for five hours. We're the talked for five hours. We're the best of the landers. Think about it. best of the landers. Think about it. best of the landers. Think about it. Good. We're the first customers. We're the Good. We're the first customers. We're the Good. We're the first customers. We're the first to get punch there because they first to get punch there because they first to get punch there because they open their boxes at 8:00 a.m. But open their boxes at 8:00 a.m. But open their boxes at 8:00 a.m. But they actually open at 9: a.m. The smell is they actually open at 9: a.m. The smell is they actually open at 9: a.m. The smell is there. Pure ano, there. Pure ano, there. Pure ano, pure soap. pure soap. pure soap. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. Spicy. Chili garlic. I haven't tried Spicy. Chili garlic. I haven't tried Spicy. Chili garlic. I haven't tried that yet. that yet. that yet. Chili garlic. How many? Yehey! I've been Yehey! I've been Yehey! I've been grocery shopping and I'm already tired. grocery shopping and I'm already tired. grocery shopping and I'm already tired. I've already walked 10,000 steps. Hi brother. I've already walked 10,000 steps. Hi brother. I've already walked 10,000 steps. Hi brother. There are some ano workers here now. It's There are some ano workers here now. It's There are some ano workers here now. It's so nice to go grocery shopping so nice to go grocery shopping so nice to go grocery shopping You're just pushing. Hey, dear, refined or. MG is melting, no, You're just pushing. Hey, dear, refined or. MG is melting, no, You're just pushing. Hey, dear, refined or. MG is melting, no, where are you talking about, what are you saying, what is where are you talking about, what are you saying, what is where are you talking about, what are you saying, what is thermal, yes, dear, let's add it, but what is thermal, yes, dear, let's add it, but what is thermal, yes, dear, let's add it, but what is assorted, okay That's all That's all That's all we need at home. Is we need at home. Is we need at home. Is the hilod gone? Okay, that's it. Why do the hilod gone? Okay, that's it. Why do the hilod gone? Okay, that's it. Why do you look dizzy? And we're done. And we're done. And we're done. Morning. Oh, our roll opened. Morning. Oh, our roll opened. Morning. Oh, our roll opened. So sister B and brother Cong went first So sister B and brother Cong went first So sister B and brother Cong went first because you know the young ones have school, because you know the young ones have school, because you know the young ones have school, of course of course of course we need to settle what's bothering we need to settle what's bothering we need to settle what's bothering us here in Lander. So many many us here in Lander. So many many us here in Lander. So many many many many thanks to Ate V and many many thanks to Ate V and many many thanks to Ate V and brother Kong and of course brother Kong and of course brother Kong and of course Mr. and Mrs. Velasquez and Mr. and Mr. and Mrs. Velasquez and Mr. and Mr. and Mrs. Velasquez and Mr. and Mrs. Sparks were able to do the grocery shopping. Yes. That's the Mrs. Sparks were able to do the grocery shopping. Yes. That's the Mrs. Sparks were able to do the grocery shopping. Yes. That's the good ending of the vlog and I hope good ending of the vlog and I hope good ending of the vlog and I hope you're happy with this collab. And also watch out for you're happy with this collab. And also watch out for you're happy with this collab. And also watch out for our collab on Ate B's channel our collab on Ate B's channel our collab on Ate B's channel and subscribe to brother Kong too. Thank and subscribe to brother Kong too. Thank and subscribe to brother Kong too. Thank you so much for watching this video and you so much for watching this video and you so much for watching this video and thank you to my husband. thank you to my husband. thank you to my husband. Thank you. Thank you for the experience, Thank you. Thank you for the experience, Thank you. Thank you for the experience, my dear, you know why thank you, you my dear, you know why thank you, you my dear, you know why thank you, you paid for this kind of content, paid for this kind of content, paid for this kind of content, my card is the one that gets scratched. Now my card is the one that gets scratched. Now my card is the one that gets scratched. Now your card is different, it's ours. It's ours your card is different, it's ours. It's ours your card is different, it's ours. It's ours . Many many many thanks to you and . Many many many thanks to you and . Many many many thanks to you and brother Cong for that, in a heartbeat, it's brother Cong for that, in a heartbeat, it's brother Cong for that, in a heartbeat, it's an honor. an honor. an honor. Yes. So that's where we're ending Yes. So that's where we're ending Yes. So that's where we're ending this vlog. Sebbies, hope you like this this vlog. Sebbies, hope you like this this vlog. Sebbies, hope you like this video. Please don't forget to like, video. Please don't forget to like, video. Please don't forget to like, share, subscribe, and click notification share, subscribe, and click notification share, subscribe, and click notification bell for more updates and for more bell for more updates and for more bell for more updates and for more upcoming upcoming upcoming videos. videos. videos. I love you allies. Bye. Do share, do I love you allies. Bye. Do share, do I love you allies. Bye. Do share, do share, do share. Mwah. Hala, maybe share, do share. Mwah. Hala, maybe share, do share. Mwah. Hala, maybe they'll see you last in the vlog. Tagan lang they'll see you last in the vlog. Tagan lang they'll see you last in the vlog. Tagan lang talaga. Back to work. Let's just go to talaga. Back to work. Let's just go to talaga. Back to work. Let's just go to Japan. Bye. I see you moving up. Hey, me I see you moving up. Hey, me I see you moving up. Hey, me your day. I'm your I was your girlfri Eh