Brother, what happened today that I overturned the fridge? Brother, what happened today that I overturned the fridge? Brother, today I was busy searching for money. Brother, today I was busy searching for money. Brother, today I was busy searching for money. But why not see this also now. But why not see this also now. But why not see this also now. Someone will hit you on the head with a slipper. Someone will hit you on the head with a slipper. Someone will hit you on the head with a slipper. Hey, she was like a thief, no one would hit her with a slipper or shoot her. Hey, she was like a thief, no one would hit her with a slipper or shoot her. Hey Grandpa. Hey Grandpa. Hey Grandpa. Brother, today the weather was getting chilly since morning Brother, today the weather was getting chilly since morning Brother, today the weather was getting chilly since morning and in such chilly weather, my uncle and I felt like and in such chilly weather, my uncle and I felt like and in such chilly weather, my uncle and I felt like eating sweets.  But unfortunately, eating sweets.  But unfortunately, eating sweets.  But unfortunately, brother, my uncle and I did not even have money to buy poison.  Meanwhile, brother, my uncle and I did not even have money to buy poison.  Meanwhile, brother, my uncle and I did not even have money to buy poison.  Meanwhile, uncle uncle uncle told me that he had seen it under the mattresses.  You will definitely get some told me that he had seen it under the mattresses.  You will definitely get some told me that he had seen it under the mattresses.  You will definitely get some money. money. money. [Encouraging voice] [Screaming voice] [Encouraging voice] [Screaming voice] [Encouraging voice] [Screaming voice] But brother, my uncle and I saw the whole mattress. But brother, my uncle and I saw the whole mattress. But brother, my uncle and I saw the whole mattress. Uncle saw grandfather's kurta. Uncle saw grandfather's kurta. Uncle saw grandfather's kurta. We did not get even a single rupee.  There were We did not get even a single rupee.  There were We did not get even a single rupee.  There were so many papers kept under the mattress, brother, as if the entire village so many papers kept under the mattress, brother, as if the entire village so many papers kept under the mattress, brother, as if the entire village 's junk was filled in it.  My uncle and I were busy 's junk was filled in it.  My uncle and I were busy 's junk was filled in it.  My uncle and I were busy searching for money. searching for money. searching for money. Grandfather arrived within this time.  We saw that brother Grandfather arrived within this time.  We saw that brother Grandfather arrived within this time.  We saw that brother Dada brought something in a box of sweets.  Uncle Dada brought something in a box of sweets.  Uncle Dada brought something in a box of sweets.  Uncle said that you have brought sweets 100% for wisdom. said that you have brought sweets 100% for wisdom. said that you have brought sweets 100% for wisdom. Grandfather quietly kept the box of sweets Grandfather quietly kept the box of sweets Grandfather quietly kept the box of sweets in the fridge and locked it.  Brother, after in the fridge and locked it.  Brother, after in the fridge and locked it.  Brother, after seeing this much, I filled the well.   The seeing this much, I filled the well.   The seeing this much, I filled the well.   The lock of the fridge started opening with a jingling sound. lock of the fridge started opening with a jingling sound. lock of the fridge started opening with a jingling sound. Sometimes with a knife, sometimes with a pliers.  When brother, Sometimes with a knife, sometimes with a pliers.  When brother, Sometimes with a knife, sometimes with a pliers.  When brother, all our techniques failed.  The lock did all our techniques failed.  The lock did all our techniques failed.  The lock did not open.  We turned the fridge upside down. not open.  We turned the fridge upside down. not open.  We turned the fridge upside down. While pulling the fridge, the lock also While pulling the fridge, the lock also While pulling the fridge, the lock also broke.  Brother, I got a box of sweets, broke.  Brother, I got a box of sweets, broke.  Brother, I got a box of sweets, but as soon as I opened the box, my uncle and my but as soon as I opened the box, my uncle and my but as soon as I opened the box, my uncle and my mood got spoiled because there was onion in it. Uncle was mood got spoiled because there was onion in it. Uncle was mood got spoiled because there was onion in it. Uncle was thinking that it would be rasgullas. I was thinking that thinking that it would be rasgullas. I was thinking that thinking that it would be rasgullas. I was thinking that sweets. What did you do brother? I got sweets and I got 10 more abuses. I do brother? I got sweets and I got 10 more abuses. I do brother? I got sweets and I got 10 more abuses. I do n't know what the old man will say. See you n't know what the old man will say. See you n't know what the old man will say. See you in the next blog. Har Har Mahadev.