my Ho offence Vinay Is your design designed to come fifteen or something? If just fuck up I &. Why? How will you know if it comes on your phone or not? Can you dismissal it The embarrassed Rat of Ryan hey guys good morning, welcome to my new vlog We were ready on our last video off Samson a new phone concept We have the Fold8 Create our phone Its pretty unique F holder So, launch the gift card now, fold it. That's it? Yes. So, you can watch YouTube, you can watch movies, or you can watch the phone. So, I'm going to show you the JW Mary Hotel. I'm going to launch it. I'm going to go to the store. So, let's go. Bye. So, finally, we finally reached the hotel. We're going to take a look at the food. We're going to have lunch. We'll have lunch. We'll have lunch. So, we'll have lunch. We'll have a day's lunch. Alright, thank you. Bye. Bye. Thanks. I'll be here for a day. Alright, thank you. Thank you. Bye. Just wait. Just wait, I'll be here for a day. I'll be here for a day. Okay. Guys, I'm going to take a day. I'm going to go. I'm going to go for a day. You're going to go? No. I'm going. Hello, hello. What time is it? Yes. I'm finally met you. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for coming. Thank you for coming. Hello! I'm going to go. Thank you. Hey, let's roll it ladies. I haven't eaten in 6 hours yet so I'll see you. I got a nice Justin and Dr. Ohhhh! Thanks man. I'm starving, please. Let me try. Thanks. So, you made......ning process forarpKS for Per perfectnot pot, please. It also costs so much! That's right. Take itiedar taught you. I've also made rice. I'm taking extra different pieces. Okay. We can also make steak. Yes. We can PDF their phone. I'm gonna be in a very long folder Yes I will I'll be in a long folder I'll be in a room Guys, I'm gonna be in a room Radioing I'm gonna be in a room Even starter Excuse me Sorry Bless you, bless you I'm gonna be in a hotel room I'll be in a room too Guys, I'm gonna be in a room I'll be in a bed And... I'll be in a bed I'll be in a bed I'll be in a bed I'll be in a table create an editing table Oh no a bar Oh airport we have to go are ghosts apparently and the label Exceptzhen america is in a penny let's see howrugged I ran out of time Guys like you're too excited that a samsung file rustle no time to think it sounds so like the phone if you don't come with an samsung file you should chase us Family is a whole bunch of Samsung family Samsung family What's your favorite? We are going to have a feed We are going to have a feed Excited new phone It's not my phone, it's games new Why do you want to have a phone? Why do you want to have a phone? Why do you want to have a phone? Why? Why? Guys, we are going to have a game Galaxy and Pec What game are you playing? Oh, I want to have a game Yes, we are playing We are playing at an ad And we are playing it If you want to subscribe to my channel, please subscribe I will be able to get more videos from you If you want to see more videos, please subscribe Thank you Thank you so much Thank you so much What are you doing? I'm doing a vlog What are you doing? It's a ball photograph What are you doing? I'm doing a vlog I'm doing a vlog I'm doing a vlog I'm doing a vlog I'm doing a vlog Thank you I'm doing a vlog I'm doing a vlog Second time Second time First time, I'm doing an exhibit of awards I'm going to shoot a scene He has 2 frames I set it in two Basin Now we will filter == Let's leave a conclusion I'll start it It's a J- vap 50 seconds I'll go to Jonathan's tomorrow I am very happy to announce that the latest Galaxy Z Folded series is out there for you to see.ash shul. While launched in Shul Shul flying due to his voiced phone however, while having a TV he must be able to shoot with today and off again the phone quickly! So well said A guy who made this design. Do you have anything unique? Ozzie, do that! And how severe? 1. Action! red pool have you ever reached this ent south? i think this area is getting stronger you are bringing a phone sorry just send me an entry if I phone you you should also get another entry I also got agreements we are borderless ope the son don't tell me guys you are going to flip a south You look so cute In June I am gonna learn a lean bit of stories I also get it online Out plastics and feasibly Guys that is how a lot of our time will start Then we'll go to the next day in the same place who was not beyond the injured is in place. He must have walked straight. You're shooting at a corner looking further with aesthetic behICK So it's finally easily shot out Guys it takes a good time but I could do this for every bedroom isadow I can earlier you know we can style your snack and the Top 59 I think IOh guys.. I thought you came for the forget delivery, hold on open let's check your phone Guys I planned for the nice video to really try those guys Make sure to leave us a comment to more videos if you like that video then please share this video Now let's look at the unhappy decision Cam This is your first video You are in facet Lex in light Are you a Easy workout It will be so funengage on i don't want to ones in the next level these guys were a niceene we won't have to do it They gave themselves like a voice over Guys, the proof should be also alive on this video, we will let them win let them edit What do you think? What are you told? Who wants to wait in your favorite place? Steph you need to upload to this place, can you tell us what you are doing? John damn it, Concentrate on that. It's not funny! I'll be jumping down again. I'll be jumping down again.Machine or something will belfide over! Joke! Joke! That's why! I am going to make a Samsung video and edit it. I am going to make a video and edit it. I am going to make a Samsung video and edit it. Good night. Good night. How are you? I am fine. You are fine. I will make a Samsung video and edit it. I will make a Samsung video and edit it on Facebook. Edit it? I have had enough of the time. not his real name he will put his cash and words in mind that time is way too few we are going to stop this mess stay in touch with my master quite short time spendblue google but today's notice we have Schitchler channel Thanks for watching, bye.