I could get used to your [music] your [music] your [music] used night. night. night. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. Time check. It's 7:49 Time check. It's 7:49 Time check. It's 7:49 p.m. Yes. And kaka sunset lang or yan p.m. Yes. And kaka sunset lang or yan p.m. Yes. And kaka sunset lang or yan malwa pa pil palang yam. And I'm using a malwa pa pil palang yam. And I'm using a malwa pa pil palang yam. And I'm using a mic like [music] and we need that. And we are [music] and we need that. And we are [music] and we need that. And we are cooking kimchi jig today. That's our cooking kimchi jig today. That's our cooking kimchi jig today. That's our dinner cuz I like it that way. But can we all cuz I like it that way. But can we all cuz I like it that way. But can we all just appreciate just appreciate just appreciate look at the sky? Actually look at the sky? Actually look at the sky? Actually vlog vlog vlog sunset the past few days. I'm going to sunset the past few days. I'm going to sunset the past few days. I'm going to pop pop pop a sunset ganda. a sunset ganda. a sunset ganda. Guys, lately we have different sunset Guys, lately we have different sunset Guys, lately we have different sunset views in this apartment and I'm just so views in this apartment and I'm just so views in this apartment and I'm just so happy that we renewed our stay here. happy that we renewed our stay here. happy that we renewed our stay here. Anyway, Anyway, Anyway, salt and pepper. salt and pepper. salt and pepper. But I have here But I have here But I have here salt. vlog sunset. Look at that. It's so vlog sunset. Look at that. It's so vlog sunset. Look at that. It's so beautiful, guys. These are the moments. Thankful ganda. ganda. ganda. The store official kimchi. The store official kimchi. The store official kimchi. Let's do it. [music] >> [music] >> Okay, let's add some water and then simmer. to ta. ta. ta. Yum. >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Hello. Up up up to here. Up up up to here. Up up up to here. Up up up up up up up up up up up up up Up up up up up up up up up up up up up Up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up here. Up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up. up up up up up up up. up up up up up up up. Say hi. Say hi vlog. Hi vlog. I'm Sandy. Sandy, this is not for you. Sandy, this is not for you. Sandy, this is not for you. No, we are finally doing a kitchen makeover. we are finally doing a kitchen makeover. we are finally doing a kitchen makeover. Actually, an apartment makeover. And Actually, an apartment makeover. And Actually, an apartment makeover. And palang episode one cuz we're going to palang episode one cuz we're going to palang episode one cuz we're going to start with kitchen and then you know start with kitchen and then you know start with kitchen and then you know walk-in vanity area and then of course walk-in vanity area and then of course walk-in vanity area and then of course sofa and stuffing. sofa and stuffing. sofa and stuffing. I only have like two weeks left before I I only have like two weeks left before I I only have like two weeks left before I start [screaming] start [screaming] start [screaming] my school. I'm so excited guys. I'm my school. I'm so excited guys. I'm my school. I'm so excited guys. I'm going to take you to my first day of going to take you to my first day of going to take you to my first day of classes and classes and classes and going to be busy cuz going to be busy cuz going to be busy cuz every day classes. every day classes. every day classes. ion. Anyway, ion. Anyway, ion. Anyway, let's eat. And tomorrow we go to a house let's eat. And tomorrow we go to a house let's eat. And tomorrow we go to a house fair. Coex ulit. If last vlog, if you've fair. Coex ulit. If last vlog, if you've fair. Coex ulit. If last vlog, if you've watched our last vlog, stationary fair, watched our last vlog, stationary fair, watched our last vlog, stationary fair, more on art fair and stuff. This time more on art fair and stuff. This time more on art fair and stuff. This time around, it's going to be all about home, around, it's going to be all about home, around, it's going to be all about home, home essentials, kitchen and stuff. So home essentials, kitchen and stuff. So home essentials, kitchen and stuff. So excited. Super excited. And lang. So excited. Super excited. And lang. So excited. Super excited. And lang. So that's it. Cheers to our ano makeover that's it. Cheers to our ano makeover that's it. Cheers to our ano makeover series. series. series. Share. Good morning. Share. Good morning. Share. Good morning. I'm playing between my two cameras. I'm playing between my two cameras. I'm playing between my two cameras. Let me know if you want this camera or Let me know if you want this camera or Let me know if you want this camera or this camera. I'm ready to leave in a few this camera. I'm ready to leave in a few this camera. I'm ready to leave in a few minutes. But we're going to have some minutes. But we're going to have some minutes. But we're going to have some breakfast. And guys, it's so hard to breakfast. And guys, it's so hard to breakfast. And guys, it's so hard to keep drinking water if it's so hot. I'm keep drinking water if it's so hot. I'm keep drinking water if it's so hot. I'm always craving for a drink that has a always craving for a drink that has a always craving for a drink that has a really good taste. So, I have a lot of really good taste. So, I have a lot of really good taste. So, I have a lot of coconut water. coconut water. coconut water. coconut water. I also tried Power Itid, coconut water. I also tried Power Itid, coconut water. I also tried Power Itid, but lately this is my favorite. I bought but lately this is my favorite. I bought but lately this is my favorite. I bought this last April, March maybe when we this last April, March maybe when we this last April, March maybe when we went to the 12th grocery store and ever went to the 12th grocery store and ever went to the 12th grocery store and ever since then I've been drinking it and na. since then I've been drinking it and na. since then I've been drinking it and na. Anyway, this drink guys, it's low in Anyway, this drink guys, it's low in Anyway, this drink guys, it's low in sugar. It tastes really refreshing and sugar. It tastes really refreshing and sugar. It tastes really refreshing and it's basically my beauty drink as well. it's basically my beauty drink as well. it's basically my beauty drink as well. So, I just add some water guys. Yeah. So, I just add some water guys. Yeah. So, I just add some water guys. Yeah. Lang mog water and then you mix it. Lang mog water and then you mix it. Lang mog water and then you mix it. Basically guys, it's a drink that Basically guys, it's a drink that Basically guys, it's a drink that supports not only the glow from your supports not only the glow from your supports not only the glow from your skin but also s hair. If you notice, skin but also s hair. If you notice, skin but also s hair. If you notice, look at that. And look at my nails guys. look at that. And look at my nails guys. look at that. And look at my nails guys. I think this is the healthiest version I think this is the healthiest version I think this is the healthiest version of my nails. of my nails. of my nails. Cuz this drink guys has biotin. So very Cuz this drink guys has biotin. So very Cuz this drink guys has biotin. So very important for nail and hair growth. Biotin talaga. So to me biotin, vitamin Biotin talaga. So to me biotin, vitamin Biotin talaga. So to me biotin, vitamin C, B3, B6, hyaluronic acid, collagen C, B3, B6, hyaluronic acid, collagen C, B3, B6, hyaluronic acid, collagen peptides and more in this drink. peptides and more in this drink. peptides and more in this drink. Actually glutathion is also in this Actually glutathion is also in this Actually glutathion is also in this drink. And just like that, we have the drink. And just like that, we have the drink. And just like that, we have the drink. I just put the ice mga kalahhat drink. I just put the ice mga kalahhat drink. I just put the ice mga kalahhat and trust me s breakfast is served. We and trust me s breakfast is served. We and trust me s breakfast is served. We have her drink and pancake have her drink and pancake have her drink and pancake before he [music] left for school. before he [music] left for school. before he [music] left for school. Anyway, I'm eating here cuz I still have Anyway, I'm eating here cuz I still have Anyway, I'm eating here cuz I still have some work to do before we leave. So, some work to do before we leave. So, some work to do before we leave. So, kangi. Anyway, let's eat. Super duper sy like 10 out of 10. Super duper sy like 10 out of 10. Super duper sy like 10 out of 10. Refreshing. And this is it. By the way, Refreshing. And this is it. By the way, Refreshing. And this is it. By the way, guys, when taking glutathione, the most guys, when taking glutathione, the most guys, when taking glutathione, the most important thing to look out for is the important thing to look out for is the important thing to look out for is the purity and glutathione content. So guys, purity and glutathione content. So guys, purity and glutathione content. So guys, with 90% high purity glutathion, I can with 90% high purity glutathion, I can with 90% high purity glutathion, I can really feel my [music] skin getting really feel my [music] skin getting really feel my [music] skin getting brighter and healthier, less effort when brighter and healthier, less effort when brighter and healthier, less effort when it comes to prepping my skin with it comes to prepping my skin with it comes to prepping my skin with makeup. Sometimes I don't need concealer makeup. Sometimes I don't need concealer makeup. Sometimes I don't need concealer anymore. Something like that. And anymore. Something like that. And anymore. Something like that. And ingredients very very important. ingredients very very important. ingredients very very important. This one has a lot of powerful This one has a lot of powerful This one has a lot of powerful antioxidant that helps with fine lines antioxidant that helps with fine lines antioxidant that helps with fine lines and wrinkles. So very nice din talaga na and wrinkles. So very nice din talaga na and wrinkles. So very nice din talaga na drink aside from the fact so naman. Also drink aside from the fact so naman. Also drink aside from the fact so naman. Also today's agenda like I've mentioned last today's agenda like I've mentioned last today's agenda like I've mentioned last night we're heading to the fair 10:00 night we're heading to the fair 10:00 night we're heading to the fair 10:00 a.m. slot. So I'm going to head out. I a.m. slot. So I'm going to head out. I a.m. slot. So I'm going to head out. I think 40 to 1 hour to go there via train think 40 to 1 hour to go there via train think 40 to 1 hour to go there via train malay gang nam sin. So I'm going to malay gang nam sin. So I'm going to malay gang nam sin. So I'm going to finish some work and then we're going to finish some work and then we're going to finish some work and then we're going to head out. >> [music] >> Hey, ha. ha. ha. >> [music] >> my uniform. White polo, [laughter] >> my uniform. White polo, [laughter] >> my uniform. White polo, [laughter] white shorts, white everything. White, white shorts, white everything. White, white shorts, white everything. White, white shoes. white shoes. white shoes. We are in coex again. Hopefully Hopefully Hopefully I think in a few weeks time me nam I think in a few weeks time me nam I think in a few weeks time me nam coffee fair and whatever ano ba. So coffee fair and whatever ano ba. So coffee fair and whatever ano ba. So let's go guys. Okay I booked my tickets let's go guys. Okay I booked my tickets let's go guys. Okay I booked my tickets via the neighbor app per naman the walk via the neighbor app per naman the walk via the neighbor app per naman the walk in. Okay here it is. in. Okay here it is. in. Okay here it is. Okay compared to the illustration fair. Okay compared to the illustration fair. Okay compared to the illustration fair. Madam and they gave us a welcome gift Madam and they gave us a welcome gift Madam and they gave us a welcome gift shopping bag. Thankful shopping bag. Thankful shopping bag. Thankful and guys. and guys. and guys. Oh my god. OMG. OMG. Binaga namaga masag. Oh matcha ba for this. masag. Oh matcha ba for this. masag. Oh matcha ba for this. I don't know where to start. Wait for I don't know where to start. Wait for I don't know where to start. Wait for the cats. the cats. the cats. Bed for the cats. [music] Nina [music] Nina [music] Nina sa dami nakita to nice diniwan manip na sa dami nakita to nice diniwan manip na sa dami nakita to nice diniwan manip na lang si guys. Oh I think these are hand lang si guys. Oh I think these are hand lang si guys. Oh I think these are hand painted. Oh they have a studio. Oh meron painted. Oh they have a studio. Oh meron painted. Oh they have a studio. Oh meron sa Malaysia Hong Kong. Oh meron Manila sa Malaysia Hong Kong. Oh meron Manila sa Malaysia Hong Kong. Oh meron Manila guys. It's me Manila guys. It's me Manila guys. It's me Manila guys when we were living in the guys when we were living in the guys when we were living in the Philippines parang ano parang shelves Philippines parang ano parang shelves Philippines parang ano parang shelves may kitchen brand it's [music] called may kitchen brand it's [music] called may kitchen brand it's [music] called rare rose in order here Korea first time rare rose in order here Korea first time rare rose in order here Korea first time seeing them seeing them seeing them pala pala pala so nice so nice so nice tissue tissue tissue very sleek very sleek very sleek bigger I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not sure blue guys plant store very cute guys. Let's research first compa. guys. Let's research first compa. guys. Let's research first compa. We have this one as well. Indoor garden We have this one as well. Indoor garden We have this one as well. Indoor garden guys para angry. guys para angry. guys para angry. I really like this so far. We'll come I really like this so far. We'll come I really like this so far. We'll come back. Found the top store that I want to Found the top store that I want to Found the top store that I want to visit. I hope they sell I've been wanting this guys. Please I've been wanting this guys. Please I've been wanting this guys. Please don't judge me. I cover railings. don't judge me. I cover railings. don't judge me. I cover railings. So, So, So, guys, I think we need some of these for guys, I think we need some of these for guys, I think we need some of these for our meal prep. Mix and match pala guys our meal prep. Mix and match pala guys our meal prep. Mix and match pala guys like like like set up. actually pa lunchbox set up. actually pa lunchbox set up. actually pa lunchbox meal prep if you want kimchi ganyan meal prep if you want kimchi ganyan meal prep if you want kimchi ganyan lunch lunch lunch store. So I got a fabric or an art from store. So I got a fabric or an art from store. So I got a fabric or an art from them them them guys actual like drawing guys actual like drawing guys actual like drawing cute art cute art cute art shelves shelves shelves athetic. athetic. athetic. This one nam man guys custom clock This one nam man guys custom clock This one nam man guys custom clock depend colorway and stuff. Cool. These depend colorway and stuff. Cool. These depend colorway and stuff. Cool. These are really nice. Actually guys if you are really nice. Actually guys if you are really nice. Actually guys if you remember [music] this artist remember [music] this artist remember [music] this artist illustration pair thinking about buying illustration pair thinking about buying illustration pair thinking about buying this cute this cute this cute or this one lunch cuz it's giving or this one lunch cuz it's giving or this one lunch cuz it's giving restaurant restaurant restaurant cute brush. Oh this is nice. Oh this is nice. Oh this is nice. Guys, I'm picking between the two. Guys, I'm picking between the two. Guys, I'm picking between the two. guys. Look, they have some book covers. This is really nice. This is really nice. This is really nice. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. store shapes [gasps] you can expect. So So So bowl and stuff lamp and those are all bowl and stuff lamp and those are all bowl and stuff lamp and those are all portable portable portable >> here and >> here and >> here and >> it's wireless guys. Yes, we have a three >> it's wireless guys. Yes, we have a three >> it's wireless guys. Yes, we have a three level of dimming. level of dimming. level of dimming. >> It's so nice. >> It's so nice. >> It's so nice. >> Yes. So beautiful. >> Yes. So beautiful. >> Yes. So beautiful. This is really beautiful guys in This is really beautiful guys in This is really beautiful guys in personality tray. Honestly, portableity portableity portableity and I think original design. Do I need and I think original design. Do I need and I think original design. Do I need another coaster? another coaster? another coaster? bowl aesthetic home. Look at this store. It's aesthetic home. Look at this store. It's aesthetic home. Look at this store. It's so cute. We should get this one. It's sandy. We should get this one. It's sandy. We should get this one. It's sandy. Cute. Well, let's check pala mga plants. I pa yung lamp ano eto ba yan this one I I pa yung lamp ano eto ba yan this one I I pa yung lamp ano eto ba yan this one I think I [music] just found the perfect think I [music] just found the perfect think I [music] just found the perfect plan for our kitchen plan for our kitchen plan for our kitchen guys I'm [music] a huge fan of this artist I I'm [music] a huge fan of this artist I I'm [music] a huge fan of this artist I can't believe anganda in person can't believe anganda in person can't believe anganda in person wow [music] wow [music] wow [music] grab it to see this in actual I'm ga grab it to see this in actual I'm ga grab it to see this in actual I'm ga guys. I'm going. guys. I'm going. guys. I'm going. Okay guys, we're done with the fair Okay guys, we're done with the fair Okay guys, we're done with the fair plant and then also got a plate and then plant and then also got a plate and then plant and then also got a plate and then artsy pieces. artsy pieces. artsy pieces. quite disappointed quite disappointed quite disappointed more on both plates and more on both plates and more on both plates and stationary stationary stationary stores stores stores like maps in hope like maps in hope like maps in hope and stuff and and stuff and and stuff and so we can drop this off and then we'll so we can drop this off and then we'll so we can drop this off and then we'll see maybe we can go to Yongan later see maybe we can go to Yongan later see maybe we can go to Yongan later or so let's go well let's check Zara or so let's go well let's check Zara or so let's go well let's check Zara home and narin t Literal pagalas ng coax home and narin t Literal pagalas ng coax home and narin t Literal pagalas ng coax zara home. Here it is. Anyway guys, let's go home. 40 to 50 Anyway guys, let's go home. 40 to 50 Anyway guys, let's go home. 40 to 50 minutes away apartment here. So it's minutes away apartment here. So it's minutes away apartment here. So it's going to be a long ride. Just got home. going to be a long ride. Just got home. going to be a long ride. Just got home. Say hi to the vlog. Say hi. Hello guys. Finally, Finally, Finally, our orders have arrived. As mentioned, our orders have arrived. As mentioned, our orders have arrived. As mentioned, guys, I got some organizers and guys, I got some organizers and guys, I got some organizers and dispensers for our kitchen. And this is dispensers for our kitchen. And this is dispensers for our kitchen. And this is just the first part. Home Home Home like last time home. Anyway, finally. So, I got these shelves organizing. I'll show you guys later. I got four of I'll show you guys later. I got four of I'll show you guys later. I got four of these. Going to link it below, guys. Most of the time rocket coupon before 12 midnight. before 12 midnight. before 12 midnight. In fairness, it's affordable. 14,1 in order salt, pepper and stuff, okay naman pero too big too big too big toy though toy though toy though Mars it's giving Mars it's giving Mars it's giving jogging maga too big but maganda naman jogging maga too big but maganda naman jogging maga too big but maganda naman naang. Anyway, let's do this. Let's naang. Anyway, let's do this. Let's naang. Anyway, let's do this. Let's start. Wait, guys. Please don't judge me. Okay. I have my narr I have my narr I have my narr allpurpose flour till now till now till now guys. Last time oil and vinegar. Anyway, it is what it oil and vinegar. Anyway, it is what it oil and vinegar. Anyway, it is what it is. Shelf. Let's start. Shelf. Let's start. Shelf. Let's start. Waiting for the brightest perch. Okay. At least an Okay guys. So finally this At least an Okay guys. So finally this At least an Okay guys. So finally this is how it looks. is how it looks. is how it looks. So far I'm happy. Okay naman So far I'm happy. Okay naman So far I'm happy. Okay naman segregation. Honestly guys I like it. I segregation. Honestly guys I like it. I segregation. Honestly guys I like it. I feel like organized in a way feel like organized in a way feel like organized in a way and also like olive oil. Anyway, let's start organizing together. Anyway, let's start organizing together. Anyway, let's start organizing together. Okay, let's start here. Going to put my Okay, let's start here. Going to put my Okay, let's start here. Going to put my supplements supplements supplements over here over here over here and also this one. This one recent and also this one. This one recent and also this one. This one recent purchase from the grocery. purchase from the grocery. purchase from the grocery. I'm still consistent with my apple I'm still consistent with my apple I'm still consistent with my apple cider. [music] So on hand and then last cider. [music] So on hand and then last cider. [music] So on hand and then last my collagen box my collagen box my collagen box that very nice here powdered milk cooking wine and then marine soy sauce cooking wine and then marine soy sauce cooking wine and then marine soy sauce for adobo. Surprise surprise. for adobo. Surprise surprise. for adobo. Surprise surprise. We're here in Hongi station. We're We're here in Hongi station. We're We're here in Hongi station. We're meeting someone special and we're taking meeting someone special and we're taking meeting someone special and we're taking them to one of my favorite places and so going to take them there because and so going to take them there because and so going to take them there because it's shock it's shock it's shock and she's a booker. I'm a boogieist. she's a booker. I'm a boogieist. she's a booker. I'm a boogieist. I'm a boogieist. I'm a boogieist. I'm a boogieist. 50 pages. 50 pages. 50 pages. So, I'm reading a book called Science by So, I'm reading a book called Science by So, I'm reading a book called Science by Laura Jean. Laura Jean. Laura Jean. >> And S science, huh? S I G N S. Science >> And S science, huh? S I G N S. Science >> And S science, huh? S I G N S. Science as in science. She's a psychic medium, as in science. She's a psychic medium, as in science. She's a psychic medium, which means she can talk to the dead. which means she can talk to the dead. which means she can talk to the dead. She's like teaching us how to She's like teaching us how to She's like teaching us how to communicate with the people on the other communicate with the people on the other communicate with the people on the other side. There's no such thing as side. There's no such thing as side. There's no such thing as coincidences. coincidences. coincidences. When you say coincidence, oh my gosh, When you say coincidence, oh my gosh, When you say coincidence, oh my gosh, sign. sign. sign. It's not a coincidence. It's supposed to It's not a coincidence. It's supposed to It's not a coincidence. It's supposed to happen to you. It's supposed to happen. happen to you. It's supposed to happen. happen to you. It's supposed to happen. >> [music] >> right here. >> right here. >> right here. Shinhong Art Market so they can explore Shinhong Art Market so they can explore Shinhong Art Market so they can explore a bit while we go to the Shinon shop. So a bit while we go to the Shinon shop. So a bit while we go to the Shinon shop. So plates, bowls and stuff. Cafe lang d plates, bowls and stuff. Cafe lang d plates, bowls and stuff. Cafe lang d sila sagit. We're here. Oh my [music] god. Ang ganda. Wow. Oh my [music] god. Ang ganda. Wow. Oh my [music] god. Ang ganda. Wow. This is so nice. This is so nice. This is so nice. Oh love. It's really cute. >> It's [music] quite heavy. So cute. So cute. So cute. Yes. Oh, 62,0001. Oh, 62,0001. Oh, 62,0001. That's really nice. It's made in Italy. This is giving inflatable pool. Oh, made This is giving inflatable pool. Oh, made This is giving inflatable pool. Oh, made in Germany in Germany in Germany to mga to to mga to to mga to gando. Look at this. It's so cute. Actually nice to naman blue. Actually nice to naman blue. Actually nice to naman blue. Super. Yes. Wow. Anganda anganda design. Super. Yes. Wow. Anganda anganda design. Super. Yes. Wow. Anganda anganda design. Look, Look, Look, look at that. The stars and this one sun. Parang nice to for me guys. Parang nice to for me guys. Parang nice to for me guys. This one is bigger para nong rice board. This one is bigger para nong rice board. This one is bigger para nong rice board. I really like it. You need to do You need to do You need to do it just it just it just checking this out, guys. I've always checking this out, guys. I've always checking this out, guys. I've always wanted this one. Parang ganong size wanted this one. Parang ganong size wanted this one. Parang ganong size [music] talagay nin dun sa may sofa [music] talagay nin dun sa may sofa [music] talagay nin dun sa may sofa area. area. area. Life update. We're here in Yoidong Hang Life update. We're here in Yoidong Hang Life update. We're here in Yoidong Hang Park. This is one of the most famous Han Park. This is one of the most famous Han Park. This is one of the most famous Han River spots like around 500 like around 500 like around 500 river. river. river. So I think this is the perfect time. Ta So I think this is the perfect time. Ta So I think this is the perfect time. Ta spider gum mag spider web [laughter] ano naman ano naman ano naman as in as in as in >> getting ready for bed bro catch up bro bro catch up bro bro catch up bro hey mag relax hey mag relax hey mag relax under the under the under the >> [music] >> We got time [singing] >> We got time [singing] >> We got time [singing] on our side. on our side. on our side. We're in a state of home. I [music] need We're in a state of home. I [music] need We're in a state of home. I [music] need you [singing] you [singing] you [singing] my thought. my thought. my thought. I want you to know that every I want you to know that every I want you to know that every [music and singing] time you're away, [music and singing] time you're away, [music and singing] time you're away, I long for you so much. I can find my I long for you so much. I can find my I long for you so much. I can find my way. way. way. Next goal. Yellow table makes it all makes it all makes it all >> sound on. Do you feel we got something wrong? And I saw [singing] you And I saw [singing] you And I saw [singing] you walk in the light. [music] And the [singing] truth may come as a And the [singing] truth may come as a And the [singing] truth may come as a surprise surprise surprise that we are feel. [singing and music] So, we're going to walk from the Han So, we're going to walk from the Han So, we're going to walk from the Han River to their hotel and my apartment. River to their hotel and my apartment. River to their hotel and my apartment. So, and this is the Han River. I I I >> Good morning. Time for our morning walk >> Good morning. Time for our morning walk >> Good morning. Time for our morning walk with Sandy. But just a quick life with Sandy. But just a quick life with Sandy. But just a quick life update. to my apartment. Total steps last night to my apartment. Total steps last night to my apartment. Total steps last night 20k steps guys apartment. I had so much fun, nice conversation, I had so much fun, nice conversation, I had so much fun, nice conversation, nice company. nice company. nice company. It's just that kitchen and stuff. So after we walk kitchen and stuff. So after we walk kitchen and stuff. So after we walk Sandy, which brings me to figure out I like it because you can customize the I like it because you can customize the I like it because you can customize the color of the bottle and then handle and color of the bottle and then handle and color of the bottle and then handle and then this one. It's really nice. then this one. It's really nice. then this one. It's really nice. Perfect. You can sip here and then um Perfect. You can sip here and then um Perfect. You can sip here and then um straw naman here straw naman here straw naman here which is which is which is glowin drink the beauty drink one. I'll glowin drink the beauty drink one. I'll glowin drink the beauty drink one. I'll link it in the description box. link it in the description box. link it in the description box. I'm planning to bring Sandy Park and I'm planning to bring Sandy Park and I'm planning to bring Sandy Park and usually walk like 1 hour usually walk like 1 hour usually walk like 1 hour today today today park park park for dogs for dogs for dogs environment. environment. environment. Also, it's an excuse for me to read a Also, it's an excuse for me to read a Also, it's an excuse for me to read a few chapters of a new book, guys. few chapters of a new book, guys. few chapters of a new book, guys. Recent read, which is Fort W. I like fantasy. When I was in high I like fantasy. When I was in high I like fantasy. When I was in high school, I remember loving the Mortal school, I remember loving the Mortal school, I remember loving the Mortal Instrument series, Shadow Hunters and Instrument series, Shadow Hunters and Instrument series, Shadow Hunters and stuff, stuff, stuff, Heavenly Fire getting back to fantasy. getting back to fantasy. getting back to fantasy. So, I don't know. I like it. I just thought it's I like it. I just thought it's I like it. I just thought it's an Harry Potter Hunger Games and then an Harry Potter Hunger Games and then an Harry Potter Hunger Games and then sprinkle League of Legends concept sprinkle League of Legends concept sprinkle League of Legends concept anyway anyway anyway and then let's go. I'll do this later after I'll do this later after I'll do this later after >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> M >> M >> M I need more. >> [music] >> [music] >> [music] >> Don't show me [singing and music] so far. so far. so far. Anyway, more in the coming vlogs. Let me Anyway, more in the coming vlogs. Let me Anyway, more in the coming vlogs. Let me know if you have any suggestions, know if you have any suggestions, know if you have any suggestions, comments. comments. comments. But I But I But I I'm not so sure. I'm not so sure. I'm not so sure. >> [music]