We're taking you with us to walk the Stations We're taking you with us to walk the Stations We're taking you with us to walk the Stations of the Cross in Lourdes.  So this morning, we got up of the Cross in Lourdes.  So this morning, we got up of the Cross in Lourdes.  So this morning, we got up at 8am with Keetana.  Look, at 8am with Keetana.  Look, at 8am with Keetana.  Look, I have a bag full of souvenirs. I have a bag full of souvenirs. I have a bag full of souvenirs. Keaetana, she was so looking forward to Keaetana, she was so looking forward to Keaetana, she was so looking forward to this ordeal, I swear. this ordeal, I swear. this ordeal, I swear. Heet? Heet? Heet? Yeah.  Yeah. Yeah.  Yeah. Yeah.  Yeah. Plus, today we don't have the support, Plus, today we don't have the support, Plus, today we don't have the support, so frankly, we're super happy. so frankly, we're super happy. so frankly, we're super happy. It was absolutely beautiful. It was absolutely beautiful. It was absolutely beautiful. I swear, this Stations of the Cross is I swear, this Stations of the Cross is I swear, this Stations of the Cross is so beautiful.  Keitana told me, so beautiful.  Keitana told me, so beautiful.  Keitana told me, "Mom, it's just magnificent."  I'm "Mom, it's just magnificent."  I'm "Mom, it's just magnificent."  I'm filming a few short sections of the Stations of the filming a few short sections of the Stations of the filming a few short sections of the Stations of the Cross.  Afterwards, we visited Cross.  Afterwards, we visited Cross.  Afterwards, we visited Bernadette Sirou's house. Bernadette Sirou's house. Bernadette Sirou's house. Honestly, it's magnificent.  Kaitana Honestly, it's magnificent.  Kaitana Honestly, it's magnificent.  Kaitana loved it.  We bought lots of loved it.  We bought lots of loved it.  We bought lots of souvenirs.  Let me know in the comments souvenirs.  Let me know in the comments souvenirs.  Let me know in the comments if you would like a hall of our memories if you would like a hall of our memories if you would like a hall of our memories in Lourdes.  And now we're going to wait until 1:45 pm in Lourdes.  And now we're going to wait until 1:45 pm in Lourdes.  And now we're going to wait until 1:45 pm because Kaitana absolutely wants to because Kaitana absolutely wants to because Kaitana absolutely wants to visit the wax museum.  It visit the wax museum.  It visit the wax museum.  It took us about 40 minutes to do the Stations of the Cross took us about 40 minutes to do the Stations of the Cross took us about 40 minutes to do the Stations of the Cross .  Are we talking .  Are we talking .  Are we talking about beauty?  But look, it's about beauty?  But look, it's about beauty?  But look, it's simply magnificent.  Kaana bought a simply magnificent.  Kaana bought a simply magnificent.  Kaana bought a small rose, so she's going to put it down. small rose, so she's going to put it down. small rose, so she's going to put it down. I am so proud of my daughter, I am so proud of my daughter, I am so proud of my daughter, you can't imagine.  So we you can't imagine.  So we you can't imagine.  So we continue.  We walk.  We walk. continue.  We walk.  We walk. continue.  We walk.  We walk. Honestly, it feels so good. Honestly, it feels so good. Honestly, it feels so good. After that, we're going to sit down with Keitana and have After that, we're going to sit down with Keitana and have After that, we're going to sit down with Keitana and have a bite to eat.  Afterwards, we'll a bite to eat.  Afterwards, we'll a bite to eat.  Afterwards, we'll go to the cave to light our torches. go to the cave to light our torches. go to the cave to light our torches. We bought small jicans to We bought small jicans to We bought small jicans to fill with obenity. fill with obenity. fill with obenity. I hope you enjoyed this ordeal with I hope you enjoyed this ordeal with I hope you enjoyed this ordeal with you.  Anyway, we'll you.  Anyway, we'll you.  Anyway, we'll leave you to it.  We send you lots of leave you to it.  We send you lots of leave you to it.  We send you lots of kisses and above all, take care of yourselves. kisses and above all, take care of yourselves. kisses and above all, take care of yourselves. Mr.