Hey guys and welcome to this vlog.  This Hey guys and welcome to this vlog.  This Hey guys and welcome to this vlog.  This is another weekend vlog. is another weekend vlog. is another weekend vlog. Therefore, it's Saturday.  My alarm clock is Therefore, it's Saturday.  My alarm clock is Therefore, it's Saturday.  My alarm clock is going off.  It's really, really warm.  It's going off.  It's really, really warm.  It's going off.  It's really, really warm.  It's already 26°C, it's 10 o'clock already 26°C, it's 10 o'clock already 26°C, it's 10 o'clock and I'm going to do my hair now.   I'm definitely going to and I'm going to do my hair now.   I'm definitely going to Cologne now.  I'm going to visit Julia, Cologne now.  I'm going to visit Julia, Cologne now.  I'm going to visit Julia, and I'm going to vlog today and and I'm going to vlog today and and I'm going to vlog today and tomorrow about what we do.  Julas, my tomorrow about what we do.  Julas, my tomorrow about what we do.  Julas, my plan is actually to get an Assa Bowl plan is actually to get an Assa Bowl plan is actually to get an Assa Bowl and go shopping, because I really feel like and go shopping, because I really feel like and go shopping, because I really feel like spending some money right now.  Then spending some money right now.  Then spending some money right now.  Then she redoes my nails. she redoes my nails. she redoes my nails. She's also supposed to cut my hair, but She's also supposed to cut my hair, but She's also supposed to cut my hair, but she doesn't know about that yet.  And in the evening she doesn't know about that yet.  And in the evening she doesn't know about that yet.  And in the evening we'll get ready because we'll get ready because we'll get ready because we're going to the Bad Bunny concert in we're going to the Bad Bunny concert in we're going to the Bad Bunny concert in Düsseldorf.  I'll be at Düsseldorf.  I'll be at Düsseldorf.  I'll be at a birthday party later, but you'll a birthday party later, but you'll a birthday party later, but you'll see all that.  But I have see all that.  But I have see all that.  But I have the feeling I'm getting heatstroke or the feeling I'm getting heatstroke or the feeling I'm getting heatstroke or something.  So, accordingly, I'll remain something.  So, accordingly, I'll remain something.  So, accordingly, I'll remain without makeup for now.  I've already without makeup for now.  I've already without makeup for now.  I've already packed all my things.  I think packed all my things.  I think packed all my things.  I think I have an incredibly cool outfit. I have an incredibly cool outfit. I have an incredibly cool outfit. I bought it specifically for that purpose. I bought it specifically for that purpose. I bought it specifically for that purpose. I think it will get a little I think it will get a little I think it will get a little warm because it's a pair of shorts made warm because it's a pair of shorts made warm because it's a pair of shorts made of denim and a long, tight of denim and a long, tight of denim and a long, tight denim jacket.  And I think the jacket will denim jacket.  And I think the jacket will denim jacket.  And I think the jacket will kill me a little, but whatever.  That's definitely where I am right now kill me a little, but whatever.  That's definitely where I am right now kill me a little, but whatever.  That's definitely where I am right now . . . And I have another package that And I have another package that And I have another package that I need to leave at Mila's door.  And now I'm going to I need to leave at Mila's door.  And now I'm going to I need to leave at Mila's door.  And now I'm going to take this bag again, and take this bag again, and take this bag again, and I just quickly I just quickly I just quickly painted my toenails because I want to painted my toenails because I want to painted my toenails because I want to wear Philip Flops.  I'm afraid it's wear Philip Flops.  I'm afraid it's wear Philip Flops.  I'm afraid it's not dry yet. not dry yet. not dry yet. I should have left already.  Well, this I should have left already.  Well, this I should have left already.  Well, this is my is my is my outfit now. outfit now. outfit now. Ah, I still need to put on my bracelets Ah, I still need to put on my bracelets Ah, I still need to put on my bracelets .  Wait, my top is .  Wait, my top is .  Wait, my top is from Hollister.  The trousers are by from Hollister.  The trousers are by from Hollister.  The trousers are by Stradivarius. Stradivarius. Stradivarius. The flip-flops are from Havianas The flip-flops are from Havianas The flip-flops are from Havianas and the bag is from Coach.  I have and the bag is from Coach.  I have and the bag is from Coach.  I have no idea if it's fake or no idea if it's fake or no idea if it's fake or not.  I got them for my not.  I got them for my not.  I got them for my birthday at some point because I thought they were super birthday at some point because I thought they were super birthday at some point because I thought they were super cool.  From eBay or something. cool.  From eBay or something. cool.  From eBay or something. Therefore, I have no idea.  Oh, I'm sweating buckets right now Therefore, I have no idea.  Oh, I'm sweating buckets right now Therefore, I have no idea.  Oh, I'm sweating buckets right now .  Oh, my .  Oh, my .  Oh, my bracelets.  [ __ ].  I don't know if bracelets.  [ __ ].  I don't know if bracelets.  [ __ ].  I don't know if I'm using all the bracelets right now, I'm using all the bracelets right now, I'm using all the bracelets right now, [snorting] because somehow it's too [snorting] because somehow it's too [snorting] because somehow it's too much for me at the moment.  It's kind of disgusting. much for me at the moment.  It's kind of disgusting. much for me at the moment.  It's kind of disgusting. Maybe I'll leave the clock out.  I Maybe I'll leave the clock out.  I Maybe I'll leave the clock out.  I think that so often.  In the end, I always put think that so often.  In the end, I always put think that so often.  In the end, I always put all the bracelets on anyway. all the bracelets on anyway. all the bracelets on anyway. Therefore, it doesn't really make Therefore, it doesn't really make Therefore, it doesn't really make sense.  Look, this looks so sense.  Look, this looks so sense.  Look, this looks so incomplete.  No, I have to incomplete.  No, I have to incomplete.  No, I have to get dressed [snort].  I think get dressed [snort].  I think get dressed [snort].  I think I'll leave out this fat one and just take this one, I'll leave out this fat one and just take this one, I'll leave out this fat one and just take this one, and then I'll remove this one. and then I'll remove this one. and then I'll remove this one. Wow, those earrings are amazing.  Okay, see you Wow, those earrings are amazing.  Okay, see you Wow, those earrings are amazing.  Okay, see you in the car.  Wait.  I turned off in the car.  Wait.  I turned off in the car.  Wait.  I turned off the air conditioning especially for you the air conditioning especially for you the air conditioning especially for you so you could hear me.  Anyway, so you could hear me.  Anyway, so you could hear me.  Anyway, I've just I've just I've just dropped my things off at Mila's dropped my things off at Mila's dropped my things off at Mila's and now I'm continuing my journey.  I'm so and now I'm continuing my journey.  I'm so and now I'm continuing my journey.  I'm so hot.  I just stepped outside for hot.  I just stepped outside for hot.  I just stepped outside for a second.  I'm sweating again. a second.  I'm sweating again. a second.  I'm sweating again. I don't know what we're thinking, I don't know what we're thinking, I don't know what we're thinking, going shopping now, but my going shopping now, but my going shopping now, but my God, what's with the God, what's with the God, what's with the sun?  Yes, that's really all I have to sun?  Yes, that's really all I have to sun?  Yes, that's really all I have to say right now.  I'm say right now.  I'm say right now.  I'm really looking forward to these ace-somethings.  I think it's supposed to be really really looking forward to these ace-somethings.  I think it's supposed to be really really looking forward to these ace-somethings.  I think it's supposed to be really awesome.  Well, she looks awesome.  Well, she looks awesome.  Well, she looks beautiful, at least.  I'm really looking forward to beautiful, at least.  I'm really looking forward to beautiful, at least.  I'm really looking forward to my nails.  I ca my nails.  I ca my nails.  I ca n't explain it right now.  I can tell you, n't explain it right now.  I can tell you, n't explain it right now.  I can tell you, you'll see how they turn out later anyway, you'll see how they turn out later anyway, you'll see how they turn out later anyway, but I plan to be a bit but I plan to be a bit but I plan to be a bit cooler.  I simply decided to do it, cooler.  I simply decided to do it, cooler.  I simply decided to do it, and that's why I want to do my and that's why I want to do my and that's why I want to do my nails like this.  First, back to square, nails like this.  First, back to square, nails like this.  First, back to square, so not square, ballerina.  I think so not square, ballerina.  I think so not square, ballerina.  I think many people don't like that, but I kind of like it many people don't like that, but I kind of like it many people don't like that, but I kind of like it .  And then he .  And then he .  And then he checks out this crocodile pattern as a French pattern, checks out this crocodile pattern as a French pattern, checks out this crocodile pattern as a French pattern, though.  And then with such a dark though.  And then with such a dark though.  And then with such a dark green, a kimono.   Some of you might be green, a kimono.   Some of you might be green, a kimono.   Some of you might be realizing it now, some realizing it now, some realizing it now, some might not, but you'll see later. might not, but you'll see later. might not, but you'll see later. That goes really well with my That goes really well with my That goes really well with my outfit, because my outfit for later is outfit, because my outfit for later is outfit, because my outfit for later is also green.  Yes, this will be amazing. also green.  Yes, this will be amazing. also green.  Yes, this will be amazing. I'm definitely leaving now, I'm definitely leaving now, I'm definitely leaving now, and yes, I'll see you there.  Hey, dude, my and yes, I'll see you there.  Hey, dude, my and yes, I'll see you there.  Hey, dude, my flight is seriously cancelled. flight is seriously cancelled. flight is seriously cancelled. That's just incredibly awesome. That's just incredibly awesome. That's just incredibly awesome. That makes absolutely no sense. That makes absolutely no sense. That makes absolutely no sense. Is it really painted? Is it really painted? Is it really painted? Yes, he's no longer there. Yes, he's no longer there. Yes, he's no longer there. Yes, but they can't Yes, but they can't Yes, but they can't just take another one from you.  Maybe just take another one from you.  Maybe just take another one from you.  Maybe you'd like to fly a day later you'd like to fly a day later you'd like to fly a day later .  Wait, where is that thing now?   Straight ahead .  Wait, where is that thing now?   Straight ahead .  Wait, where is that thing now?   Straight ahead .  Oh, I see. I'm .  Oh, I see. I'm .  Oh, I see. I'm shocked.  Yes, I really need to shocked.  Yes, I really need to shocked.  Yes, I really need to briefly tell you what went down. briefly tell you what went down. briefly tell you what went down. Yes, Yes, Yes, we've been on our feet for three hours already we've been on our feet for three hours already we've been on our feet for three hours already , you could say that on our legs , you could say that on our legs , you could say that on our legs . . . Um, actually I wanted to go fat shopping, but it didn't Um, actually I wanted to go fat shopping, but it didn't Um, actually I wanted to go fat shopping, but it didn't work out so well.  I work out so well.  I work out so well.  I bought two rings.  I'll show you in a moment bought two rings.  I'll show you in a moment bought two rings.  I'll show you in a moment .  Yes, .  Yes, .  Yes, and Asaiball was delicious, blah blah.  And and Asaiball was delicious, blah blah.  And and Asaiball was delicious, blah blah.  And now we're going to get a Machi. Diger, the sign was no longer Diger, the sign was no longer Diger, the sign was no longer visible. Simi, Simi, Simi, can I stir this all the way through now?  Dude, can I stir this all the way through now?  Dude, can I stir this all the way through now?  Dude, I'm... Oh my God, I'm I'm... Oh my God, I'm I'm... Oh my God, I'm overstimulated right now.  No way, dude, practical, right?  H, I already dude, practical, right?  H, I already dude, practical, right?  H, I already sent that to you. sent that to you. sent that to you. Yes I know.  You didn't order it, Yes I know.  You didn't order it, Yes I know.  You didn't order it, but you could just but you could just but you could just drop it in there.  No, I haven't drop it in there.  No, I haven't drop it in there.  No, I haven't ordered it yet, because you have my camera. ordered it yet, because you have my camera. ordered it yet, because you have my camera. Jana sent me a tripod and Jana sent me a tripod and Jana sent me a tripod and I thought I'd order it, but I thought I'd order it, but I thought I'd order it, but then I realized I do then I realized I do then I realized I do n't even own that camera anymore. n't even own that camera anymore. n't even own that camera anymore. I swear, I'll buy them I swear, I'll buy them I swear, I'll buy them sometime.  I don't really need them sometime.  I don't really need them sometime.  I don't really need them .  That's okay. .  That's okay. .  That's okay. Oh, very delicious. Oh, very delicious. Oh, very delicious. But it's very practical. But it's very practical. But it's very practical. Yes, Yes, Yes, I want the camera back.  Fun. I want the camera back.  Fun. I want the camera back.  Fun. Mhm.   That's Mhm.   That's Mhm.   That's delicious.   Yes delicious.   Yes delicious.   Yes .   Uh .   Uh .   Uh .  That's happening .  That's happening .  That's happening automatically now. automatically now. automatically now. No, I was just there, that was a No, I was just there, that was a No, I was just there, that was a huge shock, because it's normally disgusting. huge shock, because it's normally disgusting. huge shock, because it's normally disgusting. Yes, I'm telling you, it tastes good to me, it always Yes, I'm telling you, it tastes good to me, it always Yes, I'm telling you, it tastes good to me, it always tastes good to me, actually tastes good to me, actually tastes good to me, actually never to me.  Okay.  I think that's never to me.  Okay.  I think that's never to me.  Okay.  I think that's absolutely fantastic.  Oh, the buildings are very absolutely fantastic.  Oh, the buildings are very absolutely fantastic.  Oh, the buildings are very beautiful from the outside.   Do beautiful from the outside.   Do beautiful from the outside.   Do you want to try it?   It you want to try it?   It you want to try it?   It 's orange juice with matcha, it just tastes like oranges, a just tastes like oranges, a just tastes like oranges, a little bit like matcha.  Which is crazy, because little bit like matcha.  Which is crazy, because little bit like matcha.  Which is crazy, because it's so incredibly green. it's so incredibly green. it's so incredibly green. Yes, but it basically just tastes like Yes, but it basically just tastes like Yes, but it basically just tastes like Orange Ping. Orange Ping. Orange Ping. Yes, but only because he's so persistent Yes, but only because he's so persistent Yes, but only because he's so persistent .  Okay, let's go home now .  Okay, let's go home now .  Okay, let's go home now .  Yes, .  Yes, .  Yes, we are a bit pressed for time, we are a bit pressed for time, we are a bit pressed for time, at least in my opinion.  Jul is at least in my opinion.  Jul is at least in my opinion.  Jul is really relaxed. really relaxed. really relaxed. I'm not relaxed at all. I'm not relaxed at all. I'm not relaxed at all. Yes, it will be fine. Yes, it will be fine. Yes, it will be fine. What about the bread now? What about the bread now? What about the bread now? Yes, we'll take a look at that right away. Yes, we'll take a look at that right away. Yes, we'll take a look at that right away. Yes, how about the same?  I thought we were going Yes, how about the same?  I thought we were going Yes, how about the same?  I thought we were going home now. home now. home now. Yes, I would say we go Yes, I would say we go Yes, I would say we go home first, do all those home first, do all those home first, do all those things, and then on the way to Barum things, and then on the way to Barum things, and then on the way to Barum train station train station train station I'll pick up Begüm and you can go to I'll pick up Begüm and you can go to I'll pick up Begüm and you can go to Mhlbergstadt to get Mond.   Okay Mhlbergstadt to get Mond.   Okay Mhlbergstadt to get Mond.   Okay .  Or I could ask Mom if it's really that .  Or I could ask Mom if it's really that .  Or I could ask Mom if it's really that important.  Yes, I can important.  Yes, I can important.  Yes, I can also bring bread on the way if I come on Sunday, yes, also bring bread on the way if I come on Sunday, yes, also bring bread on the way if I come on Sunday, yes, then I can bring what then I can bring what she wants.  Out of.  Oh she wants.  Out of.  Oh she wants.  Out of.  Oh , that's the way. , that's the way. , that's the way. What am I supposed to say now?  Yes, well, we What am I supposed to say now?  Yes, well, we What am I supposed to say now?  Yes, well, we have time, we have to leave in 2 hours 15 have time, we have to leave in 2 hours 15 have time, we have to leave in 2 hours 15 , because it starts... you did , because it starts... you did , because it starts... you did n't even have to enter my address n't even have to enter my address n't even have to enter my address somehow. somehow. somehow. Are you simply without? Are you simply without? Are you simply without? No, no, no, no, no.  I have. No, no, no, no, no.  I have. No, no, no, no, no.  I have. Wasn't she there?  OK.  Wang, yeah, what, Wasn't she there?  OK.  Wang, yeah, what, Wasn't she there?  OK.  Wang, yeah, what, man, where was I? man, where was I? man, where was I? Right, please. Right, please. Right, please. And what was I going to say?  Yes, our And what was I going to say?  Yes, our And what was I going to say?  Yes, our time is up.  We still have 2 left, time is up.  We still have 2 left, time is up.  We still have 2 left, already 15. We still have to do my nails already 15. We still have to do my nails already 15. We still have to do my nails .  I was just about to say, "I'm going to dye my hair .  I was just about to say, "I'm going to dye my hair .  I was just about to say, "I'm going to dye my hair ."  Haircut and we're ."  Haircut and we're ."  Haircut and we're done.  Yes, I'm feeling a bit clouded done.  Yes, I'm feeling a bit clouded done.  Yes, I'm feeling a bit clouded and I mean and I mean and I mean I can't talk right now. I can't talk right now. I can't talk right now. Oh, right, get ready.  You know, putting on makeup Oh, right, get ready.  You know, putting on makeup Oh, right, get ready.  You know, putting on makeup and stuff, right? and stuff, right? and stuff, right? Dude, I still have to pack my whole suitcase Dude, I still have to pack my whole suitcase Dude, I still have to pack my whole suitcase because I'm suddenly because I'm suddenly because I'm suddenly flying at 0:20 instead of 6 am. flying at 0:20 instead of 6 am. flying at 0:20 instead of 6 am. Yes, that's great too. Yes, that's great too. Yes, that's great too. Huh?  I think that's totally sick. Huh?  I think that's totally sick. Huh?  I think that's totally sick. They can't do that there.   It They can't do that there.   It They can't do that there.   It 's very tasty.  B gave a good 's very tasty.  B gave a good 's very tasty.  B gave a good recommendation.   Yes recommendation.   Yes recommendation.   Yes .  Okay, BG, .  Okay, BG, .  Okay, BG, we'll start doing my nails now we'll start doing my nails now we'll start doing my nails now .  F her. .  F her. .  F her. [music][singing] [music] Okay guys , we're done.  Julia is , we're done.  Julia is , we're done.  Julia is finished.  This is now the devotion. finished.  This is now the devotion. finished.  This is now the devotion. Julia is simply amazing.  Awesome.  I just Julia is simply amazing.  Awesome.  I just Julia is simply amazing.  Awesome.  I just went down here for a moment because went down here for a moment because went down here for a moment because I have my basket with I have my basket with I have my basket with all my clothes [music] and my all my clothes [music] and my all my clothes [music] and my makeup.  We're late to Lowy, but makeup.  We're late to Lowy, but makeup.  We're late to Lowy, but whatever.  I will now also wear silver jewelry whatever.  I will now also wear silver jewelry whatever.  I will now also wear silver jewelry .  I specifically .  I specifically .  I specifically chose that bag because it has silver chose that bag because it has silver chose that bag because it has silver on it.  Diger the music, because on this on it.  Diger the music, because on this on it.  Diger the music, because on this set [music] here there are only silver buttons set [music] here there are only silver buttons set [music] here there are only silver buttons on it and I actually mix, but this on it and I actually mix, but this on it and I actually mix, but this triggers me anyway.  I'll put this on triggers me anyway.  I'll put this on triggers me anyway.  I'll put this on now.  Okay, I've turned it on now. now.  Okay, I've turned it on now. now.  Okay, I've turned it on now. I've plastered myself with silver jewelry, I've plastered myself with silver jewelry, I've plastered myself with silver jewelry, and this is what I look like now.  Where and this is what I look like now.  Where and this is what I look like now.  Where can I put this?  So, the can I put this?  So, the can I put this?  So, the boots are obviously still missing, but boots are obviously still missing, but boots are obviously still missing, but this is the outfit, I think it's this is the outfit, I think it's this is the outfit, I think it's really cool.  Just check out the cute stuff really cool.  Just check out the cute stuff really cool.  Just check out the cute stuff .  I'll also put on .  I'll also put on .  I'll also put on these black cowboy boots.  And now these black cowboy boots.  And now these black cowboy boots.  And now I'm going to put on my makeup.   Look I'm going to put on my makeup.   Look I'm going to put on my makeup.   Look .  Wow, awesome.  Looks really cool.  Who .  Wow, awesome.  Looks really cool.  Who .  Wow, awesome.  Looks really cool.  Who is Zara?  That's awesome, dude is Zara?  That's awesome, dude is Zara?  That's awesome, dude . . . I'm ready now. I'm ready now. I'm ready now. Oh, [snorting] Julia is just going to Oh, [snorting] Julia is just going to cut my hair a little shorter in the front and I wanted to cut my hair a little shorter in the front and I wanted to cut my hair a little shorter in the front and I wanted to quickly show you my rings.  I initially quickly show you my rings.  I initially quickly show you my rings.  I initially copied him a little, but then I found copied him a little, but then I found copied him a little, but then I found him him him incredibly nice.  I'm not putting them on yet incredibly nice.  I'm not putting them on yet incredibly nice.  I'm not putting them on yet because I need several and I because I need several and I because I need several and I only have these two with me right now.  That's only have these two with me right now.  That's only have these two with me right now.  That's it.  How did the packing go? it.  How did the packing go? it.  How did the packing go? Phenomenal. Phenomenal. Phenomenal. Full of beauty.   Oh Full of beauty.   Oh Full of beauty.   Oh wow. wow. wow. Yes, Yes, Yes, not that I'm not that I'm not that I'm serious, but nothing more comes out serious, but nothing more comes out serious, but nothing more comes out . Still uncertain, but it's on its way. Still uncertain, but it's on its way. Still uncertain, but it's on its way. Can you fill up my Stay?   Can you recognize the sounds? you recognize the sounds? you recognize the sounds? I don't know, but they're really I don't know, but they're really I don't know, but they're really slow. slow. slow. We actually have the most stressful time of our We actually have the most stressful time of our We actually have the most stressful time of our lives, but we have to lives, but we have to lives, but we have to find priorities.  We are hungry.  What's up?  My find priorities.  We are hungry.  What's up?  My find priorities.  We are hungry.  What's up?  My God, it's triggering me so much right now God, it's triggering me so much right now God, it's triggering me so much right now that I couldn't even use TikTok anymore that I couldn't even use TikTok anymore that I couldn't even use TikTok anymore , huh? , huh? , huh? My outfit is so cool. My outfit is so cool. My outfit is so cool. Is this my Happy Meal now? Is this my Happy Meal now? Is this my Happy Meal now? No.   Are No.   Are No.   Are you taking the coupon?   Yes you taking the coupon?   Yes you taking the coupon?   Yes . . . Loki.  Actually, it's really stupid that Loki.  Actually, it's really stupid that Loki.  Actually, it's really stupid that I'm not using the coupon too, isn't it?   Yes I'm not using the coupon too, isn't it?   Yes I'm not using the coupon too, isn't it?   Yes . . . Okay, I'll take one too. Okay, I'll take one too. Okay, I'll take one too. Thanks. Hey guys, a lot has happened since Hey guys, a lot has happened since Hey guys, a lot has happened since our McDonald's visit.  Have you already our McDonald's visit.  Have you already our McDonald's visit.  Have you already mentioned that it starts an hour earlier mentioned that it starts an hour earlier mentioned that it starts an hour earlier ?  I don't know.  We thought it would start ?  I don't know.  We thought it would start ?  I don't know.  We thought it would start an hour earlier because we were an hour earlier because we were an hour earlier because we were stupid, because we let ourselves be fooled stupid, because we let ourselves be fooled stupid, because we let ourselves be fooled by some TikToks. by some TikToks. by some TikToks. Apparently not.  Therefore, they Apparently not.  Therefore, they Apparently not.  Therefore, they have now rushed things unnecessarily. have now rushed things unnecessarily. have now rushed things unnecessarily. Actually, we're perfect. Actually, we're perfect. Actually, we're perfect. The preview starts in 4 minutes, but we do The preview starts in 4 minutes, but we do The preview starts in 4 minutes, but we do n't care about that anyway.  And now we're looking for n't care about that anyway.  And now we're looking for n't care about that anyway.  And now we're looking for the lodge the lodge the lodge and and and I can't take it anymore.  We're in.  I I can't take it anymore.  We're in.  I I can't take it anymore.  We're in.  I can not anymore.  We are not doing well. can not anymore.  We are not doing well. can not anymore.  We are not doing well. It hasn't even started yet, and It hasn't even started yet, and It hasn't even started yet, and not everyone is even inside.  It not everyone is even inside.  It not everyone is even inside.  It 's incredibly warm, 's incredibly warm, 's incredibly warm, but it's huge. but it's huge. but it's huge. Yes, we're looking for a Yes, we're looking for a Yes, we're looking for a cooler place now, if there is one. cooler place now, if there is one. cooler place now, if there is one. We have arrived at a better place: We have arrived at a better place: We have arrived at a better place: the food.   Did the food.   Did the food.   Did you notice that there are cheese rolls? you notice that there are cheese rolls? you notice that there are cheese rolls? Cheese baguette. Cheese baguette. Cheese baguette. Yes, I've never seen that before. Yes, I've never seen that before. Yes, I've never seen that before. That's so cool.  I want That's so cool.  I want That's so cool.  I want one, and I'd like a pretzel thing. one, and I'd like a pretzel thing. one, and I'd like a pretzel thing. Okay, let's do it then.  I'll get him Okay, let's do it then.  I'll get him Okay, let's do it then.  I'll get him with cheese.  You don't like it anyway?   Yes with cheese.  You don't like it anyway?   Yes with cheese.  You don't like it anyway?   Yes .  No, with sesame seeds.   It .  No, with sesame seeds.   It .  No, with sesame seeds.   It 's up there.   Yes 's up there.   Yes 's up there.   Yes .  Yes.  OK.  Ses.  Yes, .  Yes.  OK.  Ses.  Yes, .  Yes.  OK.  Ses.  Yes, I've already touched it. I've already touched it. I've already touched it. I still sweat about that.  Should I I still sweat about that.  Should I I still sweat about that.  Should I cut it open for you? Uh, no. Uh, no. Uh, no. Would you like some Would you like some Would you like some cream cheese? cream cheese? cream cheese? No.  Nothing at all.  That's not really No.  Nothing at all.  That's not really No.  Nothing at all.  That's not really my thing [music].  Test button.  Bread. my thing [music].  Test button.  Bread. my thing [music].  Test button.  Bread. Test button.  By the way, that's also Test button.  By the way, that's also Test button.  By the way, that's also important.   A important.   A important.   A bit sticky. bit sticky. bit sticky. I was expecting something different, I was expecting something different, I was expecting something different, but this is absolutely delicious.  K the but this is absolutely delicious.  K the but this is absolutely delicious.  K the own own own pink pink pink with butter.   That with butter.   That with butter.   That 's delicious.  Is the butter salty?   Do 's delicious.  Is the butter salty?   Do 's delicious.  Is the butter salty?   Do n't believe it.   Is n't believe it.   Is n't believe it.   Is nobody sitting there?  [music] My ears.   She's My ears.   She's My ears.   She's also so depressed.  Julia and also so depressed.  Julia and also so depressed.  Julia and I have to I have to I have to leave the concert early because of Julia's flight.  I leave the concert early because of Julia's flight.  I leave the concert early because of Julia's flight.  I wanted to fly at 6 a.m.  Yes, wanted to fly at 6 a.m.  Yes, wanted to fly at 6 a.m.  Yes, but it's kind of a but it's kind of a but it's kind of a review. review. review. It was totally awesome.  I think it was It was totally awesome.  I think it was It was totally awesome.  I think it was really intense there.  I wasn't really that hyped, to be really intense there.  I wasn't really that hyped, to be really intense there.  I wasn't really that hyped, to be honest.   But then honest.   But then honest.   But then I was like that, so I was like that, so I was like that, so I thought it was... I think I'm shouting I thought it was... I think I'm shouting I thought it was... I think I'm shouting right.  Where do we need to go? right.  Where do we need to go? right.  Where do we need to go? You weren't like that.  I wasn't You weren't like that.  I wasn't You weren't like that.  I wasn't so sick before, because I'm not sick now either so sick before, because I'm not sick now either so sick before, because I'm not sick now either , so I'm not a , so I'm not a , so I'm not a huge world-wide sick person. huge world-wide sick person. huge world-wide sick person. Yes, but because I Yes, but because I Yes, but because I had no idea or expectation, had no idea or expectation, had no idea or expectation, I found it all the more shocking. I found it all the more shocking. I found it all the more shocking. It was really, really intense It was really, really intense It was really, really intense . . . The first hour was absolutely awful, The first hour was absolutely awful, The first hour was absolutely awful, because because because it was just so incredibly hot.  I thought it was just so incredibly hot.  I thought it was just so incredibly hot.  I thought I was going to die I was going to die I was going to die because the roof was closed.   Yes because the roof was closed.   Yes because the roof was closed.   Yes .  And right now we're having a really .  And right now we're having a really .  And right now we're having a really pleasant time. pleasant time. pleasant time. It was really pleasant. It was really pleasant. It was really pleasant. Yes, it was totally awesome. Yes, it was totally awesome. Yes, it was totally awesome. It was also cool that it was closed beforehand, It was also cool that it was closed beforehand, It was also cool that it was closed beforehand, because it was already dark and now it's because it was already dark and now it's because it was already dark and now it's light again, light again, creating two different moods, creating two different moods, creating two different moods, but the atmosphere there was crazy. but the atmosphere there was crazy. but the atmosphere there was crazy. Yes, Yes, Yes, I think I've never been I think I've never been I think I've never been to a concert where the atmosphere to a concert where the atmosphere to a concert where the atmosphere was so intense. was so intense. was so intense. It was just different because It was just different because It was just different because everyone was everyone was everyone was dancing.  I thought that was really dancing.  I thought that was really dancing.  I thought that was really cute.  I have no idea.  I don't cute.  I have no idea.  I don't cute.  I have no idea.  I don't think so, somehow.  I thought that was kind of think so, somehow.  I thought that was kind of think so, somehow.  I thought that was kind of cute.  In between I cute.  In between I cute.  In between I sounded out and then I sounded out and then I sounded out and then I looked at the crowd and everyone was looked at the crowd and everyone was looked at the crowd and everyone was dancing.  Reall ysweet.  Everyone was so dancing.  Reall ysweet.  Everyone was so dancing.  Reall ysweet.  Everyone was so happy, simply happy, simply happy, simply because of him.  I just because of him.  I just because of him.  I just said that to you too.  What did I said that to you too.  What did I said that to you too.  What did I say?  That I find that so shocking.   Imagine if say?  That I find that so shocking.   Imagine if everyone had everyone had everyone had so much fun just because of you, only you as the only person.  It's really fun, everyone is so much fun just because of you, only you as the only person.  It's really fun, everyone is so much fun just because of you, only you as the only person.  It's really fun, everyone is laughing and dancing.  Oh, that's great!  He laughing and dancing.  Oh, that's great!  He laughing and dancing.  Oh, that's great!  He must feel amazing.  I can't even see must feel amazing.  I can't even see must feel amazing.  I can't even see my car. my car. my car. Me neither.  We definitely Me neither.  We definitely Me neither.  We definitely parked on the left.  Yes, just a very parked on the left.  Yes, just a very parked on the left.  Yes, just a very short way to the right. short way to the right. short way to the right. I need to change my trousers now.   Do I need to change my trousers now.   Do I need to change my trousers now.   Do you think I can just do this quickly here in the corner you think I can just do this quickly here in the corner you think I can just do this quickly here in the corner ? ? ? That's awesome.  Peace, guys.  As you That's awesome.  Peace, guys.  As you That's awesome.  Peace, guys.  As you can see, it's the next day.  It can see, it's the next day.  It can see, it's the next day.  It 's dark here, oh God.  It's 's dark here, oh God.  It's 's dark here, oh God.  It's 10:44 AM.  I don't know what's wrong 10:44 AM.  I don't know what's wrong 10:44 AM.  I don't know what's wrong with me.  Actually, I was always a very with me.  Actually, I was always a very with me.  Actually, I was always a very late sleeper, at least until 12 o'clock. late sleeper, at least until 12 o'clock. late sleeper, at least until 12 o'clock. But I've been awake since 10 o'clock.  And But I've been awake since 10 o'clock.  And But I've been awake since 10 o'clock.  And guys, I have such cool pictures.  I guys, I have such cool pictures.  I guys, I have such cool pictures.  I just finished my Instagram post just finished my Instagram post just finished my Instagram post and story, and is it okay to be way too and story, and is it okay to be way too and story, and is it okay to be way too bright sometimes? Is it okay to just bright sometimes? Is it okay to just bright sometimes? Is it okay to just be that cool? Amazing, somehow.  And guys, my Inst, Amazing, somehow.  And guys, my Inst, Amazing, somehow.  And guys, my Inst, I'm so proud of him.  I saw I'm so proud of him.  I saw I'm so proud of him.  I saw something on TikTok or something similar something on TikTok or something similar something on TikTok or something similar for ideas for Instagram posts, for ideas for Instagram posts, for ideas for Instagram posts, and it said you should just and it said you should just and it said you should just take pictures with a take pictures with a take pictures with a digital camera for a whole day, and then you can put them in the digital camera for a whole day, and then you can put them in the digital camera for a whole day, and then you can put them in the caption. caption. caption. And guys, if you don't And guys, if you don't And guys, if you don't tell me this is cool, I'm going to be tell me this is cool, I'm going to be tell me this is cool, I'm going to be incredibly angry, because first of all, how beautiful incredibly angry, because first of all, how beautiful incredibly angry, because first of all, how beautiful is this picture?  I'm very proud of the is this picture?  I'm very proud of the is this picture?  I'm very proud of the picture, and if you have picture, and if you have picture, and if you have n't seen it on Instagram yet, well, I'll just show it to n't seen it on Instagram yet, well, I'll just show it to n't seen it on Instagram yet, well, I'll just show it to you now.  Wow, you now.  Wow, you now.  Wow, wow, wow.  I think it's really cool think it's really cool think it's really cool too.  The picture is kind of too.  The picture is kind of too.  The picture is kind of awesome.  But I like them all.  Oh, it's so awesome.  But I like them all.  Oh, it's so awesome.  But I like them all.  Oh, it's so cool.  I'm incredibly proud of it.  As cool.  I'm incredibly proud of it.  As cool.  I'm incredibly proud of it.  As you can see, I put a lot of you can see, I put a lot of you can see, I put a lot of thought into my Instagram post, but I just really thought into my Instagram post, but I just really thought into my Instagram post, but I just really enjoy it.  Yes, okay.   Was there enjoy it.  Yes, okay.   Was there enjoy it.  Yes, okay.   Was there anything else I wanted to do?  I anything else I wanted to do?  I anything else I wanted to do?  I also have a lot of really cool pictures, I was also have a lot of really cool pictures, I was also have a lot of really cool pictures, I was at the birthday party yesterday, at the birthday party yesterday, but I can't but I can't but I can't show them now because there are people in them who show them now because there are people in them who show them now because there are people in them who might not get it.  The might not get it.  The might not get it.  The birthday party was fun too.  The birthday party was fun too.  The birthday party was fun too.  The last thing I filmed was, I think, last thing I filmed was, I think, last thing I filmed was, I think, in the parking garage, where I changed my pants in the parking garage, where I changed my pants in the parking garage, where I changed my pants because I didn't want to go there because I didn't want to go there because I didn't want to go there in boots, and guys, I was in boots, and guys, I was in boots, and guys, I was sweating sweating sweating like a pig.  Omg, but I think like a pig.  Omg, but I think like a pig.  Omg, but I think we've already told that story.  It was so we've already told that story.  It was so we've already told that story.  It was so bad.  For some reason, bad.  For some reason, bad.  For some reason, my makeup was still somehow there at the birthday party my makeup was still somehow there at the birthday party my makeup was still somehow there at the birthday party .  I touched up my makeup a little .  I touched up my makeup a little .  I touched up my makeup a little , but , but , but not really.  It was still there somehow. not really.  It was still there somehow. not really.  It was still there somehow. I don't know what's wrong with my face either I don't know what's wrong with my face either I don't know what's wrong with my face either .  Somehow my makeup stays on .  Somehow my makeup stays on .  Somehow my makeup stays on my face well, even though I don't my face well, even though I don't my face well, even though I don't use setting spray.  That's kind of use setting spray.  That's kind of use setting spray.  That's kind of crazy.  Ah, [ __ ], I forgot one story crazy.  Ah, [ __ ], I forgot one story crazy.  Ah, [ __ ], I forgot one story .  Oh well, it was crap anyway. .  Oh well, it was crap anyway. .  Oh well, it was crap anyway. Um, yes, exactly.  I really don't have Um, yes, exactly.  I really don't have anything more to say right now.  I'm going anything more to say right now.  I'm going anything more to say right now.  I'm going downstairs now to chat with my downstairs now to chat with my downstairs now to chat with my parents for a bit.  I definitely need to parents for a bit.  I definitely need to edit my vlog, which went online last week, because edit my vlog, which went online last week, because edit my vlog, which went online last week, because I edited it one evening I edited it one evening I edited it one evening when I had school until 11:30 pm or when I had school until 11:30 pm or when I had school until 11:30 pm or so.  I could have slept and so.  I could have slept and so.  I could have slept and then finished editing it the next day around noon then finished editing it the next day around noon then finished editing it the next day around noon .  Honestly, .  Honestly, .  Honestly, I was at the last stop, I was completely I was at the last stop, I was completely I was at the last stop, I was completely finished.  I was just about to finished.  I was just about to finished.  I was just about to import, everything's gone and I import, everything's gone and I import, everything's gone and I 've searched everywhere.  I 've searched everywhere.  I 've searched everywhere.  I called Julia.  I was like, please help me, called Julia.  I was like, please help me, called Julia.  I was like, please help me, I can't do that again, but I can't do that again, but I can't do that again, but it's just gone.  That's why I have to it's just gone.  That's why I have to it's just gone.  That's why I have to completely recut it now.  I completely recut it now.  I completely recut it now.  I think I filmed for five days think I filmed for five days think I filmed for five days .  I've cut it now .  I've cut it now .  I've cut it now .  I'll probably .  I'll probably .  I'll probably need another two hours, but yes.  My need another two hours, but yes.  My need another two hours, but yes.  My God, so he's not coming at 11 God, so he's not coming at 11 God, so he's not coming at 11 o'clock, but he is coming.  Okay, o'clock, but he is coming.  Okay, o'clock, but he is coming.  Okay, so it's not that bad. so it's not that bad. so it's not that bad. Otherwise, maybe I'll go to Phx.   Let's Otherwise, maybe I'll go to Phx.   Let's Otherwise, maybe I'll go to Phx.   Let's see what else the day see what else the day see what else the day brings.  So guys, as you can see, brings.  So guys, as you can see, brings.  So guys, as you can see, I'm wearing a bikini top.  My I'm wearing a bikini top.  My I'm wearing a bikini top.  My vlog is finished editing, it's vlog is finished editing, it's vlog is finished editing, it's currently at 79% currently at 79% currently at 79% and I'm going to go to the and I'm going to go to the and I'm going to go to the WHLpool now.  Unfortunately, we have WHLpool now.  Unfortunately, we have WHLpool now.  Unfortunately, we have n't set up our large pool yet, but n't set up our large pool yet, but n't set up our large pool yet, but I'm totally fine with that.  I'll I'm totally fine with that.  I'll I'm totally fine with that.  I'll also take the whirlpool, of course.  I also take the whirlpool, of course.  I also take the whirlpool, of course.  I just applied just applied just applied sunscreen.  Diger, what do I look like? sunscreen.  Diger, what do I look like? sunscreen.  Diger, what do I look like? And with this marigold.  Everyone who And with this marigold.  Everyone who And with this marigold.  Everyone who saw my last blog post will understand what saw my last blog post will understand what saw my last blog post will understand what I mean.  Apparently, this is supposed to be I mean.  Apparently, this is supposed to be I mean.  Apparently, this is supposed to be great for sunbathing.  No idea great for sunbathing.  No idea great for sunbathing.  No idea . . . Oops.  Okay guys, this is my setup, Oops.  Okay guys, this is my setup, Oops.  Okay guys, this is my setup, my water, my phone.  Here's the my water, my phone.  Here's the my water, my phone.  Here's the WB, I think... WB, I think... WB, I think... Oh, no, totally pleasant.  H, my mom Oh, no, totally pleasant.  H, my mom Oh, no, totally pleasant.  H, my mom said it was too warm.  I actually think it's said it was too warm.  I actually think it's said it was too warm.  I actually think it's perfect.  The sun is perfect.  The sun is perfect.  The sun is okay right now, but it's coming out again okay right now, but it's coming out again okay right now, but it's coming out again .  It was a bit .  It was a bit .  It was a bit shady just now, but yeah, I'll chill shady just now, but yeah, I'll chill shady just now, but yeah, I'll chill for an hour and then for an hour and then for an hour and then see how long I end up lying here see how long I end up lying here see how long I end up lying here , okay?  I have no idea how , okay?  I have no idea how , okay?  I have no idea how long I've been sitting here.  It's definitely long I've been sitting here.  It's definitely long I've been sitting here.  It's definitely 2:18 pm and I've just 2:18 pm and I've just made myself a small fruit plate and some 90% dark chocolate.  And made myself a small fruit plate and some 90% dark chocolate.  And made myself a small fruit plate and some 90% dark chocolate.  And now I'm going to chill some more.  I've been now I'm going to chill some more.  I've been now I'm going to chill some more.  I've been in the pool the whole time.  Now I'm lying down in the pool the whole time.  Now I'm lying down in the pool the whole time.  Now I'm lying down on the lounger and yes, I'm going to on the lounger and yes, I'm going to on the lounger and yes, I'm going to raise the backrest now.  Okay, I'll sit down now raise the backrest now.  Okay, I'll sit down now raise the backrest now.  Okay, I'll sit down now .  Hey, I'm feeling really .  Hey, I'm feeling really .  Hey, I'm feeling really good right now. Alright guys, next meal time Alright guys, next meal time Alright guys, next meal time .  I've just .  I've just .  I've just whipped up some lunch.  It's kind of like a whipped up some lunch.  It's kind of like a whipped up some lunch.  It's kind of like a Greek bowl.  I'm kind of bothered right now Greek bowl.  I'm kind of bothered right now Greek bowl.  I'm kind of bothered right now that that that I haven't made any zucchini, I haven't made any zucchini, I haven't made any zucchini, nor have I steamed them.  That would have been absolutely awesome nor have I steamed them.  That would have been absolutely awesome nor have I steamed them.  That would have been absolutely awesome , but whatever.  Yeah, what can , but whatever.  Yeah, what can , but whatever.  Yeah, what can I say, right?  I'm still lying I say, right?  I'm still lying I say, right?  I'm still lying here.  I'm going to eat this now.  It's here.  I'm going to eat this now.  It's here.  I'm going to eat this now.  It's 3:25 pm 3:25 pm 3:25 pm and I don't think I'll go to and I don't think I'll go to and I don't think I'll go to Fitx anymore, because ugh, no, I'm so Fitx anymore, because ugh, no, I'm so Fitx anymore, because ugh, no, I'm so oiled and moisturized.  I have to take a oiled and moisturized.  I have to take a oiled and moisturized.  I have to take a shower soon and then, well, I don't really have anything shower soon and then, well, I don't really have anything shower soon and then, well, I don't really have anything else planned, but else planned, but else planned, but I'd actually like to manage another 5000 steps I'd actually like to manage another 5000 steps I'd actually like to manage another 5000 steps .  I've actually been doing .  I've actually been doing .  I've actually been doing really well lately. really well lately. really well lately. Well, I never usually walk 5000 steps, Well, I never usually walk 5000 steps, Well, I never usually walk 5000 steps, but sometimes I have but sometimes I have but sometimes I have phases like that.  Wait, do you see? phases like that.  Wait, do you see? phases like that.  Wait, do you see? Sometimes I have this, so the green line represents 5000 Sometimes I have this, so the green line represents 5000 Sometimes I have this, so the green line represents 5000 steps.  I also have steps.  I also have steps.  I also have days like that sometimes, obviously, but days like that sometimes, obviously, but days like that sometimes, obviously, but I also have good days sometimes.  Do you see?  The I also have good days sometimes.  Do you see?  The I also have good days sometimes.  Do you see?  The last few days have been good.  And if I manage to do last few days have been good.  And if I manage to do last few days have been good.  And if I manage to do 5000 more times today 5000 more times today 5000 more times today , then I'm in a good position again , then I'm in a good position again , then I'm in a good position again , because right now it's still red. , because right now it's still red. , because right now it's still red. It should at least be orange.  So It should at least be orange.  So It should at least be orange.  So at least 2500 steps should be at least 2500 steps should be at least 2500 steps should be possible.  Guys, I can't take it anymore possible.  Guys, I can't take it anymore possible.  Guys, I can't take it anymore .  I've showered, as you can .  I've showered, as you can .  I've showered, as you can see.  I'm currently see.  I'm currently see.  I'm currently wearing a moisturizing mask.  I'm taking them off wearing a moisturizing mask.  I'm taking them off wearing a moisturizing mask.  I'm taking them off now.  Can you hear my fan?  Yes, now.  Can you hear my fan?  Yes, now.  Can you hear my fan?  Yes, because I would because I would because I would n't survive up here anyway.  I definitely need to n't survive up here anyway.  I definitely need to n't survive up here anyway.  I definitely need to bake a cake because we have bake a cake because we have bake a cake because we have volleyball at school tomorrow and I volleyball at school tomorrow and I volleyball at school tomorrow and I signed up to bake a cake, signed up to bake a cake, signed up to bake a cake, and I still need to bake my muffins and I still need to bake my muffins and I still need to bake my muffins for breakfast, but for breakfast, but for breakfast, but I can't do that right now because I'm dying from the I can't do that right now because I'm dying from the I can't do that right now because I'm dying from the heat.  It's a little better downstairs, heat.  It's a little better downstairs, heat.  It's a little better downstairs, but still not good, so I need to but still not good, so I need to but still not good, so I need to cool down a bit longer.  Until then cool down a bit longer.  Until then cool down a bit longer.  Until then I'll just chill, because no, I'll just chill, because no, I'll just chill, because no, I can't do more.  I'm taking care of that now.  It I can't do more.  I'm taking care of that now.  It I can't do more.  I'm taking care of that now.  It wasn't even that cooling, because it did wasn't even that cooling, because it did wasn't even that cooling, because it did n't feel cool at all.  That's why n't feel cool at all.  That's why n't feel cool at all.  That's why I would really like to know where I would really like to know where I would really like to know where my soap dispenser is.  Huh?  Who stole my my soap dispenser is.  Huh?  Who stole my my soap dispenser is.  Huh?  Who stole my soap dispenser?  Am I being soap dispenser?  Am I being soap dispenser?  Am I being stupid right now?  Where is it? stupid right now?  Where is it? stupid right now?  Where is it? Understood.  My soap spinner is gone. Understood.  My soap spinner is gone. Understood.  My soap spinner is gone. Gil.  Huh?  Someone stole it from me.   Doesn't matter. Gil.  Huh?  Someone stole it from me.   Doesn't matter. Gil.  Huh?  Someone stole it from me.   Doesn't matter. I would definitely say so. I would definitely say so. I would definitely say so. Oh, I see. That's why I'd really love Oh, I see. That's why I'd really love Oh, I see. That's why I'd really love a a a skincare breakfast skincare breakfast skincare breakfast fridge. What am I rambling on about?  A skincare refrigerator, fridge. What am I rambling on about?  A skincare refrigerator, fridge. What am I rambling on about?  A skincare refrigerator, because it's so cool to be able to really because it's so cool to be able to really because it's so cool to be able to really cool your face in the morning during the summer cool your face in the morning during the summer cool your face in the morning during the summer and put masks in there too. and put masks in there too. and put masks in there too. But somehow too stingy.  I think I But somehow too stingy.  I think I But somehow too stingy.  I think I even even even received one once.  I have no idea if I received one once.  I have no idea if I received one once.  I have no idea if I still have it.  That was a really long time ago still have it.  That was a really long time ago still have it.  That was a really long time ago .  But maybe I'm just being .  But maybe I'm just being .  But maybe I'm just being stupid.  Okay, this needs to settle in for a bit. stupid.  Okay, this needs to settle in for a bit. stupid.  Okay, this needs to settle in for a bit. I'm spraying my ear piercings again I'm spraying my ear piercings again I'm spraying my ear piercings again , but I'm not using the , but I'm not using the , but I'm not using the medical earrings medical earrings medical earrings because, no, I'm not in the mood for that anymore.  They are a because, no, I'm not in the mood for that anymore.  They are a because, no, I'm not in the mood for that anymore.  They are a little inflamed.  Well, a little inflamed.  Well, a little inflamed.  Well, a little bit of age does show sometimes, but little bit of age does show sometimes, but little bit of age does show sometimes, but not that much.  It's a bit red, not that much.  It's a bit red, not that much.  It's a bit red, but oh well.  Hey guys, where's my but oh well.  Hey guys, where's my but oh well.  Hey guys, where's my soap? soap? soap? Wow!  No, this can't be real. Wow!  No, this can't be real. Wow!  No, this can't be real. She loves it.  Am I stupid, She loves it.  Am I stupid, She loves it.  Am I stupid, actually?  Wow.  Oh my God, that was actually?  Wow.  Oh my God, that was actually?  Wow.  Oh my God, that was incredibly stupid.  We'll all forget that right now incredibly stupid.  We'll all forget that right now incredibly stupid.  We'll all forget that right now .  It's the warmest place here in the bathroom, .  It's the warmest place here in the bathroom, .  It's the warmest place here in the bathroom, and that's the and that's the and that's the worst part, worst part, worst part, because when I put my cream and stuff on here, because when I put my cream and stuff on here, because when I put my cream and stuff on here, I sweat and I sweat and I sweat and then I'm just rubbing the cream in with my sweat, and then I'm just rubbing the cream in with my sweat, and then I'm just rubbing the cream in with my sweat, and ugh, it's not nice at all.  By the way, did ugh, it's not nice at all.  By the way, did ugh, it's not nice at all.  By the way, did I ever talk about my new serum I ever talk about my new serum I ever talk about my new serum ?  It smells like sausage water, which is ?  It smells like sausage water, which is ?  It smells like sausage water, which is really abnormal.  Julia had that really abnormal.  Julia had that really abnormal.  Julia had that too, well, not anymore, because this too, well, not anymore, because this too, well, not anymore, because this is hers.  She just gave it to me is hers.  She just gave it to me is hers.  She just gave it to me .  One of mine is already .  One of mine is already .  One of mine is already empty because she says she can't empty because she says she can't empty because she says she can't use it because it stinks so much, and it does use it because it stinks so much, and it does use it because it stinks so much, and it does , but somehow I don't care , but somehow I don't care , but somehow I don't care anymore.  So for the first few days I was like, oh my god anymore.  So for the first few days I was like, oh my god anymore.  So for the first few days I was like, oh my god .  But Mom said I do .  But Mom said I do .  But Mom said I do n't smell like sausage water.  That's why n't smell like sausage water.  That's why n't smell like sausage water.  That's why it's really only like that for the first 5 it's really only like that for the first 5 it's really only like that for the first 5 minutes when you apply it.  But minutes when you apply it.  But minutes when you apply it.  But then it goes away and somehow it does then it goes away and somehow it does then it goes away and somehow it does n't bother me anymore when I put it on n't bother me anymore when I put it on n't bother me anymore when I put it on .  It's not great, but my .  It's not great, but my .  It's not great, but my God, beauty is pain, right? God, beauty is pain, right? God, beauty is pain, right? I saw on TikTok I saw on TikTok I saw on TikTok that it's supposed to be the best Vitamin C serum on the that it's supposed to be the best Vitamin C serum on the that it's supposed to be the best Vitamin C serum on the market, which I ca market, which I ca market, which I ca n't really imagine because it costs n't really imagine because it costs n't really imagine because it costs €10. €10. €10. How can this be the best option?  But yes, How can this be the best option?  But yes, How can this be the best option?  But yes, I think it's good.  I still occasionally use I think it's good.  I still occasionally use I think it's good.  I still occasionally use the one the one the one from No Cosmetics. from No Cosmetics. from No Cosmetics. I used to use that all the time, I used to use that all the time, I used to use that all the time, but it's so oily, so it just stays on the surface, it does but it's so oily, so it just stays on the surface, it does but it's so oily, so it just stays on the surface, it does n't absorb.  So your skin n't absorb.  So your skin n't absorb.  So your skin is oily all day.  If you touch it is oily all day.  If you touch it is oily all day.  If you touch it , you'll get an oily film on your , you'll get an oily film on your , you'll get an oily film on your finger.  That's why sometimes, for example, finger.  That's why sometimes, for example, finger.  That's why sometimes, for example, if I know I'm going to wash my hair the if I know I'm going to wash my hair the if I know I'm going to wash my hair the next day, I next day, I next day, I sometimes leave it on overnight, because it sometimes leave it on overnight, because it sometimes leave it on overnight, because it also gets into your hair and then it gets also gets into your hair and then it gets also gets into your hair and then it gets oily.  Yes, but I still use it oily.  Yes, but I still use it oily.  Yes, but I still use it sometimes because I somehow sometimes because I somehow sometimes because I somehow feel that it feel that it feel that it 's still good.  So, I'm like this 's still good.  So, I'm like this 's still good.  So, I'm like this .  I still like it, though.   Do .  I still like it, though.   Do .  I still like it, though.   Do you get it?  Because that makes the skin you get it?  Because that makes the skin you get it?  Because that makes the skin so soft.  No idea.  Ugh, so soft.  No idea.  Ugh, so soft.  No idea.  Ugh, I'm starting to be protective again.  I I'm starting to be protective again.  I I'm starting to be protective again.  I need to go to the fan for a moment.  Okay, that did need to go to the fan for a moment.  Okay, that did need to go to the fan for a moment.  Okay, that did n't really help much.  I'm going to put on some n't really help much.  I'm going to put on some n't really help much.  I'm going to put on some sunscreen now.  It's already sunscreen now.  It's already sunscreen now.  It's already 5 pm, but this is the 5 pm, but this is the 5 pm, but this is the first time I've done my skincare today first time I've done my skincare today first time I've done my skincare today , so this is basically my morning stuff that , so this is basically my morning stuff that , so this is basically my morning stuff that I'm applying right now. I'm applying right now. I'm applying right now. Oh right.  Yes, because I still Oh right.  Yes, because I still Oh right.  Yes, because I still want to reach my step goal, right?   That want to reach my step goal, right?   That want to reach my step goal, right?   That means I actually means I actually means I actually need to go out again, and for that I obviously need... need to go out again, and for that I obviously need... need to go out again, and for that I obviously need... Okay, I can feel the sweat Okay, I can feel the sweat Okay, I can feel the sweat coming on.  Therefore, I'm now sprinting coming on.  Therefore, I'm now sprinting coming on.  Therefore, I'm now sprinting to the fan.  It is exactly 6:30 PM. to the fan.  It is exactly 6:30 PM. to the fan.  It is exactly 6:30 PM. I was kind of half asleep I was kind of half asleep I was kind of half asleep .  I've finally gotten myself together .  I've finally gotten myself together .  I've finally gotten myself together and I'm going to and I'm going to and I'm going to make my banana muffins for breakfast, and make my banana muffins for breakfast, and make my banana muffins for breakfast, and people, not the people, not the people, not the marble cake I'm making for school.  I really don't feel like it marble cake I'm making for school.  I really don't feel like it marble cake I'm making for school.  I really don't feel like it , but whatever.  Let's go. So guys, my muffins are ready.  They are So guys, my muffins are ready.  They are So guys, my muffins are ready.  They are standing here and the cake needs standing here and the cake needs standing here and the cake needs about another 14 minutes.  But last time it about another 14 minutes.  But last time it about another 14 minutes.  But last time it took much, much longer.   I have took much, much longer.   I have took much, much longer.   I have no idea.  And I've just no idea.  And I've just prepared my dinner.  I think I prepared my dinner.  I think I prepared my dinner.  I think I overdid it a bit with the amount, but I overdid it a bit with the amount, but I made myself some buckwheat noodles with DM pesto and zucchini, and made myself some buckwheat noodles with DM pesto and zucchini, and made myself some buckwheat noodles with DM pesto and zucchini, and now I'm going to lie on the sofa and now I'm going to lie on the sofa and now I'm going to lie on the sofa and watch Sarah Begani's new vlog. watch Sarah Begani's new vlog. watch Sarah Begani's new vlog. Come on, I'm so hot, but Come on, I'm so hot, but Come on, I'm so hot, but thank God I have a fan here again thank God I have a fan here again thank God I have a fan here again .  I've just pointed it directly .  I've just pointed it directly .  I've just pointed it directly at myself.  That is very at myself.  That is very at myself.  That is very nice.  Yes, I'm going to eat now.  Peace nice.  Yes, I'm going to eat now.  Peace nice.  Yes, I'm going to eat now.  Peace guys, it's the next day.  It's guys, it's the next day.  It's guys, it's the next day.  It's Monday.  Therefore, I will Monday.  Therefore, I will Monday.  Therefore, I will end this vlog here.  I didn't end this vlog here.  I didn't end this vlog here.  I didn't film anything after baking yesterday film anything after baking yesterday film anything after baking yesterday because there was nothing left for Locky either.  I didn't do anything particularly because there was nothing left for Locky either.  I didn't do anything particularly because there was nothing left for Locky either.  I didn't do anything particularly exciting, exciting, exciting, and I hope you enjoyed watching me spend and I hope you enjoyed watching me spend and I hope you enjoyed watching me spend my weekend my weekend my weekend .  I thought it was absolutely .  I thought it was absolutely .  I thought it was absolutely amazing.  I'm getting ready amazing.  I'm getting ready amazing.  I'm getting ready for school right now.  I had my first loot for school right now.  I had my first loot for school right now.  I had my first loot free.  I'm incredibly hot right now. free.  I'm incredibly hot right now. free.  I'm incredibly hot right now. The.  What?  It's only 22°C. The.  What?  It's only 22°C. The.  What?  It's only 22°C. It feels like 35. Before I It feels like 35. Before I It feels like 35. Before I hang up, just one more thing.  I've got hang up, just one more thing.  I've got hang up, just one more thing.  I've got Lipstein on right now, and this Lipstein on right now, and this Lipstein on right now, and this thing here.  And somehow I find it thing here.  And somehow I find it thing here.  And somehow I find it really beautiful right now, so I'll show really beautiful right now, so I'll show really beautiful right now, so I'll show you what I used. you what I used. you what I used. Namely this one in Everyone's Nude Namely this one in Everyone's Nude Namely this one in Everyone's Nude Pink by Essence Line and Stain.  You Pink by Essence Line and Stain.  You Pink by Essence Line and Stain.  You always have to be a little careful always have to be a little careful always have to be a little careful while applying it and while applying it and while applying it and blending it right away, because otherwise blending it right away, because otherwise blending it right away, because otherwise [snort] it's just such a thick [snort] it's just such a thick [snort] it's just such a thick line.  But if you manage to do that line.  But if you manage to do that line.  But if you manage to do that , it's cute.  I really like my outfit , it's cute.  I really like my outfit , it's cute.  I really like my outfit today.  My top is today.  My top is today.  My top is from Hollister.  I don't think that exists anymore from Hollister.  I don't think that exists anymore from Hollister.  I don't think that exists anymore .  And the trousers are from .  And the trousers are from .  And the trousers are from Berschka, they're currently in style.  I'm definitely going Berschka, they're currently in style.  I'm definitely going Berschka, they're currently in style.  I'm definitely going downstairs now to cut downstairs now to cut downstairs now to cut my cake, which I made for today my cake, which I made for today my cake, which I made for today .  And yes, I hope you .  And yes, I hope you .  And yes, I hope you enjoyed the vlog.  See you next week. enjoyed the vlog.  See you next week. enjoyed the vlog.  See you next week. Peace out.