Why is the whole setup bro? But Kushahi's
Pakistan [screaming voice]
check Pakistan friend, what a thing is there in our Parijat's glasses.
Probably still eating. See, you are
still eating food, right? Now you guys have to
prepare to take bath. It is getting late.
Friend, let me eat, what will we do if we get late for the rally at night
?
Okay, you eat your food quickly, friend,
eat it quickly.
You want that friend, we should die of hunger there, at least let us
eat some food.
Yes, eat the roti quickly. After
eating food he has to prepare to take bath.
Because Celebration of Independence is today 14th August 2026. To all
our Pakistani brothers and sisters,
younger uncles, Akhalu, on my behalf and on
behalf of the team of Amad Beta House,
Happy Independence Day to you all. Today's vlog is going to be a
lot of fun because today
we are going to take a look at our pet house and really with
our pets.
Just don't do this, eat your food quickly,
take a bath quickly and outside our queen
is getting ready, whom we have to decorate with the full Pakistani flag
and her stuff has also arrived.
We did not just do shopping on 14th August. It was
also done for our pets which was a surprise.
Now we will decorate them. Yes? I had done
shopping worth Rs 500 at his place, that has
also come.
Hey, this time has also come. When did this come? He is
sleeping,
friend, you must have seen the video on the other channel,
we signed that he is very miserly
and rich too, so we did not do any big
shopping with his money for 14th
August and he has brought the same stuff, he came to meet us at
our house on 14th August, oh he is sleeping,
he is wearing a mask, he
says to his father that I also want to go to your
rally, friend,
he is so crazy about 14th August
stuff, there is no
limit to it, we did not prepare the whole day, he
said that we
will prepare only by vlogging, he has been preparing the whole day and lying down, he is
wearing a mask also. So scary get up
brother, get ready you also
wear your clothes again show me the mask here get up
quickly get up are you
sleeping wearing a mask you have a bandage on your forehead I
remember you guys will
return the 5000 rupees you looted so don't worry I took it
back from me okay okay get ready
friend quickly go outside I will show you
our queen is bathing she is
whitening herself with shampoo because
we have to decorate her specially right now yes
how far have the preparations reached
oh brother the preparations are about to be complete
today we have made her a queen,
made her a bride the groom will come to take her today like this
he is doing alright he is bathing himself too he is bathing together
look friend you are the cupboard telling me
you should wash your face too
because you haven't washed it yet she has
washed her face last time as well and has bathed do
n't expose so much you haven't washed your face yet no
one has washed their face they are taking
care of her they should take care of me at least
Dude, Rani is also dressed up and is
looking so weird, dude, just like girls get
their hair weird after taking a bath,
similarly our Rani has grown such
big hair,
just see it, see it after 15 minutes, she will shine and shine,
dude, this is our mare, just
like girls, she has all the tantrums, she even gets
rides done in the same way, right now she has to be ridden
and we have the
biggest flag of Pakistan, which we will first
decorate nicely, paint it with colour shells and
after that, we will
take out a rally holding a big flag on it, go to the city and
check the reaction of the people and the rest of our Badshah dogs,
we have to bathe them all and get them
ready, today's video
may be of half an hour but you have to
watch the video till the end and those friends who have
not yet subscribed to our channel, to
watch such entertaining vlogs, such fun vlogs, it is
not a good thing dude. You work so hard for people, running around so much.
Well,
our king is sitting very disappointed. He is
saying that he has to go to India.
I want to celebrate 15th August. Hey Bheem, you stand aside, let
me talk to the king for a minute.
What's the issue? You have to celebrate 15th August. Should
I convince you? Should I call Quaid-e-Azam? If you are
not crazy then you are lucky in Pakistan. Has
come to Pakistan. The rest of
India is also lucky to be there.
Because friends, both of them had different friendships. That is
not ours for anyone. All are brothers.
Without Bheem, where are you following me
? Okay, I will take you also for 14th August. I will take you to the
rally, I will take you, do
n't follow me. Hey hey
where is the black goat? That
black goat is eating the goods, friend, his
wife did not like it, so we returned it.
We will select it from the market and bring it.
Friend, the queen is not feeling hot, her angel is feeling hot.
Go and get the motor started.
Well, I drive a motor, friend. Look
friend, I have also applied shampoo on the push pull. It
is done above also. It's not a grandchild without shampoo. It has to be
applied on its feet. These will turn white. It will become
completely white and
after that we will not paint it and that is
our black goat sitting in front. Now I am
showing you this video of no preparation.
When we will meet after the preparations and the most important
thing is that the Madrasa Mosque in front of us, Qari
Sahib has made huge arrangements to
celebrate Independence Day and there will be flag hoisting.
You just have to watch the video till the end.
That too will be everything. Today's people will celebrate independence
only. You did that today, now you will see it again.
Pakistan has become independent. It didn't happen with Bo.
Oye hoye started again. Oh look, it's
started again. What's the issue? Oh, okay, I will bring
your wife. We decided that
we will bring his wife from the market. We will buy it
from where there are many options. I
came back with a full stomach. If I came, I should
not have entered the washroom. There was
no bathing. Haris did not take a bath.
Yes.
Look at Harris for a minute. What did you do
in the washroom? It's been an hour since I took a bath.
Aave is preparing for 14th August. It's been an hour. It hasn't
come out yet. Hey
Haris, you haven't left yet.
I look from here and there. I'll see.
What is he doing? It's
evening. Since
when has he booked the washroom, friend?
He also has to take a bath. It has not been coming out for a long time. Let
me see for a minute. What
is he doing? Oye Oye I was falling right now. Yes yes
what happened?
Take the towel quickly. [laughter]
Still taking a shower. Hey again [laughs]
turn off the video. Hey, take the towel. Wait a minute and see
how far the bath has reached.
Our cowrie is taking a bath there. People are taking bath here.
He has to take a bath now. I have to
prepare for the Independence Day celebrations, friend. Okay, show me, let me take a
bath for a minute, I will come out and talk to you,
this is your punishment, you have grown up inside for hours, this is
your punishment, it is
not coming out, friend, it might happen
in your house too, in preparation for some function or
Friday or Eid or wedding, the
place gets booked, then such
lines are formed as if it is already there,
yes take a bath, but come out quickly,
friend,
we have the stuff to decorate our fairy, we will
tie these
two Pakistani flags on its feet. Come on friend,
I will catch you quickly. You start
decorating it immediately. Now we have to
put all the things like flat seat etc on it, friend. Now quickly, the
rest is Dil Dil Pakistan which we
will put on its chest and the Pakistani
flag which will cover it completely
because it is quite big. Wear it comfortably, friend.
And we have also worn garlands on its feet.
Check this out, friend.
Look, we have four Gajras in Pakistani color which
girls wear on their hands. And our
angel wears it on her legs, friend. Because there is a
place to wear it on the legs, it does not have hands.
What has happened?
Check it out friend, we have
put one I love Pakistan here and
we will put the other one on the left side. Come on friend, try another one
too. Inshallah, we will
give him full punishment right now and the
result is going to be very interesting. Its final look will be
very interesting. And after that, after
placing seeds etc. on it, we will then
take out a rally on it. We will ride, we will go to the city, we will go to the
market. I will tour my entire town, friend. Take
this, let me put this on his ears. This is
his here, this is on the left ear and this is on the right ear
and that is Dil Dil Pakistan for the chest.
What is this thing, friend? She is
looking very cute. Mashallah Mashallah.
Take this friend, wear garlands on
all four feet.
Open it and give it to me Arsalan.
Open it, friend, hurry up. [Music]
So friends, this is our final look of our
princess, on 14th August celebration of independence,
everyone will say Dil Dil Pakistan Ja Ya
Pakistan, Dil Dil Pakistan Ja Ya Ja
Pakistan, so friends, now we have to
put a sport on it, we have to ride on it,
this is not enough yet,
we have just prepared it a little,
check it friends, oh our fairy-like eyes,
Mashallah, what a thing, what a thing, princess
ji,
so finally friends, now we
will decorate it completely and now we will
take out its rally. We have got it warmed up. Let
us all quickly arrange the
things on the spot and leave immediately
for the market. They ride it and
organize rallies. We just decorated it a little bit earlier.
Checked it. Please
call him, friend. We will
take the Dola route, friend. And
where is our spot etc.? Oh my,
many big celebrities have come here. Roman
region has arrived, friend. What is the matter.
Today we will show you about the Roman region.
Today I will also make him ride this and before that
show me your molds, friend. I think you are going to an
expensive gym these days. Show me your breasts, friend.
Check its breasts.
No one makes him wrestle after seeing his muscles. Commando, will you do it
?
No.
I am scared of its movements. She has
pallu, no dola, get it
checked, friend, get it checked, take out your dola,
hey, don't show me dola, then beat her up
her dola has bigger dola than mine,
yes, check it, friend, should she be
challenged for a
wrestling match with Commando or not? There were a
lot of comments from Yash in the comments, so it must be
Commando and Roman Reigns, will she
wrestle with Commando,
brother, it will touch my heart, no, no, it wo
n't touch your heart, let it touch, just
wrestling, okay,
friend, now you have to make a lot of
comments saying yes, so what's the matter,
just leave it, leave it, not yet, in
wrestling, in the field, he even lifts
you up, he will punch you in such a way, he will twist
you in his dola, this is
finally friends, friend, our Pari is
completely ready to be ridden and
she has been completely decorated, spots
etc. have been kept, now we have to
ride her, come on my Pari, cook this thing, what's the
matter,
as we are going,
our rider is jumping Are becoming more so. Come
children, come all of you.
Hey, the whole rally is gathered behind us.
Open the stick on the side. Open the stick on the side.
Our angel will take the jump, friend. So finally
friends, as we are moving ahead, a
convoy of our fan
subscribers is gathering behind us. Although
we did not invite anyone.
Hamd, did you play music in his ears?
No no, she will run away out of fear, friend.
This made him climb the lines. Let the train be made.
I am saying this because I did not buy a big flag with a pole
because she is scared.
Come on friend, let's start our ride quickly.
Hold this brother.
All on the side
No
friend, the whole setup is ready. The flag hoisting has started. It's
good, friend. We have just finished offering Friday prayers
and I had told you that a
big function is going to be held in our mosque and
Qari Sahib has made great arrangements for hoisting the flag.
So, the entire setup has been set up here, friend,
which has been set up by our Sahib of our
Madrasa. Assalamu Alaikum,
how are you?
Assalamu Alaikum, sir, Mashaallah,
you have brought a lot of excitement to our town. What a wonderful thing,
friend. Pakistan
Zindabad
Pakistan [screaming]
Zindabad
Pak Fort
Zindabad, what a wonderful thing,
friend. All the children in the madrasas in our town are very
excited. The
function will be held here shortly.
All the guests etc. have arrived. Everything is done, it's all
fine. It should be done again, is
n't it? Pakistan [screaming]
Zindabad
Pak Fort
Zindabad. I
am thankful that you have come here for our invitation. May
Allah, the Lord of Honour, bestow
His great honour upon you at every step.
Mashaallah, friend, we have tried very hard to organize this event. We were waiting for it for a
long time
and that uncle in front, the horse rider, is also watching.
Come, come, you guys also come,
friend, after some time. Here the procession
will be decorated, there the flowers etc. all the setup
is ready, after a few minutes
our program will start, friend, we will
answer the slogan Pakistan
Zindabad
Pakistan
Zindabad
Pakistan
Zindabad What does
Pakistan mean, what does Pakistan mean
La ilaha illallah Pakistan, what does La ilaha
illallah
Pakistan
Zindabad Pakistan
Parchan, happiness has started, friend, that is
our pamphlet in front, shall we go sir, let us start it, let us do
Bismillah, yes the
sun is very hot, children are starting to come.
good
