Why is the whole setup bro?  But Kushahi's Why is the whole setup bro?  But Kushahi's Why is the whole setup bro?  But Kushahi's Pakistan [screaming voice] Pakistan [screaming voice] Pakistan [screaming voice] check Pakistan friend, what a thing is there in our Parijat's glasses. check Pakistan friend, what a thing is there in our Parijat's glasses. Probably still eating.  See, you are Probably still eating.  See, you are Probably still eating.  See, you are still eating food, right?  Now you guys have to still eating food, right?  Now you guys have to still eating food, right?  Now you guys have to prepare to take bath.  It is getting late. prepare to take bath.  It is getting late. prepare to take bath.  It is getting late. Friend, let me eat, what will we do if we get late for the rally at night Friend, let me eat, what will we do if we get late for the rally at night Friend, let me eat, what will we do if we get late for the rally at night ? ? ? Okay, you eat your food quickly, friend, Okay, you eat your food quickly, friend, Okay, you eat your food quickly, friend, eat it quickly. eat it quickly. eat it quickly. You want that friend, we should die of hunger there, at least let us You want that friend, we should die of hunger there, at least let us You want that friend, we should die of hunger there, at least let us eat some food. eat some food. eat some food. Yes, eat the roti quickly.  After Yes, eat the roti quickly.  After Yes, eat the roti quickly.  After eating food he has to prepare to take bath. eating food he has to prepare to take bath. eating food he has to prepare to take bath. Because Celebration of Independence is today 14th August 2026.  To all Because Celebration of Independence is today 14th August 2026.  To all Because Celebration of Independence is today 14th August 2026.  To all our Pakistani brothers and sisters, our Pakistani brothers and sisters, our Pakistani brothers and sisters, younger uncles, Akhalu, on my behalf and on younger uncles, Akhalu, on my behalf and on younger uncles, Akhalu, on my behalf and on behalf of the team of Amad Beta House, behalf of the team of Amad Beta House, behalf of the team of Amad Beta House, Happy Independence Day to you all.  Today's vlog is going to be a Happy Independence Day to you all.  Today's vlog is going to be a Happy Independence Day to you all.  Today's vlog is going to be a lot of fun because today lot of fun because today lot of fun because today we are going to take a look at our pet house and really with we are going to take a look at our pet house and really with we are going to take a look at our pet house and really with our pets. our pets. our pets. Just don't do this, eat your food quickly, Just don't do this, eat your food quickly, Just don't do this, eat your food quickly, take a bath quickly and outside our queen take a bath quickly and outside our queen take a bath quickly and outside our queen is getting ready, whom we have to decorate with the full Pakistani flag is getting ready, whom we have to decorate with the full Pakistani flag is getting ready, whom we have to decorate with the full Pakistani flag and her stuff has also arrived. and her stuff has also arrived. and her stuff has also arrived. We did not just do shopping on 14th August.   It was We did not just do shopping on 14th August.   It was We did not just do shopping on 14th August.   It was also done for our pets which was a surprise. also done for our pets which was a surprise. also done for our pets which was a surprise. Now we will decorate them.  Yes?   I had done Now we will decorate them.  Yes?   I had done Now we will decorate them.  Yes?   I had done shopping worth Rs 500 at his place, that has shopping worth Rs 500 at his place, that has shopping worth Rs 500 at his place, that has also come. also come. also come. Hey, this time has also come.  When did this come?   He is Hey, this time has also come.  When did this come?   He is Hey, this time has also come.  When did this come?   He is sleeping, sleeping, sleeping, friend, you must have seen the video on the other channel, friend, you must have seen the video on the other channel, friend, you must have seen the video on the other channel, we signed that he is very miserly we signed that he is very miserly we signed that he is very miserly and rich too, so we did not do any big and rich too, so we did not do any big and rich too, so we did not do any big shopping with his money for 14th shopping with his money for 14th shopping with his money for 14th August and he has brought the same stuff, he came to meet us at August and he has brought the same stuff, he came to meet us at August and he has brought the same stuff, he came to meet us at our house on 14th August, oh he is sleeping, our house on 14th August, oh he is sleeping, our house on 14th August, oh he is sleeping, he is wearing a mask, he he is wearing a mask, he he is wearing a mask, he says to his father that I also want to go to your says to his father that I also want to go to your says to his father that I also want to go to your rally, friend, rally, friend, rally, friend, he is so crazy about 14th August he is so crazy about 14th August he is so crazy about 14th August stuff, there is no stuff, there is no stuff, there is no limit to it, we did not prepare the whole day, he limit to it, we did not prepare the whole day, he limit to it, we did not prepare the whole day, he said that we said that we said that we will prepare only by vlogging, he has been preparing the whole day and lying down, he is will prepare only by vlogging, he has been preparing the whole day and lying down, he is wearing a mask also.  So scary get up wearing a mask also.  So scary get up wearing a mask also.  So scary get up brother, get ready you also brother, get ready you also brother, get ready you also wear your clothes again show me the mask here get up wear your clothes again show me the mask here get up wear your clothes again show me the mask here get up quickly get up are you quickly get up are you quickly get up are you sleeping wearing a mask you have a bandage on your forehead I sleeping wearing a mask you have a bandage on your forehead I remember you guys will remember you guys will remember you guys will return the 5000 rupees you looted so don't worry I took it return the 5000 rupees you looted so don't worry I took it return the 5000 rupees you looted so don't worry I took it back from me okay okay get ready back from me okay okay get ready back from me okay okay get ready friend quickly go outside I will show you friend quickly go outside I will show you friend quickly go outside I will show you our queen is bathing she is our queen is bathing she is our queen is bathing she is whitening herself with shampoo because whitening herself with shampoo because whitening herself with shampoo because we have to decorate her specially right now yes we have to decorate her specially right now yes we have to decorate her specially right now yes how far have the preparations reached how far have the preparations reached how far have the preparations reached oh brother the preparations are about to be complete oh brother the preparations are about to be complete oh brother the preparations are about to be complete today we have made her a queen, today we have made her a queen, today we have made her a queen, made her a bride the groom will come to take her today like this made her a bride the groom will come to take her today like this made her a bride the groom will come to take her today like this he is doing alright he is bathing himself too he is bathing together he is doing alright he is bathing himself too he is bathing together look friend you are the cupboard telling me look friend you are the cupboard telling me look friend you are the cupboard telling me you should wash your face too you should wash your face too you should wash your face too because you haven't washed it yet she has because you haven't washed it yet she has because you haven't washed it yet she has washed her face last time as well and has bathed do washed her face last time as well and has bathed do washed her face last time as well and has bathed do n't expose so much you haven't washed your face yet no n't expose so much you haven't washed your face yet no n't expose so much you haven't washed your face yet no one has washed their face they are taking one has washed their face they are taking one has washed their face they are taking care of her they should take care of me at least care of her they should take care of me at least care of her they should take care of me at least Dude, Rani is also dressed up and is Dude, Rani is also dressed up and is Dude, Rani is also dressed up and is looking so weird, dude, just like girls get looking so weird, dude, just like girls get looking so weird, dude, just like girls get their hair weird after taking a bath, their hair weird after taking a bath, their hair weird after taking a bath, similarly our Rani has grown such similarly our Rani has grown such similarly our Rani has grown such big hair, big hair, big hair, just see it, see it after 15 minutes, she will shine and shine, just see it, see it after 15 minutes, she will shine and shine, dude, this is our mare, just dude, this is our mare, just dude, this is our mare, just like girls, she has all the tantrums, she even gets like girls, she has all the tantrums, she even gets like girls, she has all the tantrums, she even gets rides done in the same way, right now she has to be ridden rides done in the same way, right now she has to be ridden rides done in the same way, right now she has to be ridden and we have the and we have the and we have the biggest flag of Pakistan, which we will first biggest flag of Pakistan, which we will first biggest flag of Pakistan, which we will first decorate nicely, paint it with colour shells and decorate nicely, paint it with colour shells and decorate nicely, paint it with colour shells and after that, we will after that, we will after that, we will take out a rally holding a big flag on it, go to the city and take out a rally holding a big flag on it, go to the city and take out a rally holding a big flag on it, go to the city and check the reaction of the people and the rest of our Badshah dogs, check the reaction of the people and the rest of our Badshah dogs, check the reaction of the people and the rest of our Badshah dogs, we have to bathe them all and get them we have to bathe them all and get them we have to bathe them all and get them ready, today's video ready, today's video ready, today's video may be of half an hour but you have to may be of half an hour but you have to may be of half an hour but you have to watch the video till the end and those friends who have watch the video till the end and those friends who have watch the video till the end and those friends who have not yet subscribed to our channel, to not yet subscribed to our channel, to watch such entertaining vlogs, such fun vlogs, it is watch such entertaining vlogs, such fun vlogs, it is watch such entertaining vlogs, such fun vlogs, it is not a good thing dude.  You work so hard for people, running around so much. not a good thing dude.  You work so hard for people, running around so much. not a good thing dude.  You work so hard for people, running around so much. Well, Well, Well, our king is sitting very disappointed.   He is our king is sitting very disappointed.   He is our king is sitting very disappointed.   He is saying that he has to go to India. saying that he has to go to India. saying that he has to go to India. I want to celebrate 15th August.  Hey Bheem, you stand aside, let I want to celebrate 15th August.  Hey Bheem, you stand aside, let I want to celebrate 15th August.  Hey Bheem, you stand aside, let me talk to the king for a minute. me talk to the king for a minute. me talk to the king for a minute. What's the issue?  You have to celebrate 15th August.  Should What's the issue?  You have to celebrate 15th August.  Should What's the issue?  You have to celebrate 15th August.  Should I convince you?  Should I call Quaid-e-Azam?   If you are I convince you?  Should I call Quaid-e-Azam?   If you are I convince you?  Should I call Quaid-e-Azam?   If you are not crazy then you are lucky in Pakistan.  Has not crazy then you are lucky in Pakistan.  Has not crazy then you are lucky in Pakistan.  Has come to Pakistan.  The rest of come to Pakistan.  The rest of come to Pakistan.  The rest of India is also lucky to be there. India is also lucky to be there. India is also lucky to be there. Because friends, both of them had different friendships.   That is Because friends, both of them had different friendships.   That is Because friends, both of them had different friendships.   That is not ours for anyone.  All are brothers. not ours for anyone.  All are brothers. not ours for anyone.  All are brothers. Without Bheem, where are you following me Without Bheem, where are you following me Without Bheem, where are you following me ?  Okay, I will take you also for 14th August.  I will take you to the ?  Okay, I will take you also for 14th August.  I will take you to the ?  Okay, I will take you also for 14th August.  I will take you to the rally, I will take you, do rally, I will take you, do rally, I will take you, do n't follow me.  Hey hey n't follow me.  Hey hey n't follow me.  Hey hey where is the black goat?   That where is the black goat?   That where is the black goat?   That black goat is eating the goods, friend, his black goat is eating the goods, friend, his black goat is eating the goods, friend, his wife did not like it, so we returned it. wife did not like it, so we returned it. wife did not like it, so we returned it. We will select it from the market and bring it. We will select it from the market and bring it. We will select it from the market and bring it. Friend, the queen is not feeling hot, her angel is feeling hot. Friend, the queen is not feeling hot, her angel is feeling hot. Friend, the queen is not feeling hot, her angel is feeling hot. Go and get the motor started. Go and get the motor started. Go and get the motor started. Well, I drive a motor, friend.  Look Well, I drive a motor, friend.  Look Well, I drive a motor, friend.  Look friend, I have also applied shampoo on the push pull.  It friend, I have also applied shampoo on the push pull.  It friend, I have also applied shampoo on the push pull.  It is done above also.  It's not a grandchild without shampoo.   It has to be is done above also.  It's not a grandchild without shampoo.   It has to be is done above also.  It's not a grandchild without shampoo.   It has to be applied on its feet.  These will turn white.  It will become applied on its feet.  These will turn white.  It will become applied on its feet.  These will turn white.  It will become completely white and completely white and completely white and after that we will not paint it and that is after that we will not paint it and that is after that we will not paint it and that is our black goat sitting in front.  Now I am our black goat sitting in front.  Now I am our black goat sitting in front.  Now I am showing you this video of no preparation. showing you this video of no preparation. showing you this video of no preparation. When we will meet after the preparations and the most important When we will meet after the preparations and the most important When we will meet after the preparations and the most important thing is that the Madrasa Mosque in front of us, Qari thing is that the Madrasa Mosque in front of us, Qari thing is that the Madrasa Mosque in front of us, Qari Sahib has made huge arrangements to Sahib has made huge arrangements to Sahib has made huge arrangements to celebrate Independence Day and there will be flag hoisting. celebrate Independence Day and there will be flag hoisting. celebrate Independence Day and there will be flag hoisting. You just have to watch the video till the end. You just have to watch the video till the end. You just have to watch the video till the end. That too will be everything.  Today's people will celebrate independence That too will be everything.  Today's people will celebrate independence That too will be everything.  Today's people will celebrate independence only.  You did that today, now you will see it again. only.  You did that today, now you will see it again. only.  You did that today, now you will see it again. Pakistan has become independent.  It didn't happen with Bo. Pakistan has become independent.  It didn't happen with Bo. Pakistan has become independent.  It didn't happen with Bo. Oye hoye started again.  Oh look, it's Oye hoye started again.  Oh look, it's Oye hoye started again.  Oh look, it's started again.  What's the issue?  Oh, okay, I will bring started again.  What's the issue?  Oh, okay, I will bring started again.  What's the issue?  Oh, okay, I will bring your wife.  We decided that your wife.  We decided that your wife.  We decided that we will bring his wife from the market.  We will buy it we will bring his wife from the market.  We will buy it we will bring his wife from the market.  We will buy it from where there are many options.   I from where there are many options.   I from where there are many options.   I came back with a full stomach.   If I came, I should came back with a full stomach.   If I came, I should came back with a full stomach.   If I came, I should not have entered the washroom.  There was not have entered the washroom.  There was not have entered the washroom.  There was no bathing.  Haris did not take a bath. no bathing.  Haris did not take a bath. no bathing.  Haris did not take a bath. Yes. Yes. Yes. Look at Harris for a minute.  What did you do Look at Harris for a minute.  What did you do Look at Harris for a minute.  What did you do in the washroom?  It's been an hour since I took a bath. in the washroom?  It's been an hour since I took a bath. in the washroom?  It's been an hour since I took a bath. Aave is preparing for 14th August.  It's been an hour.  It hasn't Aave is preparing for 14th August.  It's been an hour.  It hasn't Aave is preparing for 14th August.  It's been an hour.  It hasn't come out yet.  Hey come out yet.  Hey come out yet.  Hey Haris, you haven't left yet. Haris, you haven't left yet. Haris, you haven't left yet. I look from here and there.  I'll see. I look from here and there.  I'll see. I look from here and there.  I'll see. What is he doing?   It's What is he doing?   It's What is he doing?   It's evening.   Since evening.   Since evening.   Since when has he booked the washroom, friend? when has he booked the washroom, friend? when has he booked the washroom, friend? He also has to take a bath.  It has not been coming out for a long time.  Let He also has to take a bath.  It has not been coming out for a long time.  Let He also has to take a bath.  It has not been coming out for a long time.  Let me see for a minute.  What me see for a minute.  What me see for a minute.  What is he doing?  Oye Oye I was falling right now.   Yes yes is he doing?  Oye Oye I was falling right now.   Yes yes is he doing?  Oye Oye I was falling right now.   Yes yes what happened? what happened? what happened? Take the towel quickly.  [laughter] Still taking a shower.  Hey again [laughs] Still taking a shower.  Hey again [laughs] Still taking a shower.  Hey again [laughs] turn off the video.  Hey, take the towel.  Wait a minute and see turn off the video.  Hey, take the towel.  Wait a minute and see turn off the video.  Hey, take the towel.  Wait a minute and see how far the bath has reached. how far the bath has reached. how far the bath has reached. Our cowrie is taking a bath there.  People are taking bath here. Our cowrie is taking a bath there.  People are taking bath here. Our cowrie is taking a bath there.  People are taking bath here. He has to take a bath now.   I have to He has to take a bath now.   I have to He has to take a bath now.   I have to prepare for the Independence Day celebrations, friend.  Okay, show me, let me take a prepare for the Independence Day celebrations, friend.  Okay, show me, let me take a bath for a minute, I will come out and talk to you, bath for a minute, I will come out and talk to you, bath for a minute, I will come out and talk to you, this is your punishment, you have grown up inside for hours, this is this is your punishment, you have grown up inside for hours, this is this is your punishment, you have grown up inside for hours, this is your punishment, it is your punishment, it is your punishment, it is not coming out, friend, it might happen not coming out, friend, it might happen not coming out, friend, it might happen in your house too, in preparation for some function or in your house too, in preparation for some function or in your house too, in preparation for some function or Friday or Eid or wedding, the Friday or Eid or wedding, the Friday or Eid or wedding, the place gets booked, then such place gets booked, then such place gets booked, then such lines are formed as if it is already there, yes take a bath, but come out quickly, yes take a bath, but come out quickly, yes take a bath, but come out quickly, friend, friend, friend, we have the stuff to decorate our fairy, we will we have the stuff to decorate our fairy, we will we have the stuff to decorate our fairy, we will tie these tie these tie these two Pakistani flags on its feet.  Come on friend, two Pakistani flags on its feet.  Come on friend, two Pakistani flags on its feet.  Come on friend, I will catch you quickly.  You start I will catch you quickly.  You start I will catch you quickly.  You start decorating it immediately.  Now we have to decorating it immediately.  Now we have to decorating it immediately.  Now we have to put all the things like flat seat etc on it, friend.  Now quickly, the put all the things like flat seat etc on it, friend.  Now quickly, the put all the things like flat seat etc on it, friend.  Now quickly, the rest is Dil Dil Pakistan which we rest is Dil Dil Pakistan which we rest is Dil Dil Pakistan which we will put on its chest and the Pakistani will put on its chest and the Pakistani will put on its chest and the Pakistani flag which will cover it completely flag which will cover it completely flag which will cover it completely because it is quite big.  Wear it comfortably, friend. because it is quite big.  Wear it comfortably, friend. because it is quite big.  Wear it comfortably, friend. And we have also worn garlands on its feet. And we have also worn garlands on its feet. And we have also worn garlands on its feet. Check this out, friend. Check this out, friend. Check this out, friend. Look, we have four Gajras in Pakistani color which Look, we have four Gajras in Pakistani color which Look, we have four Gajras in Pakistani color which girls wear on their hands.  And our girls wear on their hands.  And our girls wear on their hands.  And our angel wears it on her legs, friend.  Because there is a angel wears it on her legs, friend.  Because there is a angel wears it on her legs, friend.  Because there is a place to wear it on the legs, it does not have hands. place to wear it on the legs, it does not have hands. place to wear it on the legs, it does not have hands. What has happened? What has happened? What has happened? Check it out friend, we have Check it out friend, we have Check it out friend, we have put one I love Pakistan here and put one I love Pakistan here and put one I love Pakistan here and we will put the other one on the left side.  Come on friend, try another one we will put the other one on the left side.  Come on friend, try another one we will put the other one on the left side.  Come on friend, try another one too.  Inshallah, we will too.  Inshallah, we will too.  Inshallah, we will give him full punishment right now and the give him full punishment right now and the give him full punishment right now and the result is going to be very interesting.  Its final look will be result is going to be very interesting.  Its final look will be result is going to be very interesting.  Its final look will be very interesting.  And after that, after very interesting.  And after that, after very interesting.  And after that, after placing seeds etc. on it, we will then placing seeds etc. on it, we will then placing seeds etc. on it, we will then take out a rally on it.  We will ride, we will go to the city, we will go to the take out a rally on it.  We will ride, we will go to the city, we will go to the take out a rally on it.  We will ride, we will go to the city, we will go to the market.  I will tour my entire town, friend.   Take market.  I will tour my entire town, friend.   Take market.  I will tour my entire town, friend.   Take this, let me put this on his ears.  This is this, let me put this on his ears.  This is this, let me put this on his ears.  This is his here, this is on the left ear and this is on the right ear his here, this is on the left ear and this is on the right ear his here, this is on the left ear and this is on the right ear and that is Dil Dil Pakistan for the chest. and that is Dil Dil Pakistan for the chest. and that is Dil Dil Pakistan for the chest. What is this thing, friend?   She is What is this thing, friend?   She is What is this thing, friend?   She is looking very cute.   Mashallah Mashallah. looking very cute.   Mashallah Mashallah. looking very cute.   Mashallah Mashallah. Take this friend, wear garlands on Take this friend, wear garlands on Take this friend, wear garlands on all four feet. all four feet. all four feet. Open it and give it to me Arsalan. Open it and give it to me Arsalan. Open it and give it to me Arsalan. Open it, friend, hurry up.  [Music] So friends, this is our final look of our So friends, this is our final look of our So friends, this is our final look of our princess, on 14th August celebration of independence, princess, on 14th August celebration of independence, princess, on 14th August celebration of independence, everyone will say Dil Dil Pakistan Ja Ya everyone will say Dil Dil Pakistan Ja Ya everyone will say Dil Dil Pakistan Ja Ya Pakistan, Dil Dil Pakistan Ja Ya Ja Pakistan, Dil Dil Pakistan Ja Ya Ja Pakistan, Dil Dil Pakistan Ja Ya Ja Pakistan, so friends, now we have to Pakistan, so friends, now we have to Pakistan, so friends, now we have to put a sport on it, we have to ride on it, put a sport on it, we have to ride on it, put a sport on it, we have to ride on it, this is not enough yet, this is not enough yet, this is not enough yet, we have just prepared it a little, we have just prepared it a little, we have just prepared it a little, check it friends, oh our fairy-like eyes, check it friends, oh our fairy-like eyes, check it friends, oh our fairy-like eyes, Mashallah, what a thing, what a thing, princess Mashallah, what a thing, what a thing, princess Mashallah, what a thing, what a thing, princess ji, so finally friends, now we so finally friends, now we so finally friends, now we will decorate it completely and now we will will decorate it completely and now we will will decorate it completely and now we will take out its rally.  We have got it warmed up.  Let take out its rally.  We have got it warmed up.  Let take out its rally.  We have got it warmed up.  Let us all quickly arrange the us all quickly arrange the us all quickly arrange the things on the spot and leave immediately things on the spot and leave immediately things on the spot and leave immediately for the market.  They ride it and for the market.  They ride it and for the market.  They ride it and organize rallies.  We just decorated it a little bit earlier. organize rallies.  We just decorated it a little bit earlier. organize rallies.  We just decorated it a little bit earlier. Checked it.   Please Checked it.   Please Checked it.   Please call him, friend.   We will call him, friend.   We will call him, friend.   We will take the Dola route, friend.  And take the Dola route, friend.  And take the Dola route, friend.  And where is our spot etc.?  Oh my, where is our spot etc.?  Oh my, where is our spot etc.?  Oh my, many big celebrities have come here.  Roman many big celebrities have come here.  Roman many big celebrities have come here.  Roman region has arrived, friend.  What is the matter. region has arrived, friend.  What is the matter. region has arrived, friend.  What is the matter. Today we will show you about the Roman region. Today we will show you about the Roman region. Today we will show you about the Roman region. Today I will also make him ride this and before that Today I will also make him ride this and before that Today I will also make him ride this and before that show me your molds, friend.  I think you are going to an show me your molds, friend.  I think you are going to an show me your molds, friend.  I think you are going to an expensive gym these days.  Show me your breasts, friend. expensive gym these days.  Show me your breasts, friend. expensive gym these days.  Show me your breasts, friend. Check its breasts. Check its breasts. Check its breasts. No one makes him wrestle after seeing his muscles.  Commando, will you do it No one makes him wrestle after seeing his muscles.  Commando, will you do it No one makes him wrestle after seeing his muscles.  Commando, will you do it ? ? ? No. No. No. I am scared of its movements.  She has I am scared of its movements.  She has I am scared of its movements.  She has pallu, no dola, get it pallu, no dola, get it pallu, no dola, get it checked, friend, get it checked, take out your dola, checked, friend, get it checked, take out your dola, checked, friend, get it checked, take out your dola, hey, don't show me dola, then beat her up hey, don't show me dola, then beat her up hey, don't show me dola, then beat her up her dola has bigger dola than mine, her dola has bigger dola than mine, her dola has bigger dola than mine, yes, check it, friend, should she be yes, check it, friend, should she be yes, check it, friend, should she be challenged for a challenged for a challenged for a wrestling match with Commando or not? There were a wrestling match with Commando or not? There were a wrestling match with Commando or not? There were a lot of comments from Yash in the comments, so it must be lot of comments from Yash in the comments, so it must be lot of comments from Yash in the comments, so it must be Commando and Roman Reigns, will she Commando and Roman Reigns, will she Commando and Roman Reigns, will she wrestle with Commando, wrestle with Commando, wrestle with Commando, brother, it will touch my heart, no, no, it wo brother, it will touch my heart, no, no, it wo brother, it will touch my heart, no, no, it wo n't touch your heart, let it touch, just n't touch your heart, let it touch, just wrestling, okay, wrestling, okay, wrestling, okay, friend, now you have to make a lot of friend, now you have to make a lot of friend, now you have to make a lot of comments saying yes, so what's the matter, comments saying yes, so what's the matter, comments saying yes, so what's the matter, just leave it, leave it, not yet, in just leave it, leave it, not yet, in just leave it, leave it, not yet, in wrestling, in the field, he even lifts wrestling, in the field, he even lifts wrestling, in the field, he even lifts you up, he will punch you in such a way, he will twist you up, he will punch you in such a way, he will twist you up, he will punch you in such a way, he will twist you in his dola, this is you in his dola, this is you in his dola, this is finally friends, friend, our Pari is finally friends, friend, our Pari is finally friends, friend, our Pari is completely ready to be ridden and completely ready to be ridden and completely ready to be ridden and she has been completely decorated, spots she has been completely decorated, spots she has been completely decorated, spots etc. have been kept, now we have to etc. have been kept, now we have to etc. have been kept, now we have to ride her, come on my Pari, cook this thing, what's the ride her, come on my Pari, cook this thing, what's the ride her, come on my Pari, cook this thing, what's the matter, as we are going, as we are going, as we are going, our rider is jumping  Are becoming more so.  Come our rider is jumping  Are becoming more so.  Come our rider is jumping  Are becoming more so.  Come children, come all of you. children, come all of you. children, come all of you. Hey, the whole rally is gathered behind us. Hey, the whole rally is gathered behind us. Hey, the whole rally is gathered behind us. Open the stick on the side. Open the stick on the side. Open the stick on the side. Open the stick on the side. Open the stick on the side. Open the stick on the side. Our angel will take the jump, friend.  So finally Our angel will take the jump, friend.  So finally Our angel will take the jump, friend.  So finally friends, as we are moving ahead, a friends, as we are moving ahead, a friends, as we are moving ahead, a convoy of our fan convoy of our fan convoy of our fan subscribers is gathering behind us.  Although subscribers is gathering behind us.  Although subscribers is gathering behind us.  Although we did not invite anyone. we did not invite anyone. we did not invite anyone. Hamd, did you play music in his ears? Hamd, did you play music in his ears? Hamd, did you play music in his ears? No no, she will run away out of fear, friend. No no, she will run away out of fear, friend. No no, she will run away out of fear, friend. This made him climb the lines.  Let the train be made. This made him climb the lines.  Let the train be made. This made him climb the lines.  Let the train be made. I am saying this because I did not buy a big flag with a pole I am saying this because I did not buy a big flag with a pole I am saying this because I did not buy a big flag with a pole because she is scared. because she is scared. because she is scared. Come on friend, let's start our ride quickly. Come on friend, let's start our ride quickly. Come on friend, let's start our ride quickly. Hold this brother. All on the side No friend, the whole setup is ready.  The flag hoisting has started.   It's friend, the whole setup is ready.  The flag hoisting has started.   It's good, friend.  We have just finished offering Friday prayers good, friend.  We have just finished offering Friday prayers good, friend.  We have just finished offering Friday prayers and I had told you that a and I had told you that a and I had told you that a big function is going to be held in our mosque and big function is going to be held in our mosque and big function is going to be held in our mosque and Qari Sahib has made great arrangements for hoisting the flag. Qari Sahib has made great arrangements for hoisting the flag. Qari Sahib has made great arrangements for hoisting the flag. So, the entire setup has been set up here, friend, So, the entire setup has been set up here, friend, So, the entire setup has been set up here, friend, which has been set up by our Sahib of our which has been set up by our Sahib of our which has been set up by our Sahib of our Madrasa. Assalamu Alaikum, Madrasa. Assalamu Alaikum, Madrasa. Assalamu Alaikum, how are you? how are you? how are you? Assalamu Alaikum, sir, Mashaallah, Assalamu Alaikum, sir, Mashaallah, Assalamu Alaikum, sir, Mashaallah, you have brought a lot of excitement to our town. What a wonderful thing, you have brought a lot of excitement to our town. What a wonderful thing, you have brought a lot of excitement to our town. What a wonderful thing, friend. Pakistan friend. Pakistan friend. Pakistan Zindabad Zindabad Zindabad Pakistan [screaming] Pakistan [screaming] Pakistan [screaming] Zindabad Zindabad Zindabad Pak Fort Pak Fort Pak Fort Zindabad, what a wonderful thing, Zindabad, what a wonderful thing, Zindabad, what a wonderful thing, friend. All the children in the madrasas in our town are very friend. All the children in the madrasas in our town are very friend. All the children in the madrasas in our town are very excited. The excited. The excited. The function will be held here shortly. function will be held here shortly. function will be held here shortly. All the guests etc. have arrived. Everything is done, it's all All the guests etc. have arrived. Everything is done, it's all fine. It should be done again, is fine. It should be done again, is fine. It should be done again, is n't it? Pakistan [screaming] n't it? Pakistan [screaming] n't it? Pakistan [screaming] Zindabad Zindabad Zindabad Pak Fort Pak Fort Pak Fort Zindabad. I Zindabad. I Zindabad. I am thankful that you have come here for our invitation. May am thankful that you have come here for our invitation. May am thankful that you have come here for our invitation. May Allah, the Lord of Honour, bestow Allah, the Lord of Honour, bestow Allah, the Lord of Honour, bestow His great honour upon you at every step. His great honour upon you at every step. His great honour upon you at every step. Mashaallah, friend, we have tried very hard to organize this event. We were waiting for it for a Mashaallah, friend, we have tried very hard to organize this event. We were waiting for it for a Mashaallah, friend, we have tried very hard to organize this event. We were waiting for it for a long time long time long time and that uncle in front, the horse rider, is also watching. and that uncle in front, the horse rider, is also watching. and that uncle in front, the horse rider, is also watching. Come, come, you guys also come, Come, come, you guys also come, Come, come, you guys also come, friend, after some time.  Here the procession friend, after some time.  Here the procession friend, after some time.  Here the procession will be decorated, there the flowers etc. all the setup will be decorated, there the flowers etc. all the setup will be decorated, there the flowers etc. all the setup is ready, after a few minutes is ready, after a few minutes is ready, after a few minutes our program will start, friend, we will our program will start, friend, we will our program will start, friend, we will answer the slogan Pakistan answer the slogan Pakistan answer the slogan Pakistan Zindabad Zindabad Zindabad Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Zindabad Zindabad Zindabad Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Zindabad What does Zindabad What does Pakistan mean, what does Pakistan mean Pakistan mean, what does Pakistan mean Pakistan mean, what does Pakistan mean La ilaha illallah Pakistan, what does La ilaha La ilaha illallah Pakistan, what does La ilaha illallah illallah illallah Pakistan Pakistan Pakistan Zindabad Pakistan Zindabad Pakistan Zindabad Pakistan Parchan, happiness has started, friend, that is Parchan, happiness has started, friend, that is Parchan, happiness has started, friend, that is our pamphlet in front, shall we go sir, let us start it, let us do our pamphlet in front, shall we go sir, let us start it, let us do our pamphlet in front, shall we go sir, let us start it, let us do Bismillah, yes the Bismillah, yes the Bismillah, yes the sun is very hot, children are starting to come. good