I have to go to Chennai today to watch the match. Will you
kill me? Move. I had
told him to leave at 6:00.
What is yet to come? One came.
Where is that Prabhat?
Babu is not picking up the phone? He is
not picking up the phone. This bastard Prabhat will
ruin me one day. Hold that bag. Let's go
straight to his house. Get up quickly. I
told you that we have to leave at 6:00.
Where do I have to go?
Hey bastard, I told you 10 times that I have to go to
Chennai to watch the match between Chennai and Mumbai. Get up
quickly, you bastard. let's hurry up. Damn,
your work is worse than that of girls.
Why are you going by airplane?
No, you bastard, she is going by auto.
So autos also run at the airport.
Santosh, if you give this bastard a bowl of gold then he will
also ask for it. Hey, she is
going by airplane. Can't you see
behind? Where will the auto come here? Let us go.
Bhau, ever since I have been working with you, I have been getting a lot of fun. If you
stay with me, you will enjoy like this
but your payment will be deducted brother.
I don't give it away for free like this.
Bapu,
by the way, you have booked a very big hotel this time.
How much is its rent?
Only ₹12,000
₹12,000 I can even take a bath in this swimming pool.
Yes, you can take a bath but you do
n't have to. Satisfaction is needed. Go son, you jump. The
water of Bhaya seems very salty.
Hey, the sea is nearby, that's why it feels salty.
Hey Santosh, the sea is nearby, that's why the water does
n't seem salty, or people have
destroyed it by peeing, that's why it seems salty. Let's go back. Hey, at least pee,
I am having a lot of fun.
You also come quickly. [laughs]
Came to the stadium to watch the match today.
Bhabhi, what is this poor man's ticket?
Even the players are not visible properly from here. Hey bastard,
look at the place where you brought me. I could never have
come here in my life. But I brought you to
show you any kind of table. The bastard wo
n't be visible from here. Zoom in carefully and see if you can see it.
My
brother, because of this pole, I am
not able to see the batsman in front clearly.
So how should I go and remove that pole? Did
n't I install that pole, bastard?
Look at it as it appears. I can
see it brother. Can
you see it or not?
Brother, I can see completely through the pillar.
Yes, it should look like that. Bhau, if Shanti and I want to
watch the match, will we both be visible on TV
? Is
your address clear between you and his house
? Hey bastard, if I see Shanti's father on TV, I will beat you so much that I will
tear your entire ass. It
will be seen on TV. Don't come here even by mistake.
Harsho I have ₹20. Should I bring popcorn
?
Sister, here even a chocolate worth ₹5 is available for ₹50. A
packet of popcorn will be
available for ₹200.
₹200? If we
eat here, we will go back poor.
Farmers' meeting: There is
no profit in farming. Let me do
one thing, this time I will plant power sugarcane
crop. Then there will be benefit.
I will plant paddy crop.
Double money comes out twice in a year. That's why you are the
poorest of the poor. I will plant opium
crop. Hey, if the
police come to know about it, they will beat you so much when they
come to your house. I will
never be able to grow another crop in my life.
How many times has the police come to his farm till date
? Didn't
come even once.
Yes, she will still not come.
I will go and tell them that Santosh
planted opium in his field. You bastard, you are jealous, let
him plant it, the poor guy is planting it,
but Santosh, according to section 18 of the NDPS Act,
if you grow opium without permission,
you can be jailed for 10 to 20 years
and can also be fined 1 lakh,
so I will come back after paying ₹1 lakh, then
1 lakh will be yours because the crop will
also be confiscated, it will be completely yours, then you
beggar
listen, this is the most professional wedding of our village,
of an army man, do not do any village
things here, we should behave well.
Ok. Sitting on the chair. Let us go. [MUSIC]
I am.
I am here brother. Get out of here.
Who are you?
Hey, this is brother-in-law's hotel. Mother's
your sister's hotel. [laughter]
sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes [music]
sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes
[groaning sound][screaming sound]
[laughter] what kind of
torn clothes has he come wearing, I feel
ashamed to stand with you,
Gaddu Appia,
what is the problem with my clothes,
look Bala, these are really nice clothes, these are these, I have
brought these shoes after washing them completely, have I never
seen him shining Poo's shoes
in my life [laughter]
So our main topic today is Snapchat
Prabhat, we have heard about Aloo Chaat. Have you
heard about Samosa Chaat? But never
heard of Snapchat. Do
n't you know technology?
How to order Aloo Chaat Samosa Chaat?
From Snapchat. Hey, do you both have a
girlfriend?
Hey, that's not what is happening.
Hey, it will be fine with time, don't cry now.
Not there. Hey, how will you become a girlfriend when
you don't know anything about snubs.
Well, you still understand that this is about ordering your mother or girlfriend,
right? But you will get
both of them within your budget. It
seems both of you have not entered this market yet. First of all
you have to create
an ID. Like mine is made.
Snapchat also has some rules which are
very important to follow. First rule, this is
my special friend, a piece of my heart. Just
sent the snap. Let's see what you have sent.
Directly remove such snaps.
Rule number two. This is my best friend.
Now what snap has he sent? Let me
show you. [Music] It's
important to save a girl's snap,
you know.
Very down man.
All this is fine. But suppose Prabhat,
I got a snap of some girl between 11 and 12.
So should I see it or
not? Look, between 11 and 12, some girl
sent you a snap, maybe
she might talk to you.
So what should I do in such a situation?
You don't have to do anything. You also have to
send any snap so that she feels that
you are sitting completely free. Who knows, he might do it and
your wish might be fulfilled.
I am coming.
Make time quickly.
You are going alone but you will get bored. I will
call Prabhat. He will definitely
come.
Hello Prabhat, where are you? You were at
home, right?
Yes, I was saying, come with me a little to your place.
Why? What was the work?
Nothing, I had to bring clothes. I will also feed
you something. Come on what? Okay, it's okay.
Yes, okay, I am coming, stay outside your house.
Yes, okay.
Ambulatory.
I am coming with you, but
I will drive the scooter.
No, only your sister will drive the scooter.
Hello, Devgan I am going to buy clothes with Varsha.
And yes, sister is driving the scooter, take
care of me.
Bastard, I told you earlier
not to go anywhere with him. Vaman is taking the luggage
, you come in my car. The bastard does
n't listen. [laughter]
Brother, mom is calling for dinner.
What did you cook?
Vegetable bread.
Vegetable of what? of
ladyfinger.
Ladyfinger vegetable? Tell mom to
feed ladyfinger vegetable to some animal. Are
you any less than an animal? If you
hit it like this below the ear, the ear will become hot.
Ok.
Today is Devkan's birthday. Let me do one thing. I will try it friend.
Watts started, Watts started.
Yes, morning.
Hello Devkan Happy Birthday. Hey, thank you
my brother.
So brother, let's have a
party today in the evening.
Okay, wait a minute. Bhabhi is calling.
Yes, it's okay, right?
Yes, Bitu.
What are you doing?
Hey, it's nothing, it's Devgan's birthday,
you were wishing him. Please
wish me a happy birthday too.
Hey, then you wish him.
Okay, I will do it.
Oho, message from sister-in-law. Happy birthday brother-in-law.
Thank you Bhabhi Jaan. I will throw a party when we meet.
Good sir.
And I saw that Bhabhi's message did not come.
Birthday wish had come. Tell me what she said?
Bhabhi Jaan Who is Bhabhi Jaan?
Hey, your girl, I wrote it without love, sister-in-law.
Well, when you met me, she was
talking about a party, so I
thought of the garden warden.
Again he replied to my message without asking me [laughs]. I will
cut it.
Hey, I sent it with love. I did it
with love. Block him quickly.
Block it.
Hey, your guy messaged her. I
said a little to wish him on his birthday.
Hey, then explain it to your guy. Did I ask you to
message me on my birthday
? So you will reply like this.
