I have to go to Chennai today to watch the match.   Will you I have to go to Chennai today to watch the match.   Will you I have to go to Chennai today to watch the match.   Will you kill me?  Move.  I had kill me?  Move.  I had kill me?  Move.  I had told him to leave at 6:00. told him to leave at 6:00. told him to leave at 6:00. What is yet to come?  One came. What is yet to come?  One came. What is yet to come?  One came. Where is that Prabhat? Where is that Prabhat? Where is that Prabhat? Babu is not picking up the phone?   He is Babu is not picking up the phone?   He is Babu is not picking up the phone?   He is not picking up the phone.  This bastard Prabhat will not picking up the phone.  This bastard Prabhat will not picking up the phone.  This bastard Prabhat will ruin me one day.  Hold that bag.  Let's go ruin me one day.  Hold that bag.  Let's go ruin me one day.  Hold that bag.  Let's go straight to his house.  Get up quickly.   I straight to his house.  Get up quickly.   I straight to his house.  Get up quickly.   I told you that we have to leave at 6:00. told you that we have to leave at 6:00. told you that we have to leave at 6:00. Where do I have to go? Where do I have to go? Where do I have to go? Hey bastard, I told you 10 times that I have to go to Hey bastard, I told you 10 times that I have to go to Hey bastard, I told you 10 times that I have to go to Chennai to watch the match between Chennai and Mumbai.  Get up Chennai to watch the match between Chennai and Mumbai.  Get up Chennai to watch the match between Chennai and Mumbai.  Get up quickly, you bastard.  let's hurry up.  Damn, quickly, you bastard.  let's hurry up.  Damn, quickly, you bastard.  let's hurry up.  Damn, your work is worse than that of girls. your work is worse than that of girls. your work is worse than that of girls. Why are you going by airplane? Why are you going by airplane? Why are you going by airplane? No, you bastard, she is going by auto. No, you bastard, she is going by auto. No, you bastard, she is going by auto. So autos also run at the airport. So autos also run at the airport. So autos also run at the airport. Santosh, if you give this bastard a bowl of gold then he will Santosh, if you give this bastard a bowl of gold then he will Santosh, if you give this bastard a bowl of gold then he will also ask for it.  Hey, she is also ask for it.  Hey, she is also ask for it.  Hey, she is going by airplane.  Can't you see going by airplane.  Can't you see going by airplane.  Can't you see behind?  Where will the auto come here?   Let us go. behind?  Where will the auto come here?   Let us go. behind?  Where will the auto come here?   Let us go. Bhau, ever since I have been working with you, I have been getting a lot of fun.   If you Bhau, ever since I have been working with you, I have been getting a lot of fun.   If you stay with me, you will enjoy like this stay with me, you will enjoy like this stay with me, you will enjoy like this but your payment will be deducted brother. but your payment will be deducted brother. but your payment will be deducted brother. I don't give it away for free like this. Bapu, Bapu, Bapu, by the way, you have booked a very big hotel this time. by the way, you have booked a very big hotel this time. by the way, you have booked a very big hotel this time. How much is its rent? How much is its rent? How much is its rent? Only ₹12,000 Only ₹12,000 Only ₹12,000 ₹12,000 I can even take a bath in this swimming pool. ₹12,000 I can even take a bath in this swimming pool. Yes, you can take a bath but you do Yes, you can take a bath but you do Yes, you can take a bath but you do n't have to.  Satisfaction is needed.  Go son, you jump.   The n't have to.  Satisfaction is needed.  Go son, you jump.   The n't have to.  Satisfaction is needed.  Go son, you jump.   The water of Bhaya seems very salty. water of Bhaya seems very salty. water of Bhaya seems very salty. Hey, the sea is nearby, that's why it feels salty. Hey, the sea is nearby, that's why it feels salty. Hey Santosh, the sea is nearby, that's why the water does Hey Santosh, the sea is nearby, that's why the water does Hey Santosh, the sea is nearby, that's why the water does n't seem salty, or people have n't seem salty, or people have n't seem salty, or people have destroyed it by peeing, that's why it seems salty.  Let's go back.   Hey, at least pee, destroyed it by peeing, that's why it seems salty.  Let's go back.   Hey, at least pee, destroyed it by peeing, that's why it seems salty.  Let's go back.   Hey, at least pee, I am having a lot of fun. I am having a lot of fun. I am having a lot of fun. You also come quickly.  [laughs] Came to the stadium to watch the match today. Came to the stadium to watch the match today. Came to the stadium to watch the match today. Bhabhi, what is this poor man's ticket? Bhabhi, what is this poor man's ticket? Bhabhi, what is this poor man's ticket? Even the players are not visible properly from here.  Hey bastard, Even the players are not visible properly from here.  Hey bastard, Even the players are not visible properly from here.  Hey bastard, look at the place where you brought me.  I could never have look at the place where you brought me.  I could never have look at the place where you brought me.  I could never have come here in my life.  But I brought you to come here in my life.  But I brought you to come here in my life.  But I brought you to show you any kind of table.  The bastard wo show you any kind of table.  The bastard wo show you any kind of table.  The bastard wo n't be visible from here.  Zoom in carefully and see if you can see it. n't be visible from here.  Zoom in carefully and see if you can see it. n't be visible from here.  Zoom in carefully and see if you can see it. My brother, because of this pole, I am brother, because of this pole, I am brother, because of this pole, I am not able to see the batsman in front clearly. not able to see the batsman in front clearly. not able to see the batsman in front clearly. So how should I go and remove that pole?   Did So how should I go and remove that pole?   Did So how should I go and remove that pole?   Did n't I install that pole, bastard? n't I install that pole, bastard? n't I install that pole, bastard? Look at it as it appears.   I can Look at it as it appears.   I can Look at it as it appears.   I can see it brother.   Can see it brother.   Can see it brother.   Can you see it or not? you see it or not? you see it or not? Brother, I can see completely through the pillar. Brother, I can see completely through the pillar. Yes, it should look like that.  Bhau, if Shanti and I want to Yes, it should look like that.  Bhau, if Shanti and I want to Yes, it should look like that.  Bhau, if Shanti and I want to watch the match, will we both be visible on TV watch the match, will we both be visible on TV watch the match, will we both be visible on TV ?   Is ?   Is ?   Is your address clear between you and his house your address clear between you and his house your address clear between you and his house ?  Hey bastard, if I see Shanti's father on TV, I will beat you so much that I will ?  Hey bastard, if I see Shanti's father on TV, I will beat you so much that I will tear your entire ass.  It tear your entire ass.  It tear your entire ass.  It will be seen on TV.  Don't come here even by mistake. Harsho I have ₹20.  Should I bring popcorn Harsho I have ₹20.  Should I bring popcorn Harsho I have ₹20.  Should I bring popcorn ? ? ? Sister, here even a chocolate worth ₹5 is available for ₹50.  A Sister, here even a chocolate worth ₹5 is available for ₹50.  A Sister, here even a chocolate worth ₹5 is available for ₹50.  A packet of popcorn will be packet of popcorn will be packet of popcorn will be available for ₹200. available for ₹200. available for ₹200. ₹200?   If we ₹200?   If we ₹200?   If we eat here, we will go back poor. eat here, we will go back poor. eat here, we will go back poor. Farmers' meeting: There is Farmers' meeting: There is Farmers' meeting: There is no profit in farming.  Let me do no profit in farming.  Let me do no profit in farming.  Let me do one thing, this time I will plant power sugarcane one thing, this time I will plant power sugarcane one thing, this time I will plant power sugarcane crop.  Then there will be benefit. crop.  Then there will be benefit. crop.  Then there will be benefit. I will plant paddy crop. I will plant paddy crop. I will plant paddy crop. Double money comes out twice in a year.  That's why you are the Double money comes out twice in a year.  That's why you are the Double money comes out twice in a year.  That's why you are the poorest of the poor.  I will plant opium poorest of the poor.  I will plant opium poorest of the poor.  I will plant opium crop.   Hey, if the crop.   Hey, if the crop.   Hey, if the police come to know about it, they will beat you so much when they police come to know about it, they will beat you so much when they police come to know about it, they will beat you so much when they come to your house.  I will come to your house.  I will come to your house.  I will never be able to grow another crop in my life. never be able to grow another crop in my life. never be able to grow another crop in my life. How many times has the police come to his farm till date How many times has the police come to his farm till date How many times has the police come to his farm till date ?   Didn't ?   Didn't ?   Didn't come even once. come even once. come even once. Yes, she will still not come. Yes, she will still not come. Yes, she will still not come. I will go and tell them that Santosh I will go and tell them that Santosh I will go and tell them that Santosh planted opium in his field.  You bastard, you are jealous, let planted opium in his field.  You bastard, you are jealous, let planted opium in his field.  You bastard, you are jealous, let him plant it, the poor guy is planting it, him plant it, the poor guy is planting it, him plant it, the poor guy is planting it, but Santosh, according to section 18 of the NDPS Act, but Santosh, according to section 18 of the NDPS Act, but Santosh, according to section 18 of the NDPS Act, if you grow opium without permission, if you grow opium without permission, if you grow opium without permission, you can be jailed for 10 to 20 years you can be jailed for 10 to 20 years you can be jailed for 10 to 20 years and can also be fined 1 lakh, and can also be fined 1 lakh, and can also be fined 1 lakh, so I will come back after paying ₹1 lakh, then so I will come back after paying ₹1 lakh, then so I will come back after paying ₹1 lakh, then 1 lakh will be yours because the crop will 1 lakh will be yours because the crop will 1 lakh will be yours because the crop will also be confiscated, it will be completely yours, then you also be confiscated, it will be completely yours, then you also be confiscated, it will be completely yours, then you beggar beggar beggar listen, this is the most professional wedding of our village, listen, this is the most professional wedding of our village, listen, this is the most professional wedding of our village, of an army man, do not do any village of an army man, do not do any village of an army man, do not do any village things here, we should behave well. things here, we should behave well. things here, we should behave well. Ok.  Sitting on the chair.  Let us go.  [MUSIC] I am. I am here brother.   Get out of here. Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Hey, this is brother-in-law's hotel.  Mother's Hey, this is brother-in-law's hotel.  Mother's Hey, this is brother-in-law's hotel.  Mother's your sister's hotel.  [laughter] sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes [music] sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes [music] sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes [music] sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes sometimes [groaning sound][screaming sound] [groaning sound][screaming sound] [groaning sound][screaming sound] [laughter] what kind of torn clothes has he come wearing, I feel torn clothes has he come wearing, I feel torn clothes has he come wearing, I feel ashamed to stand with you, ashamed to stand with you, ashamed to stand with you, Gaddu Appia, Gaddu Appia, Gaddu Appia, what is the problem with my clothes, what is the problem with my clothes, what is the problem with my clothes, look Bala, these are really nice clothes, these are these, I have look Bala, these are really nice clothes, these are these, I have look Bala, these are really nice clothes, these are these, I have brought these shoes after washing them completely, have I never brought these shoes after washing them completely, have I never seen him shining Poo's shoes seen him shining Poo's shoes seen him shining Poo's shoes in my life [laughter] in my life [laughter] in my life [laughter] So our main topic today is Snapchat So our main topic today is Snapchat So our main topic today is Snapchat Prabhat, we have heard about Aloo Chaat.  Have you Prabhat, we have heard about Aloo Chaat.  Have you Prabhat, we have heard about Aloo Chaat.  Have you heard about Samosa Chaat?  But never heard about Samosa Chaat?  But never heard about Samosa Chaat?  But never heard of Snapchat.   Do heard of Snapchat.   Do heard of Snapchat.   Do n't you know technology? n't you know technology? n't you know technology? How to order Aloo Chaat Samosa Chaat? How to order Aloo Chaat Samosa Chaat? How to order Aloo Chaat Samosa Chaat? From Snapchat.  Hey, do you both have a From Snapchat.  Hey, do you both have a From Snapchat.  Hey, do you both have a girlfriend? girlfriend? girlfriend? Hey, that's not what is happening. Hey, that's not what is happening. Hey, that's not what is happening. Hey, it will be fine with time, don't cry now. Hey, it will be fine with time, don't cry now. Hey, it will be fine with time, don't cry now. Not there.  Hey, how will you become a girlfriend when Not there.  Hey, how will you become a girlfriend when Not there.  Hey, how will you become a girlfriend when you don't know anything about snubs. you don't know anything about snubs. you don't know anything about snubs. Well, you still understand that this is about ordering your mother or girlfriend, Well, you still understand that this is about ordering your mother or girlfriend, Well, you still understand that this is about ordering your mother or girlfriend, right?  But you will get right?  But you will get right?  But you will get both of them within your budget.   It both of them within your budget.   It both of them within your budget.   It seems both of you have not entered this market yet.  First of all seems both of you have not entered this market yet.  First of all seems both of you have not entered this market yet.  First of all you have to create you have to create you have to create an ID.  Like mine is made. an ID.  Like mine is made. an ID.  Like mine is made. Snapchat also has some rules which are Snapchat also has some rules which are Snapchat also has some rules which are very important to follow.  First rule, this is very important to follow.  First rule, this is very important to follow.  First rule, this is my special friend, a piece of my heart.  Just my special friend, a piece of my heart.  Just my special friend, a piece of my heart.  Just sent the snap.  Let's see what you have sent. sent the snap.  Let's see what you have sent. sent the snap.  Let's see what you have sent. Directly remove such snaps. Directly remove such snaps. Directly remove such snaps. Rule number two.  This is my best friend. Rule number two.  This is my best friend. Rule number two.  This is my best friend. Now what snap has he sent?  Let me Now what snap has he sent?  Let me Now what snap has he sent?  Let me show you.  [Music] It's important to save a girl's snap, important to save a girl's snap, important to save a girl's snap, you know. you know. you know. Very down man. Very down man. Very down man. All this is fine.  But suppose Prabhat, All this is fine.  But suppose Prabhat, All this is fine.  But suppose Prabhat, I got a snap of some girl between 11 and 12. I got a snap of some girl between 11 and 12. I got a snap of some girl between 11 and 12. So should I see it or So should I see it or So should I see it or not?  Look, between 11 and 12, some girl not?  Look, between 11 and 12, some girl not?  Look, between 11 and 12, some girl sent you a snap, maybe sent you a snap, maybe sent you a snap, maybe she might talk to you. she might talk to you. she might talk to you. So what should I do in such a situation? So what should I do in such a situation? So what should I do in such a situation? You don't have to do anything.  You also have to You don't have to do anything.  You also have to You don't have to do anything.  You also have to send any snap so that she feels that send any snap so that she feels that send any snap so that she feels that you are sitting completely free.  Who knows, he might do it and you are sitting completely free.  Who knows, he might do it and you are sitting completely free.  Who knows, he might do it and your wish might be fulfilled. your wish might be fulfilled. your wish might be fulfilled. I am coming. I am coming. I am coming. Make time quickly. Make time quickly. Make time quickly. You are going alone but you will get bored.  I will You are going alone but you will get bored.  I will You are going alone but you will get bored.  I will call Prabhat.  He will definitely call Prabhat.  He will definitely call Prabhat.  He will definitely come. come. come. Hello Prabhat, where are you?   You were at Hello Prabhat, where are you?   You were at Hello Prabhat, where are you?   You were at home, right? home, right? home, right? Yes, I was saying, come with me a little to your place. Yes, I was saying, come with me a little to your place. Yes, I was saying, come with me a little to your place. Why?  What was the work? Why?  What was the work? Why?  What was the work? Nothing, I had to bring clothes.  I will also feed Nothing, I had to bring clothes.  I will also feed Nothing, I had to bring clothes.  I will also feed you something.  Come on what?  Okay, it's okay. you something.  Come on what?  Okay, it's okay. you something.  Come on what?  Okay, it's okay. Yes, okay, I am coming, stay outside your house. Yes, okay, I am coming, stay outside your house. Yes, okay. Yes, okay. Yes, okay. Ambulatory. Ambulatory. Ambulatory. I am coming with you, but I am coming with you, but I am coming with you, but I will drive the scooter. I will drive the scooter. I will drive the scooter. No, only your sister will drive the scooter. No, only your sister will drive the scooter. No, only your sister will drive the scooter. Hello, Devgan I am going to buy clothes with Varsha. Hello, Devgan I am going to buy clothes with Varsha. Hello, Devgan I am going to buy clothes with Varsha. And yes, sister is driving the scooter, take And yes, sister is driving the scooter, take And yes, sister is driving the scooter, take care of me. Bastard, I told you earlier Bastard, I told you earlier Bastard, I told you earlier not to go anywhere with him.  Vaman is taking the luggage not to go anywhere with him.  Vaman is taking the luggage not to go anywhere with him.  Vaman is taking the luggage , you come in my car.  The bastard does , you come in my car.  The bastard does , you come in my car.  The bastard does n't listen.  [laughter] n't listen.  [laughter] n't listen.  [laughter] Brother, mom is calling for dinner. Brother, mom is calling for dinner. Brother, mom is calling for dinner. What did you cook? What did you cook? What did you cook? Vegetable bread. Vegetable bread. Vegetable bread. Vegetable of what?   of Vegetable of what?   of Vegetable of what?   of ladyfinger. ladyfinger. ladyfinger. Ladyfinger vegetable?  Tell mom to Ladyfinger vegetable?  Tell mom to Ladyfinger vegetable?  Tell mom to feed ladyfinger vegetable to some animal.   Are feed ladyfinger vegetable to some animal.   Are feed ladyfinger vegetable to some animal.   Are you any less than an animal?   If you you any less than an animal?   If you you any less than an animal?   If you hit it like this below the ear, the ear will become hot. hit it like this below the ear, the ear will become hot. hit it like this below the ear, the ear will become hot. Ok. Ok. Ok. Today is Devkan's birthday.  Let me do one thing.  I will try it friend. Today is Devkan's birthday.  Let me do one thing.  I will try it friend. Watts started, Watts started. Watts started, Watts started. Watts started, Watts started. Yes, morning. Yes, morning. Yes, morning. Hello Devkan Happy Birthday.  Hey, thank you Hello Devkan Happy Birthday.  Hey, thank you Hello Devkan Happy Birthday.  Hey, thank you my brother. my brother. my brother. So brother, let's have a So brother, let's have a So brother, let's have a party today in the evening. party today in the evening. party today in the evening. Okay, wait a minute.  Bhabhi is calling. Okay, wait a minute.  Bhabhi is calling. Okay, wait a minute.  Bhabhi is calling. Yes, it's okay, right? Yes, it's okay, right? Yes, it's okay, right? Yes, Bitu. Yes, Bitu. Yes, Bitu. What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? Hey, it's nothing, it's Devgan's birthday, Hey, it's nothing, it's Devgan's birthday, Hey, it's nothing, it's Devgan's birthday, you were wishing him.   Please you were wishing him.   Please you were wishing him.   Please wish me a happy birthday too. wish me a happy birthday too. wish me a happy birthday too. Hey, then you wish him. Hey, then you wish him. Hey, then you wish him. Okay, I will do it. Okay, I will do it. Okay, I will do it. Oho, message from sister-in-law.  Happy birthday brother-in-law. Oho, message from sister-in-law.  Happy birthday brother-in-law. Oho, message from sister-in-law.  Happy birthday brother-in-law. Thank you Bhabhi Jaan.  I will throw a party when we meet. Thank you Bhabhi Jaan.  I will throw a party when we meet. Good sir. Good sir. Good sir. And I saw that Bhabhi's message did not come. And I saw that Bhabhi's message did not come. And I saw that Bhabhi's message did not come. Birthday wish had come.  Tell me what she said? Birthday wish had come.  Tell me what she said? Birthday wish had come.  Tell me what she said? Bhabhi Jaan Who is Bhabhi Jaan? Bhabhi Jaan Who is Bhabhi Jaan? Bhabhi Jaan Who is Bhabhi Jaan? Hey, your girl, I wrote it without love, sister-in-law. Hey, your girl, I wrote it without love, sister-in-law. Hey, your girl, I wrote it without love, sister-in-law. Well, when you met me, she was Well, when you met me, she was Well, when you met me, she was talking about a party, so I talking about a party, so I talking about a party, so I thought of the garden warden. thought of the garden warden. thought of the garden warden. Again he replied to my message without asking me [laughs].  I will Again he replied to my message without asking me [laughs].  I will Again he replied to my message without asking me [laughs].  I will cut it. cut it. cut it. Hey, I sent it with love.   I did it Hey, I sent it with love.   I did it Hey, I sent it with love.   I did it with love.  Block him quickly. with love.  Block him quickly. with love.  Block him quickly. Block it. Block it. Block it. Hey, your guy messaged her.  I Hey, your guy messaged her.  I Hey, your guy messaged her.  I said a little to wish him on his birthday. said a little to wish him on his birthday. said a little to wish him on his birthday. Hey, then explain it to your guy.  Did I ask you to Hey, then explain it to your guy.  Did I ask you to Hey, then explain it to your guy.  Did I ask you to message me on my birthday message me on my birthday message me on my birthday ?  So you will reply like this.