Let's unbox one of the most hyped date Let's unbox one of the most hyped date Let's unbox one of the most hyped date night scent for men. Super excited. night scent for men. Super excited. night scent for men. Super excited. So, this is Stronger with You by Emporio So, this is Stronger with You by Emporio So, this is Stronger with You by Emporio Armani and everyone is talking about Armani and everyone is talking about Armani and everyone is talking about this. Finally, I got my hands on this this. Finally, I got my hands on this this. Finally, I got my hands on this beauty. Wo! Just look at the bottle beauty. Wo! Just look at the bottle beauty. Wo! Just look at the bottle here. here. here. Wow. This bottle is sleek, classy, and Wow. This bottle is sleek, classy, and Wow. This bottle is sleek, classy, and very minimal. Okay, so this opens up very minimal. Okay, so this opens up very minimal. Okay, so this opens up sweet, warm, and spicy. I'm getting that sweet, warm, and spicy. I'm getting that sweet, warm, and spicy. I'm getting that vanilla, chestnut, and to be honest, vanilla, chestnut, and to be honest, vanilla, chestnut, and to be honest, it's a bit on a sweeter yet spicy style. it's a bit on a sweeter yet spicy style. it's a bit on a sweeter yet spicy style. Top notes are chestnut and sugar. And Top notes are chestnut and sugar. And Top notes are chestnut and sugar. And when it settles down, you'll smell when it settles down, you'll smell when it settles down, you'll smell sugar, vanilla, lavender. You will sugar, vanilla, lavender. You will sugar, vanilla, lavender. You will genuinely feel rich and premium if you genuinely feel rich and premium if you genuinely feel rich and premium if you wear this. So, this is priced at 6,600 wear this. So, this is priced at 6,600 wear this. So, this is priced at 6,600 rupees INR. And I'm sure if you buy rupees INR. And I'm sure if you buy rupees INR. And I'm sure if you buy online or look from other websites, online or look from other websites, online or look from other websites, you'll get at least a 10% discount on you'll get at least a 10% discount on you'll get at least a 10% discount on this one. Longevity is easily around 6 this one. Longevity is easily around 6 this one. Longevity is easily around 6 to 8 hours. And I'm saying this because to 8 hours. And I'm saying this because to 8 hours. And I'm saying this because I've already used Armani perfume. This I've already used Armani perfume. This I've already used Armani perfume. This is a compliment magnet for sure. Worth is a compliment magnet for sure. Worth is a compliment magnet for sure. Worth adding this to your collection.