Today, the poor girl is in a bad mood even on her birthday.  What happened was that Today, the poor girl is in a bad mood even on her birthday.  What happened was that Today, the poor girl is in a bad mood even on her birthday.  What happened was that we were going to our we were going to our we were going to our friend's birthday party.  Got friend's birthday party.  Got friend's birthday party.  Got ready and shady quickly.  Please do let me know in the comments how this dress looks on me.  The ready and shady quickly.  Please do let me know in the comments how this dress looks on me.  The first thing I ate as soon as I left the house was cake. first thing I ate as soon as I left the house was cake. first thing I ate as soon as I left the house was cake. Wished the birthday girl as soon as I reached the party hall.  And Wished the birthday girl as soon as I reached the party hall.  And Wished the birthday girl as soon as I reached the party hall.  And brother, wherever we girls go, we want to take photos brother, wherever we girls go, we want to take photos brother, wherever we girls go, we want to take photos [music] first of all.  Then came the turn of the most [music] first of all.  Then came the turn of the most [music] first of all.  Then came the turn of the most special moment.  Everyone sang Happy Birthday together. special moment.  Everyone sang Happy Birthday together. special moment.  Everyone sang Happy Birthday together. Cake cut and everyone celebrated their birthday. Cake cut and everyone celebrated their birthday. Cake cut and everyone celebrated their birthday. But the real party starts now.  Some But the real party starts now.  Some But the real party starts now.  Some ordered pasta and some ordered noodles.  I ordered pasta and some ordered noodles.  I ordered pasta and some ordered noodles.  I also ordered my all time favourite also ordered my all time favourite also ordered my all time favourite strawberry shake.  But what happened after this was strawberry shake.  But what happened after this was strawberry shake.  But what happened after this was not expected at all.  Brother, not expected at all.  Brother, not expected at all.  Brother, I forgot the birthday girl's birthday gift at home. I forgot the birthday girl's birthday gift at home. I forgot the birthday girl's birthday gift at home. What could be worse than this, but What could be worse than this, but What could be worse than this, but somehow I convinced him and brought him home.  I somehow I convinced him and brought him home.  I somehow I convinced him and brought him home.  I gave him this cute lap.