Hello everyone, good morning. So it is
4 in the morning and I am going to
my home in Bihar. So that's why I thought I should
make a complete blog about going home for the first time
because I have never made such a blog till date.
So let me show you
what happens next and in the blog.
I go to Bihar. I will go to my home and have so much
fun. I will
show you everything. So stay tune guys. Hey, I
forgot to tell you one thing that today is
also Independence Day. So Happy
Independence Day to all of you. And today I will
show you how beautifully decorated the airport
is. Look
how beautifully these people have decorated the airport with these tricolours.
Green, orange, white. So you guys
write in the comments what do these colors mean
? And why do the colours stand for the tricolour
? It's so beautiful.
So as you can see I have
reached the airport and very soon I will get my bag
checked in and I will go to the
gate, later I will show you the entire blog.
Our Mumbai airport. You
can see
how beautiful Mumbai airport is. So whoever wants to come to Mumbai, please come
quickly. And enjoy coming here
because this is a very beautiful airport.
And finally I have checked my bag.
I have arrived at the airport. It looks so
cute.
And here is our Indian tricolor. Happy
Independence Day guys. So as you guys can
see it is so early in the morning. Right now nothing proper is
visible. Flights are scheduled.
And I am standing here in the queue. I am
waiting. And this is me hurrying towards the
flight. And look at this
you guys, I am flying in the sky. Finally
I have boarded the flight. And I am
so excited.
Blogging is happening.
Look guys, my brother has come to pick me up.
And he's carrying my bag. And here,
pick up the other bag also. My car has arrived here.
Finally the airport opened in Purnia.
This is a big thing. This is the
airport of Purnia. And I have come to
my home. So finally I am home guys. Now
I will go home and show you
how much fun I have going home. Ok Bye. So this is the
road of my Purnia. You see how clean
we keep the roads in Purnia. So guys,
my city is no less than Mumbai.
Bihar and
these two brothers of mine are sitting in front who have come to
pick me up. Just waiting for mommy.
Then I will see how mom is feeling.
What have you brought for me?
So I have brought this pole for Papa. It
is a very beautiful mobile.
What does it belong to us? Brought it for us.
Yes.
Wow, proud of you.
My daughter has brought a mobile for me from Mumbai. We could
n't even imagine it. Had fun. Aha
how did you like it? How is the color? It's
very good. We had never even
used an Apple mobile. This is the first time I have bought such an
expensive mobile. Found it. My daughter
gave me a gift. Wow it is very beautiful.
This is my favorite spot where I
like to eat Dahi Puri and Momos without curd.
This is the most famous pot for worship. And here comes
Dahi Puri.
This is Shruti.
This is concentration on momos.
Oh brother,
yummy.
So in my blog you people
saw many interesting things about how I
came home from Mumbai and gifted a phone to Papa.
How happy he was. So I am thinking
that you guys please suggest me what
other blogs I should create at home.
What are you guys interested in seeing
? Would you enjoy watching it
, would you like it? Because I am a little
confused. There are so many things to make that
I feel I won't be able to make everything together
because actually after coming home I do
n't feel like being so engrossed in my phone.
But still I will try to
put vogue in as small portions as possible. But for that you will have to stay updated on my channel
and you will have to
give lots of love to my videos so that I can
post more interesting vlogs.
I am thinking of posting a home tour of my house. So for that
you will have to remain constant on my YouTube channel.
And please
tell me in the comments what other things I can do at home and
tell you because I am very excited right now.
I have come to Bihar and this time I
will stay here till Rakshabandhan. So I will
definitely post a vlog on many such things on the day of Rakshabandhan. So please guys please
visit that blog also and
give it lots of love. And the second part of Man Sundar's blog is
coming very soon guys.
Guys, I'm really sorry because there's a
lot of music in it and there are a few chances of copyright.
That's why I have to
edit it very closely. But till then
you guys watch this video and enjoy it. Please
tell me what other blogs I should
post on my channel so that I can
post many more vlogs and you people also get interested in watching them.
Ok? Till then
stay tuned. Bye Bye and Subscribe,
Like, Comment, Share and give lots of love to my videos.
