Hello everyone, good morning.  So it is Hello everyone, good morning.  So it is Hello everyone, good morning.  So it is 4 in the morning and I am going to 4 in the morning and I am going to 4 in the morning and I am going to my home in Bihar.  So that's why I thought I should my home in Bihar.  So that's why I thought I should my home in Bihar.  So that's why I thought I should make a complete blog about going home for the first time make a complete blog about going home for the first time make a complete blog about going home for the first time because I have never made such a blog till date. because I have never made such a blog till date. because I have never made such a blog till date. So let me show you So let me show you So let me show you what happens next and in the blog. what happens next and in the blog. what happens next and in the blog. I go to Bihar.  I will go to my home and have so much I go to Bihar.  I will go to my home and have so much I go to Bihar.  I will go to my home and have so much fun.  I will fun.  I will fun.  I will show you everything.  So stay tune guys.  Hey, I show you everything.  So stay tune guys.  Hey, I show you everything.  So stay tune guys.  Hey, I forgot to tell you one thing that today is forgot to tell you one thing that today is forgot to tell you one thing that today is also Independence Day.  So Happy also Independence Day.  So Happy also Independence Day.  So Happy Independence Day to all of you.  And today I will Independence Day to all of you.  And today I will Independence Day to all of you.  And today I will show you how beautifully decorated the airport show you how beautifully decorated the airport show you how beautifully decorated the airport is.  Look is.  Look is.  Look how beautifully these people have decorated the airport with these tricolours. how beautifully these people have decorated the airport with these tricolours. how beautifully these people have decorated the airport with these tricolours. Green, orange, white.  So you guys Green, orange, white.  So you guys Green, orange, white.  So you guys write in the comments what do these colors mean write in the comments what do these colors mean write in the comments what do these colors mean ?  And why do the colours stand for the tricolour ?  And why do the colours stand for the tricolour ?  And why do the colours stand for the tricolour ?  It's so beautiful. So as you can see I have So as you can see I have So as you can see I have reached the airport and very soon I will get my bag reached the airport and very soon I will get my bag reached the airport and very soon I will get my bag checked in and I will go to the checked in and I will go to the checked in and I will go to the gate, later I will show you the entire blog. gate, later I will show you the entire blog. gate, later I will show you the entire blog. Our Mumbai airport.  You Our Mumbai airport.  You Our Mumbai airport.  You can see can see can see how beautiful Mumbai airport is.  So whoever wants to come to Mumbai, please come how beautiful Mumbai airport is.  So whoever wants to come to Mumbai, please come how beautiful Mumbai airport is.  So whoever wants to come to Mumbai, please come quickly.  And enjoy coming here quickly.  And enjoy coming here quickly.  And enjoy coming here because this is a very beautiful airport. because this is a very beautiful airport. because this is a very beautiful airport. And finally I have checked my bag. And finally I have checked my bag. And finally I have checked my bag. I have arrived at the airport.  It looks so I have arrived at the airport.  It looks so I have arrived at the airport.  It looks so cute. cute. cute. And here is our Indian tricolor.  Happy And here is our Indian tricolor.  Happy And here is our Indian tricolor.  Happy Independence Day guys.  So as you guys can Independence Day guys.  So as you guys can Independence Day guys.  So as you guys can see it is so early in the morning.  Right now nothing proper is see it is so early in the morning.  Right now nothing proper is see it is so early in the morning.  Right now nothing proper is visible.  Flights are scheduled. visible.  Flights are scheduled. visible.  Flights are scheduled. And I am standing here in the queue.  I am And I am standing here in the queue.  I am And I am standing here in the queue.  I am waiting.  And this is me hurrying towards the waiting.  And this is me hurrying towards the waiting.  And this is me hurrying towards the flight.  And look at this flight.  And look at this flight.  And look at this you guys, I am flying in the sky.  Finally you guys, I am flying in the sky.  Finally you guys, I am flying in the sky.  Finally I have boarded the flight.  And I am I have boarded the flight.  And I am I have boarded the flight.  And I am so excited. so excited. so excited. Blogging is happening. Blogging is happening. Blogging is happening. Look guys, my brother has come to pick me up. Look guys, my brother has come to pick me up. Look guys, my brother has come to pick me up. And he's carrying my bag.  And here, And he's carrying my bag.  And here, And he's carrying my bag.  And here, pick up the other bag also.  My car has arrived here. pick up the other bag also.  My car has arrived here. pick up the other bag also.  My car has arrived here. Finally the airport opened in Purnia. Finally the airport opened in Purnia. Finally the airport opened in Purnia. This is a big thing.  This is the This is a big thing.  This is the This is a big thing.  This is the airport of Purnia.  And I have come to airport of Purnia.  And I have come to airport of Purnia.  And I have come to my home.  So finally I am home guys.  Now my home.  So finally I am home guys.  Now my home.  So finally I am home guys.  Now I will go home and show you I will go home and show you I will go home and show you how much fun I have going home.  Ok Bye.  So this is the how much fun I have going home.  Ok Bye.  So this is the how much fun I have going home.  Ok Bye.  So this is the road of my Purnia.  You see how clean road of my Purnia.  You see how clean road of my Purnia.  You see how clean we keep the roads in Purnia.  So guys, we keep the roads in Purnia.  So guys, we keep the roads in Purnia.  So guys, my city is no less than Mumbai. my city is no less than Mumbai. my city is no less than Mumbai. Bihar and Bihar and Bihar and these two brothers of mine are sitting in front who have come to these two brothers of mine are sitting in front who have come to these two brothers of mine are sitting in front who have come to pick me up.  Just waiting for mommy. pick me up.  Just waiting for mommy. pick me up.  Just waiting for mommy. Then I will see how mom is feeling. Then I will see how mom is feeling. Then I will see how mom is feeling. What have you brought for me? What have you brought for me? What have you brought for me? So I have brought this pole for Papa.   It So I have brought this pole for Papa.   It So I have brought this pole for Papa.   It is a very beautiful mobile. is a very beautiful mobile. is a very beautiful mobile. What does it belong to us?  Brought it for us. What does it belong to us?  Brought it for us. What does it belong to us?  Brought it for us. Yes. Yes. Yes. Wow, proud of you. Wow, proud of you. Wow, proud of you. My daughter has brought a mobile for me from Mumbai.  We could My daughter has brought a mobile for me from Mumbai.  We could My daughter has brought a mobile for me from Mumbai.  We could n't even imagine it.  Had fun.  Aha n't even imagine it.  Had fun.  Aha n't even imagine it.  Had fun.  Aha how did you like it?  How is the color?   It's how did you like it?  How is the color?   It's how did you like it?  How is the color?   It's very good.  We had never even very good.  We had never even very good.  We had never even used an Apple mobile.  This is the first time I have bought such an used an Apple mobile.  This is the first time I have bought such an used an Apple mobile.  This is the first time I have bought such an expensive mobile.  Found it.  My daughter expensive mobile.  Found it.  My daughter expensive mobile.  Found it.  My daughter gave me a gift.  Wow it is very beautiful. gave me a gift.  Wow it is very beautiful. gave me a gift.  Wow it is very beautiful. This is my favorite spot where I This is my favorite spot where I like to eat Dahi Puri and Momos without curd. like to eat Dahi Puri and Momos without curd. like to eat Dahi Puri and Momos without curd. This is the most famous pot for worship.  And here comes This is the most famous pot for worship.  And here comes This is the most famous pot for worship.  And here comes Dahi Puri. Dahi Puri. Dahi Puri. This is Shruti. This is Shruti. This is Shruti. This is concentration on momos. This is concentration on momos. This is concentration on momos. Oh brother, Oh brother, Oh brother, yummy. yummy. yummy. So in my blog you people So in my blog you people So in my blog you people saw many interesting things about how I saw many interesting things about how I saw many interesting things about how I came home from Mumbai and gifted a phone to Papa. came home from Mumbai and gifted a phone to Papa. came home from Mumbai and gifted a phone to Papa. How happy he was.  So I am thinking How happy he was.  So I am thinking How happy he was.  So I am thinking that you guys please suggest me what that you guys please suggest me what that you guys please suggest me what other blogs I should create at home. other blogs I should create at home. other blogs I should create at home. What are you guys interested in seeing What are you guys interested in seeing What are you guys interested in seeing ?  Would you enjoy watching it ?  Would you enjoy watching it ?  Would you enjoy watching it , would you like it?  Because I am a little , would you like it?  Because I am a little , would you like it?  Because I am a little confused.  There are so many things to make that confused.  There are so many things to make that confused.  There are so many things to make that I feel I won't be able to make everything together I feel I won't be able to make everything together I feel I won't be able to make everything together because actually after coming home I do because actually after coming home I do because actually after coming home I do n't feel like being so engrossed in my phone. n't feel like being so engrossed in my phone. n't feel like being so engrossed in my phone. But still I will try to But still I will try to put vogue in as small portions as possible.  But for that you will have to stay updated on my channel put vogue in as small portions as possible.  But for that you will have to stay updated on my channel put vogue in as small portions as possible.  But for that you will have to stay updated on my channel and you will have to and you will have to and you will have to give lots of love to my videos so that I can give lots of love to my videos so that I can give lots of love to my videos so that I can post more interesting vlogs. post more interesting vlogs. post more interesting vlogs. I am thinking of posting a home tour of my house.  So for that I am thinking of posting a home tour of my house.  So for that I am thinking of posting a home tour of my house.  So for that you will have to remain constant on my YouTube channel. you will have to remain constant on my YouTube channel. you will have to remain constant on my YouTube channel. And please And please And please tell me in the comments what other things I can do at home and tell me in the comments what other things I can do at home and tell you because I am very excited right now. tell you because I am very excited right now. tell you because I am very excited right now. I have come to Bihar and this time I I have come to Bihar and this time I I have come to Bihar and this time I will stay here till Rakshabandhan.  So I will will stay here till Rakshabandhan.  So I will definitely post a vlog on many such things on the day of Rakshabandhan.  So please guys please definitely post a vlog on many such things on the day of Rakshabandhan.  So please guys please definitely post a vlog on many such things on the day of Rakshabandhan.  So please guys please visit that blog also and visit that blog also and visit that blog also and give it lots of love.  And the second part of Man Sundar's blog is give it lots of love.  And the second part of Man Sundar's blog is give it lots of love.  And the second part of Man Sundar's blog is coming very soon guys. coming very soon guys. coming very soon guys. Guys, I'm really sorry because there's a Guys, I'm really sorry because there's a Guys, I'm really sorry because there's a lot of music in it and there are a few chances of copyright. lot of music in it and there are a few chances of copyright. lot of music in it and there are a few chances of copyright. That's why I have to That's why I have to That's why I have to edit it very closely.  But till then edit it very closely.  But till then edit it very closely.  But till then you guys watch this video and enjoy it.   Please you guys watch this video and enjoy it.   Please you guys watch this video and enjoy it.   Please tell me what other blogs I should tell me what other blogs I should tell me what other blogs I should post on my channel so that I can post on my channel so that I can post on my channel so that I can post many more vlogs and you people also get interested in watching them. post many more vlogs and you people also get interested in watching them. post many more vlogs and you people also get interested in watching them. Ok?  Till then Ok?  Till then Ok?  Till then stay tuned.  Bye Bye and Subscribe, stay tuned.  Bye Bye and Subscribe, stay tuned.  Bye Bye and Subscribe, Like, Comment, Share and give lots of love to my videos. Like, Comment, Share and give lots of love to my videos.