Hello guys. Welcome or welcome back to
my YouTube channel. I am so so so happy
you guys clicked on today's video
because today's video are I think one of
y'all's favorite videos. It's just a
basic day in the life vlog. Um I
actually was not planning on vlogging
today. I have just such a random day
today that I was like, let's vlog. Let's
vlog. And I feel like those are
sometimes the best day in the life vlogs
that are just kind of like nothing crazy
exciting, just my life.
As you guys can see, I'm in a different
background. I'm currently at my mom's
house because we for the weekend we went
to Palm Springs. It was my dad's [music]
birthday on March 19th. So, we headed
over there. It was my dad's birthday
over the weekend, so we headed on over
there and that was really nice. We went
on a hike and just got to spend a lot of
time together. And my brother's here for
that and for his spring break, too. So,
he also brought his girlfriend who I
love so incredibly much. She's amazing.
[music] They've been dating for I think
like 2 years and we love her so much.
You'll also see her. Today's agenda is
I'm getting ready right now. I need to
get dressed and then I need to clean a
little bit of Bambi space. Bambi is my
baby bunny. She is the best thing that
has ever happened to me. I need to feed
her her morning salad and then we are
going to go to my mom always calls it my
stomping grounds or red spectrum because
that's one of my favorite places in the
whole world. I need to go because I need
to get two new planners just because I
get two new planners every couple months
to kind of keep me on track. Um and then
I also am getting a birthday present for
my friend Jaden because [music]
it's her 18th birthday. And then I need
to come back here. And if you guys
didn't know, I have a clothing brand
called Bun and Kobe. Link in bio to
shop. We sell socks, hoodies, and we
actually just released PJs, which is so
insane to say. They have bun bun all
over them. They're so cute. I definitely
recommend getting if you guys order
soon. They will hopefully arrive in time
for Easter. Anyway, wow. Okay,
self-promo. Um, [music] but we got a
warehouse. So, we are going to be
grabbing. We have so many boxes in the
garage and in rooms [music] and
everything. And we're going to go move
them into the room. So, we're going to
do that today. And then tonight, I
obviously have my friend's 18 birthday
party. That is the plan for the day. I'm
going to stop rambling. I'm going to
finish doing my makeup and then we can
head out before.
One eternity later.
Okay. And then here is the after.
World's most basic makeup. Okay. Let's
go pick out an outfit. I think I'm going
to do these jeans and then I think this
blue striped sweater.
Okay, my outfit of choice. I changed it
a little bit. Blue heart pocket jeans
and then this little blue and white
striped cardigan. [music] Okay, ready?
It's going to be an awesome transition.
3 2 1
Boom! Baller transition. And I didn't
even fall. I ordered a pack of headbands
on Amazon and they were not good. But I
picked up this pack at Five Below and I
have been loving it. Look how cute
though. Okay. Um I'm going to feed Bambi
and then let's go. Okay. Let's make
Bambi breakfast. Boom. I usually have
like really cute bowls. I have like a
little lettuce ceramic bowl, a carrot
ceramic bowl, a strawberry plates. Like
they're all so cute. But I know that if
I brought it to my mom's that I'd
totally forget it here. So little paper
bowls it is. And I usually give her two
to three leaves of romaine lettuce. And
then her favorite thing in the world are
obviously carrots, but you shouldn't be
giving them too much. But she likes to
go for those first, so I hide them a
little bit. And papam. Okay, let's go
give it to her.
Let's go get her.
Baby, what are you doing? Is that yummy,
guys? She's fully just up on my lap. She
went like underneath this leg before I
could even sit down.
Are you hungry?
This is her little area right now. Look
at her little cabin house. I bought that
for her yesterday. Oh. Oh, she's back
here.
I was talking to Jasmine as we were
leaving and my mom needs me to get her
Mackie. My dog ate her lip glosses
yesterday and so my mom's like, "You
have to go get her the same lip glosses
[laughter] that Maggie ate." So, she
said it was road. That's going to be a
little bit difficult cuz I feel like
road things are always sold out. But
crossing my fingers. If not, I can get
her some more lip glosses for her to
try. I guess I literally bought her this
sweater to wear to Aiden's birthday. And
now I'm wearing it. So, okay. We just
got here. I was listening to my stage
coach playlist this entire time. My home
away from home. Let's go home.
Everything is so quiet and clean. Wow, I
love this. Other things I'm going to get
is I'm going to get a planner at the
planner store here. I think it's like
Aaron Condrin planner or is that an
organizer? But I [music] do want to get
some pens for my planner. And look at
how beautiful this end cap is. These
ones look so cool and fancy. I do really
[music] like the G2 Pilot. So, I'm just
going to get those for now. And then
just some plain old papermate cuz these
ones are pretty. I'll put like birthdays
and stuff in these. Shut up. Hoppy
notes.
And it's like cute little pens. Oh my
gosh. Easter Bunny, if you're watching
this, that's what I want in my Easter
basket. It's Jaden's 18th birthday. So,
I wonder if they have a card that says
18. [music]
Or I could get her like a really stupid
card. What if I got her one for a
grandpa? That'd be so funny. Like that's
our type of humor with her. I fear I
can't pass this up. Look,
it's a Hannah Montana t-shirt.
It's so cute with like a purple long
sleeve underneath. That'd [music] be a
fire fit. Okay, I'm in the men's
section. I just grabbed a bunch of
stuff. I know I'm going to have to go
back [music] and probably return 90% of
this cuz Aiden is so picky. But this is
what I found for him. Keep in mind, he
only wears like neutrals and maybe a
blue and it's very picky. So, this isn't
going to be abnormally cute. These
corduroy shorts. This t-shirt, which I
feel like he'll actually like. It's like
a sports one. these striped shorts,
which I feel like Jasmine is going to
make him wear. This plain t-shirt. This
plain t-shirt. I feel like he'll
actually wear that one. [music] And then
this blue t-shirt, but I'm like, I'm
literally going to have to go rack and
return 90% of this. Yay.
Oh my gosh, it's already getting busy.
But first stop, very successful. Okay,
next stop is Aaron Condrin, which is
like a build your own planner store.
It's my like the only place that I'll
get planners. I come here every couple
months to get planners, even though I
get them a year long. I don't want to
talk about it, but they're incredible.
I'll show you how I picked mine.
Okay, so here are all the different
planners that you can get. I get the
monthly planners and I get it in this
size and you can pick like the colors
and the spinals. And then I [music] get
the life planner layout. So, I have
three different chunks of like my day.
And then you can pick your cover. I
think I'm thinking about patterns. Let's
see. And look at you can get like your
name embroidered
decisions.
I kind of am vibing with that. Okay. So,
I'm getting two planners. One for like
social media videos, planning videos,
brand deals, everything like that. And
then the other one just for like life.
And these are the two covers. Plan on
it. And then I'm going to get Liy Shops
at the top. And then this one. [music]
And then I think I'm just going to get
Liy in the middle. And then would you
like your name on there?
Yeah. And then what's your feet?
Liy. L I S I. Oh, I love that. That
looks so good.
Yeah.
Okay, that was actually so easy. Um, I
got two whole customized planners for
like $65, which I feel like is insane.
Okay, now to Goriana. This is the best
place to get gifts. It's like the cutest
jewelry. I feel like that little blue
and gold chain is very her. I think I'm
going to do that one. And then I think
I'm also going to get some rings cuz the
rings are so cute. Okay, I think this is
the one that I decided on for myself. I
forgot all my rings at my house and I'm
at my mom's and I think I'm going to get
this. And honestly
with the [music] matching earrings for
my third hole. I'm kind of into it.
Okay, they're going to wrap it up all
day. Okay, next stop is Sephora. Goal.
Get Jasmine her road lip glosses and not
get me anything. Let's see if we can do
it, guys. It's literally so empty in
here. This is so nice. Okay, I found the
red section. She didn't remember. She
said it was more of a mauvey type one,
but then they also have just like the
regular lip treatment. I got her two
different like clear shade, but she said
she had like a mauvey [music] type lip
gloss. They're sold out of the rest. So,
I'm going to get her a couple different
lippies to try. Okay, I Okay, now I have
to get myself this. I really, really
want to try this [music] lip liner.
Seems like such a pretty shade. Okay, so
I may or may not have gone a little bit
crazy on the lip glosses for her, but I
also really wanted to have her try a
road blush. I'm going to get her
reaction when we get home. I hope she
likes them. Thank you so much. Gotti,
guys, this is bad. I literally only came
here for a couple things. PSA, if you
guys see me, don't go and take a picture
of me from afar because I can tell. I
think it's really cute, but I want to
say hi to you guys. Okay, last stop is
Addicted. I need to find a skirt for
tonight for the birthday party. That's
it. And then I'm leaving. Wow, it looks
very clean but also empty right now.
This is how I like it. Okay, got it. I
ended up just getting like cute pants. I
freaking love that store. Okay, I've
definitely definitely done enough
damage. Okay, team. We made it out of
Irvine Spectrum. It is whopping 92°.
But guess where we are? Price fries
Chick-fil-A. I'm picking up Chick-fil-A
for me, my mom, Jasmine, and Aiden. So,
I'm swimming. I'm really happy that AC's
on.
Hi, I'm Chick. How you doing today?
Good. How are you?
Good. Can I have your name?
Uh, Liy Li.
Okay. [music] How can I help you?
Um, can I please get a Chick-fil-A
deluxe meal, please? Ooh, can I try the
strawberry Sprite? Yeah.
And then, can we also get two medium
fries? I had to pull up their order on
my phone, but I wish you would [music]
have heard. And my brother's order at
Chick-fil-A is so funny. He gets three
Chick-fil-A [music]
chicken sandwiches. Three, and eats them
all. And then fries and grilled nugget.
I don't know how he does it. Thank you
so much. Thank you. Bye. That is a good
looking fry. It is very hot.
On me way home now. Mom, I'm vlogging
today. Do you want to say hi? Oh,
our house is a mess. [music]
My mom says our house is a mess.
Beautiful chicken sandwich. That's what
I like to see. This is what the fans
want to see.
Okay, taste test.
M. I feel like every single time I take
a bite of a burger or chicken sandwich,
I now just see all the memes of all
those owners eating their own sandwiches
like
Okay, guys. I did a haul and I showed
every Aiden everything that I got him.
Now he's going to give us a fashion
show. Fashion show first shirt. Do you
like it? Next one. Do you like it?
Yeah, I think so.
Approved. It's
a little like tight around the back.
Like that.
But if you feel like you're going to
wear it,
I feel like I would.
Next one. That's cute.
I've seen some guys like cut the bottom
of their shirts like not so it's
cropped, just so it like does like has
like that like roll shorts now. I like
them. I mean, they seem longer than like
what you usually do,
but like I don't feel like the size.
A full outfit without like pants in your
pocket. Okay, I I like it. [laughter]
Sue her. She likes it.
Sue her.
How are you feeling? Okay, that's a win.
Those are cute. I like the way that
those fit. They're all Target.
It looks good. You like them soft,
too.
Aiden, am I a good shopper?
Yes.
Guys, it's always such a big flex when
Aiden actually says yes to um clothes
that we buy cuz sometimes me and my mom
buy him so so so many pairs of clothes
and he'll like like one thing and
everything else he's like disgusted by,
repulsed, if you will. He's a picky guy.
It's kind of insulting at times, but I'm
not insulted today.
Okay, guys. Little life update. Um, we
hung out for a little bit. I edited some
videos and now we are at the storage
unit for Bun and Kobe. Aiden and Jasmine
already took one load and now we're at
the second load. I have my travel final
things. [music] And then we also have
the other cart that is full. Let's see
how it's looking. Okay, Jasmine, this is
fully fully loaded. It's insane. And
this is what it looks like right now.
Wow, look at those boxes. Boxo hoodies.
Quick tour. So, there's a door and you
walk in. We're going to like have like a
bunch a bunch of racks of hoodies, PJs,
all of them. I'm going to have a little
filming area over here. We've got a
bathroom, a very very full truck, and
then in here, we're going to have some
desks. So, Jaden, one of the people that
works for Bunn and Kovi, my mom, who are
like the two main people that work every
single day, they can work in here. We're
going to put desks and then all the
other people that work for Budd and Kobe
can come in too. And Aiden's just
unloading. Good progress, Bo.
Yep.
And they're working, too. I should
probably do something helpful. Our first
A few moments later.
Okay, guys. We are sending out flower
socks PR. And so, right now, we're
sorting the two different colorways cuz
we have a pink, yellow, and gray color
way, and then a blue multicolored, and
purple colorway. Look at how many socks
these are. This is insane.
Okay, I'm so excited. I actually ended
up doing a lot more damage cuz in
Okay, starting off with Target. I got
this really cute maxi skirt. It's like
[music] gingham red. I think I'm going
to wear this to stage coach. Like,
imagine this with like little brown
boots
and a little denim top. I'm so excited.
Okay, obviously I have Jaden's birthday
tonight, so I got her this card. And
then the Hannah Montana t-shirt and then
all of like the dates and everything
from 2006. It literally says 2006. I
think this is awesome. I got this in a
large and I'm going to put like a pink
or purple long sleeve underneath or like
lace. That'd be so cute. Okay, and then
from Brandy, Brandy is where I really
went insane. I wasn't even going to go
into Brandy and I saw like a couple pink
things in the window and I was like,
"Okay, I'm going to go in." I ended up
getting every single pink thing that
they own. And [music] I don't know why I
did this, but I love everything. I got
these little pink lined pants. I got
this pink t-shirt. And then I got these
tops. It's the same style, but different
colors. It's pink cheetah. And then same
one, but [music] in blue and white
stripe. And then this pink long sleeve.
It's so cute. This pink t-shirt. It's so
cute. It's like a collared and it has
little like ruffles. I could even see
myself like wearing a crew neck over it
and peeking out the little pink collar.
Pink button up, but it has [music] like
silver kind of in the stripes. To go
with the first pair of pants I got just
this little off the shoulder gray
sweater. This, it's the same exact
print, but in a tank. I think I actually
got two of these, but I think I'm going
to probably give one to Kenzie cuz she
loves this style of top. And then then
this style top. This one I actually I
literally got this for her because she
has one in green and she wears it all
the time. A little blue t-shirt. This
little pink shirt, but it's like all
thin. I feel like that' even be cute for
like a beach cover. And then these, they
look like they're like liny pants. This
is the print, but they're like PJ pants.
They're so soft, guys. Why did I get so
many things? And then just this light
pink little cardigan. Wow, that was a
lot. And then another pink long sleeve,
but this one like isn't cropped. The
other one's cropped. And then I know I
got this print, but I got it in a
different pattern. I mean, I I know it's
the same pattern, but I got it in like a
different shape. And then in pack, I got
my brother a shirt. And then I got this
really cute top. [music] I thought it'd
be so flattering. And then I got this is
lowrise. Zoe's [music] low-rise
girlfriend jeans, but I really like them
cuz they have two buttons at the top.
Thought it was something a little
different. And then from Addicted, I got
I'm going to wear these tonight. You'll
see me. I got It's a pair of white
jeans, but this is what the top looks
like. I don't know if this would even go
with it, but I just thought this was so
cute. Just a little gold belt, even
though it has silver on it. I don't
know. Might add a little funk to it. And
then I got a bunch of lip glosses, as
you saw, for Jasmine. Um I said,
"Jasmine, [music] you need to try them
all out and then give me a review." Hi,
Maggie. Come here. Want to come over
here?
Guys, he's so large. Anyway, so I gave
her all of the lip glosses. She's going
to give us a review. And then I got this
little summer Fridays lip planner, which
I'll probably try tonight. I got Jaden
her little bore gift.
Ooh, I need to show you my finished
planners.
This is my like personal planner. Oh,
you want to go outside? Okay, Mackie.
Mackey gets what Mackie wants, right?
Mackey, you want to go outside?
So chunky. My chunky boy. He likes to go
outside, especially in the evening. My
brother Jasmine and my mom went to the
driving range to go golfing. Okay. And
then my other planner. This is [music]
my Lucy shops planner and I ended up
choosing this print. So cute. I've
already filled out [music] so much. I
would show you, but
a lot of the things are secrets. Okay.
How on earth could I forget my Gorana?
The things that I bought from Gorana.
They always do it so cute. Like this
isn't even like the gift. And I got
three things. I got this really cute.
[music] It's like a ribbed heart ring.
Fits perfectly. And then to go with that
perfect little heart ring, I got these
little heart studs and they're matching.
I think I'm going to put them in right
now because I have a third ear piercing.
And then lastly, I got [music] this kind
of more basic one. Two rings. I look a
little bit less naked now. That's my
haul. That was an incredible haul and
I'm very proud of it. I was literally
only at the mall for like an hour, hour
and a half. Anyway, I need to I'm going
to hang some of this up. I need to split
up what I want to keep here and what I
want to go home. And then I think I
actually might take a shower. I feel so
gross. When we were um loading
everything in for the Bunny Warehouse, I
was sweating and I feel like I'm
sweating and I just see you in the next
one. Okay, guys. I washed my hair. I
took a shower. This is my outfit. I
could put on a headband, but I feel like
that makes me look like not as fancy
really. I did my makeup. I do want to
try out the new Summer Fridays lip
liner. Let's put the leaves in. I got
this in the shade plum. I think it's
more This is literally like a marker. It
also kind of smells like a marker. Okay,
so I think it's like kind of like a lip
stain. Flushed lip stain. Okay, it's a
lip stain. And then I'm going to go in
with a gloss. Okay, I'm going to try
this Kosis gloss except I tried I
thought that these were not plumping and
they're plumping. I do not like plumping
things cuz they just hurt and I feel
like they don't really make my lips look
any bigger. Or maybe they do. I just
don't notice. It doesn't do enough to
like do anything for me. Okay guys, I'm
about to leave. I thought I'd give you
guys a little finished look. I put these
little clips in. And then I have these
really cute jeans. And then I'm just
wearing little silver ballet flats. And
I'm excited to see people because it's
everybody but cuz it's from my old
school. So my high school. I'm not in
school anymore. Okay. I wrote her little
card.
Oh my gosh. Do you guys see the sky? My
mom lives right by the beach. So we get
a lot clearly a lot of marine layer.
