Hello guys. Welcome or welcome back to Hello guys. Welcome or welcome back to Hello guys. Welcome or welcome back to my YouTube channel. I am so so so happy my YouTube channel. I am so so so happy my YouTube channel. I am so so so happy you guys clicked on today's video you guys clicked on today's video you guys clicked on today's video because today's video are I think one of because today's video are I think one of because today's video are I think one of y'all's favorite videos. It's just a y'all's favorite videos. It's just a y'all's favorite videos. It's just a basic day in the life vlog. Um I basic day in the life vlog. Um I basic day in the life vlog. Um I actually was not planning on vlogging actually was not planning on vlogging actually was not planning on vlogging today. I have just such a random day today. I have just such a random day today. I have just such a random day today that I was like, let's vlog. Let's today that I was like, let's vlog. Let's today that I was like, let's vlog. Let's vlog. And I feel like those are vlog. And I feel like those are vlog. And I feel like those are sometimes the best day in the life vlogs sometimes the best day in the life vlogs sometimes the best day in the life vlogs that are just kind of like nothing crazy that are just kind of like nothing crazy that are just kind of like nothing crazy exciting, just my life. >> [music] >> As you guys can see, I'm in a different >> As you guys can see, I'm in a different >> As you guys can see, I'm in a different background. I'm currently at my mom's background. I'm currently at my mom's background. I'm currently at my mom's house because we for the weekend we went house because we for the weekend we went house because we for the weekend we went to Palm Springs. It was my dad's [music] to Palm Springs. It was my dad's [music] to Palm Springs. It was my dad's [music] birthday on March 19th. So, we headed birthday on March 19th. So, we headed birthday on March 19th. So, we headed over there. It was my dad's birthday over there. It was my dad's birthday over there. It was my dad's birthday over the weekend, so we headed on over over the weekend, so we headed on over over the weekend, so we headed on over there and that was really nice. We went there and that was really nice. We went there and that was really nice. We went on a hike and just got to spend a lot of on a hike and just got to spend a lot of on a hike and just got to spend a lot of time together. And my brother's here for time together. And my brother's here for time together. And my brother's here for that and for his spring break, too. So, that and for his spring break, too. So, that and for his spring break, too. So, he also brought his girlfriend who I he also brought his girlfriend who I he also brought his girlfriend who I love so incredibly much. She's amazing. love so incredibly much. She's amazing. love so incredibly much. She's amazing. [music] They've been dating for I think [music] They've been dating for I think [music] They've been dating for I think like 2 years and we love her so much. like 2 years and we love her so much. like 2 years and we love her so much. You'll also see her. Today's agenda is You'll also see her. Today's agenda is You'll also see her. Today's agenda is I'm getting ready right now. I need to I'm getting ready right now. I need to I'm getting ready right now. I need to get dressed and then I need to clean a get dressed and then I need to clean a get dressed and then I need to clean a little bit of Bambi space. Bambi is my little bit of Bambi space. Bambi is my little bit of Bambi space. Bambi is my baby bunny. She is the best thing that baby bunny. She is the best thing that baby bunny. She is the best thing that has ever happened to me. I need to feed has ever happened to me. I need to feed has ever happened to me. I need to feed her her morning salad and then we are her her morning salad and then we are her her morning salad and then we are going to go to my mom always calls it my going to go to my mom always calls it my going to go to my mom always calls it my stomping grounds or red spectrum because stomping grounds or red spectrum because stomping grounds or red spectrum because that's one of my favorite places in the that's one of my favorite places in the that's one of my favorite places in the whole world. I need to go because I need whole world. I need to go because I need whole world. I need to go because I need to get two new planners just because I to get two new planners just because I to get two new planners just because I get two new planners every couple months get two new planners every couple months get two new planners every couple months to kind of keep me on track. Um and then to kind of keep me on track. Um and then to kind of keep me on track. Um and then I also am getting a birthday present for I also am getting a birthday present for I also am getting a birthday present for my friend Jaden because [music] my friend Jaden because [music] my friend Jaden because [music] >> it's her 18th birthday. And then I need >> it's her 18th birthday. And then I need >> it's her 18th birthday. And then I need to come back here. And if you guys to come back here. And if you guys to come back here. And if you guys didn't know, I have a clothing brand didn't know, I have a clothing brand didn't know, I have a clothing brand called Bun and Kobe. Link in bio to called Bun and Kobe. Link in bio to called Bun and Kobe. Link in bio to shop. We sell socks, hoodies, and we shop. We sell socks, hoodies, and we shop. We sell socks, hoodies, and we actually just released PJs, which is so actually just released PJs, which is so actually just released PJs, which is so insane to say. They have bun bun all insane to say. They have bun bun all insane to say. They have bun bun all over them. They're so cute. I definitely over them. They're so cute. I definitely over them. They're so cute. I definitely recommend getting if you guys order recommend getting if you guys order recommend getting if you guys order soon. They will hopefully arrive in time soon. They will hopefully arrive in time soon. They will hopefully arrive in time for Easter. Anyway, wow. Okay, for Easter. Anyway, wow. Okay, for Easter. Anyway, wow. Okay, self-promo. Um, [music] but we got a self-promo. Um, [music] but we got a self-promo. Um, [music] but we got a warehouse. So, we are going to be warehouse. So, we are going to be warehouse. So, we are going to be grabbing. We have so many boxes in the grabbing. We have so many boxes in the grabbing. We have so many boxes in the garage and in rooms [music] and garage and in rooms [music] and garage and in rooms [music] and everything. And we're going to go move everything. And we're going to go move everything. And we're going to go move them into the room. So, we're going to them into the room. So, we're going to them into the room. So, we're going to do that today. And then tonight, I do that today. And then tonight, I do that today. And then tonight, I obviously have my friend's 18 birthday obviously have my friend's 18 birthday obviously have my friend's 18 birthday party. That is the plan for the day. I'm party. That is the plan for the day. I'm party. That is the plan for the day. I'm going to stop rambling. I'm going to going to stop rambling. I'm going to going to stop rambling. I'm going to finish doing my makeup and then we can finish doing my makeup and then we can finish doing my makeup and then we can head out before. head out before. head out before. >> One eternity later. >> One eternity later. >> One eternity later. >> Okay. And then here is the after. >> Okay. And then here is the after. >> Okay. And then here is the after. World's most basic makeup. Okay. Let's World's most basic makeup. Okay. Let's World's most basic makeup. Okay. Let's go pick out an outfit. I think I'm going go pick out an outfit. I think I'm going go pick out an outfit. I think I'm going to do these jeans and then I think this to do these jeans and then I think this to do these jeans and then I think this blue striped sweater. blue striped sweater. blue striped sweater. >> Okay, my outfit of choice. I changed it >> Okay, my outfit of choice. I changed it >> Okay, my outfit of choice. I changed it a little bit. Blue heart pocket jeans a little bit. Blue heart pocket jeans a little bit. Blue heart pocket jeans and then this little blue and white and then this little blue and white and then this little blue and white striped cardigan. [music] Okay, ready? striped cardigan. [music] Okay, ready? striped cardigan. [music] Okay, ready? It's going to be an awesome transition. It's going to be an awesome transition. It's going to be an awesome transition. 3 2 1 3 2 1 3 2 1 Boom! Baller transition. And I didn't Boom! Baller transition. And I didn't Boom! Baller transition. And I didn't even fall. I ordered a pack of headbands even fall. I ordered a pack of headbands even fall. I ordered a pack of headbands on Amazon and they were not good. But I on Amazon and they were not good. But I on Amazon and they were not good. But I picked up this pack at Five Below and I picked up this pack at Five Below and I picked up this pack at Five Below and I have been loving it. Look how cute have been loving it. Look how cute have been loving it. Look how cute though. Okay. Um I'm going to feed Bambi though. Okay. Um I'm going to feed Bambi though. Okay. Um I'm going to feed Bambi and then let's go. Okay. Let's make and then let's go. Okay. Let's make and then let's go. Okay. Let's make Bambi breakfast. Boom. I usually have Bambi breakfast. Boom. I usually have Bambi breakfast. Boom. I usually have like really cute bowls. I have like a like really cute bowls. I have like a like really cute bowls. I have like a little lettuce ceramic bowl, a carrot little lettuce ceramic bowl, a carrot little lettuce ceramic bowl, a carrot ceramic bowl, a strawberry plates. Like ceramic bowl, a strawberry plates. Like ceramic bowl, a strawberry plates. Like they're all so cute. But I know that if they're all so cute. But I know that if they're all so cute. But I know that if I brought it to my mom's that I'd I brought it to my mom's that I'd I brought it to my mom's that I'd totally forget it here. So little paper totally forget it here. So little paper totally forget it here. So little paper bowls it is. And I usually give her two bowls it is. And I usually give her two bowls it is. And I usually give her two to three leaves of romaine lettuce. And to three leaves of romaine lettuce. And to three leaves of romaine lettuce. And then her favorite thing in the world are then her favorite thing in the world are then her favorite thing in the world are obviously carrots, but you shouldn't be obviously carrots, but you shouldn't be obviously carrots, but you shouldn't be giving them too much. But she likes to giving them too much. But she likes to giving them too much. But she likes to go for those first, so I hide them a go for those first, so I hide them a go for those first, so I hide them a little bit. And papam. Okay, let's go little bit. And papam. Okay, let's go little bit. And papam. Okay, let's go give it to her. give it to her. give it to her. >> Let's go get her. >> Let's go get her. >> Let's go get her. >> Baby, what are you doing? Is that yummy, >> Baby, what are you doing? Is that yummy, >> Baby, what are you doing? Is that yummy, >> guys? She's fully just up on my lap. She >> guys? She's fully just up on my lap. She >> guys? She's fully just up on my lap. She went like underneath this leg before I went like underneath this leg before I went like underneath this leg before I could even sit down. could even sit down. could even sit down. >> Are you hungry? This is her little area right now. Look This is her little area right now. Look This is her little area right now. Look at her little cabin house. I bought that at her little cabin house. I bought that at her little cabin house. I bought that for her yesterday. Oh. Oh, she's back for her yesterday. Oh. Oh, she's back for her yesterday. Oh. Oh, she's back here. I was talking to Jasmine as we were I was talking to Jasmine as we were I was talking to Jasmine as we were leaving and my mom needs me to get her leaving and my mom needs me to get her leaving and my mom needs me to get her Mackie. My dog ate her lip glosses Mackie. My dog ate her lip glosses Mackie. My dog ate her lip glosses yesterday and so my mom's like, "You yesterday and so my mom's like, "You yesterday and so my mom's like, "You have to go get her the same lip glosses have to go get her the same lip glosses have to go get her the same lip glosses [laughter] that Maggie ate." So, she [laughter] that Maggie ate." So, she [laughter] that Maggie ate." So, she said it was road. That's going to be a said it was road. That's going to be a said it was road. That's going to be a little bit difficult cuz I feel like little bit difficult cuz I feel like little bit difficult cuz I feel like road things are always sold out. But road things are always sold out. But road things are always sold out. But crossing my fingers. If not, I can get crossing my fingers. If not, I can get crossing my fingers. If not, I can get her some more lip glosses for her to her some more lip glosses for her to her some more lip glosses for her to try. I guess I literally bought her this try. I guess I literally bought her this try. I guess I literally bought her this sweater to wear to Aiden's birthday. And sweater to wear to Aiden's birthday. And sweater to wear to Aiden's birthday. And now I'm wearing it. So, okay. We just now I'm wearing it. So, okay. We just now I'm wearing it. So, okay. We just got here. I was listening to my stage got here. I was listening to my stage got here. I was listening to my stage coach playlist this entire time. My home coach playlist this entire time. My home coach playlist this entire time. My home away from home. Let's go home. Everything is so quiet and clean. Wow, I Everything is so quiet and clean. Wow, I Everything is so quiet and clean. Wow, I love this. Other things I'm going to get love this. Other things I'm going to get love this. Other things I'm going to get is I'm going to get a planner at the is I'm going to get a planner at the is I'm going to get a planner at the planner store here. I think it's like planner store here. I think it's like planner store here. I think it's like Aaron Condrin planner or is that an Aaron Condrin planner or is that an Aaron Condrin planner or is that an organizer? But I [music] do want to get organizer? But I [music] do want to get organizer? But I [music] do want to get some pens for my planner. And look at some pens for my planner. And look at some pens for my planner. And look at how beautiful this end cap is. These how beautiful this end cap is. These how beautiful this end cap is. These ones look so cool and fancy. I do really ones look so cool and fancy. I do really ones look so cool and fancy. I do really [music] like the G2 Pilot. So, I'm just [music] like the G2 Pilot. So, I'm just [music] like the G2 Pilot. So, I'm just going to get those for now. And then going to get those for now. And then going to get those for now. And then just some plain old papermate cuz these just some plain old papermate cuz these just some plain old papermate cuz these ones are pretty. I'll put like birthdays ones are pretty. I'll put like birthdays ones are pretty. I'll put like birthdays and stuff in these. Shut up. Hoppy and stuff in these. Shut up. Hoppy and stuff in these. Shut up. Hoppy notes. notes. notes. And it's like cute little pens. Oh my And it's like cute little pens. Oh my And it's like cute little pens. Oh my gosh. Easter Bunny, if you're watching gosh. Easter Bunny, if you're watching gosh. Easter Bunny, if you're watching this, that's what I want in my Easter this, that's what I want in my Easter this, that's what I want in my Easter basket. It's Jaden's 18th birthday. So, basket. It's Jaden's 18th birthday. So, basket. It's Jaden's 18th birthday. So, I wonder if they have a card that says I wonder if they have a card that says I wonder if they have a card that says 18. [music] 18. [music] 18. [music] Or I could get her like a really stupid Or I could get her like a really stupid Or I could get her like a really stupid card. What if I got her one for a card. What if I got her one for a card. What if I got her one for a grandpa? That'd be so funny. Like that's grandpa? That'd be so funny. Like that's grandpa? That'd be so funny. Like that's our type of humor with her. I fear I our type of humor with her. I fear I our type of humor with her. I fear I can't pass this up. Look, can't pass this up. Look, can't pass this up. Look, >> it's a Hannah Montana t-shirt. >> it's a Hannah Montana t-shirt. >> it's a Hannah Montana t-shirt. It's so cute with like a purple long It's so cute with like a purple long It's so cute with like a purple long sleeve underneath. That'd [music] be a sleeve underneath. That'd [music] be a sleeve underneath. That'd [music] be a fire fit. Okay, I'm in the men's fire fit. Okay, I'm in the men's fire fit. Okay, I'm in the men's section. I just grabbed a bunch of section. I just grabbed a bunch of section. I just grabbed a bunch of stuff. I know I'm going to have to go stuff. I know I'm going to have to go stuff. I know I'm going to have to go back [music] and probably return 90% of back [music] and probably return 90% of back [music] and probably return 90% of this cuz Aiden is so picky. But this is this cuz Aiden is so picky. But this is this cuz Aiden is so picky. But this is what I found for him. Keep in mind, he what I found for him. Keep in mind, he what I found for him. Keep in mind, he only wears like neutrals and maybe a only wears like neutrals and maybe a only wears like neutrals and maybe a blue and it's very picky. So, this isn't blue and it's very picky. So, this isn't blue and it's very picky. So, this isn't going to be abnormally cute. These going to be abnormally cute. These going to be abnormally cute. These corduroy shorts. This t-shirt, which I corduroy shorts. This t-shirt, which I corduroy shorts. This t-shirt, which I feel like he'll actually like. It's like feel like he'll actually like. It's like feel like he'll actually like. It's like a sports one. these striped shorts, a sports one. these striped shorts, a sports one. these striped shorts, which I feel like Jasmine is going to which I feel like Jasmine is going to which I feel like Jasmine is going to make him wear. This plain t-shirt. This make him wear. This plain t-shirt. This make him wear. This plain t-shirt. This plain t-shirt. I feel like he'll plain t-shirt. I feel like he'll plain t-shirt. I feel like he'll actually wear that one. [music] And then actually wear that one. [music] And then actually wear that one. [music] And then this blue t-shirt, but I'm like, I'm this blue t-shirt, but I'm like, I'm this blue t-shirt, but I'm like, I'm literally going to have to go rack and literally going to have to go rack and literally going to have to go rack and return 90% of this. Yay. Oh my gosh, it's already getting busy. Oh my gosh, it's already getting busy. Oh my gosh, it's already getting busy. But first stop, very successful. Okay, But first stop, very successful. Okay, But first stop, very successful. Okay, next stop is Aaron Condrin, which is next stop is Aaron Condrin, which is next stop is Aaron Condrin, which is like a build your own planner store. like a build your own planner store. like a build your own planner store. It's my like the only place that I'll It's my like the only place that I'll It's my like the only place that I'll get planners. I come here every couple get planners. I come here every couple get planners. I come here every couple months to get planners, even though I months to get planners, even though I months to get planners, even though I get them a year long. I don't want to get them a year long. I don't want to get them a year long. I don't want to talk about it, but they're incredible. talk about it, but they're incredible. talk about it, but they're incredible. I'll show you how I picked mine. Okay, so here are all the different Okay, so here are all the different Okay, so here are all the different planners that you can get. I get the planners that you can get. I get the planners that you can get. I get the monthly planners and I get it in this monthly planners and I get it in this monthly planners and I get it in this size and you can pick like the colors size and you can pick like the colors size and you can pick like the colors and the spinals. And then I [music] get and the spinals. And then I [music] get and the spinals. And then I [music] get the life planner layout. So, I have the life planner layout. So, I have the life planner layout. So, I have three different chunks of like my day. three different chunks of like my day. three different chunks of like my day. And then you can pick your cover. I And then you can pick your cover. I And then you can pick your cover. I think I'm thinking about patterns. Let's think I'm thinking about patterns. Let's think I'm thinking about patterns. Let's see. And look at you can get like your see. And look at you can get like your see. And look at you can get like your name embroidered name embroidered name embroidered >> decisions. >> decisions. >> decisions. >> I kind of am vibing with that. Okay. So, >> I kind of am vibing with that. Okay. So, >> I kind of am vibing with that. Okay. So, I'm getting two planners. One for like I'm getting two planners. One for like I'm getting two planners. One for like social media videos, planning videos, social media videos, planning videos, social media videos, planning videos, brand deals, everything like that. And brand deals, everything like that. And brand deals, everything like that. And then the other one just for like life. then the other one just for like life. then the other one just for like life. And these are the two covers. Plan on And these are the two covers. Plan on And these are the two covers. Plan on it. And then I'm going to get Liy Shops it. And then I'm going to get Liy Shops it. And then I'm going to get Liy Shops at the top. And then this one. [music] at the top. And then this one. [music] at the top. And then this one. [music] And then I think I'm just going to get And then I think I'm just going to get And then I think I'm just going to get Liy in the middle. And then would you Liy in the middle. And then would you Liy in the middle. And then would you like your name on there? like your name on there? like your name on there? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. And then what's your feet? >> Yeah. And then what's your feet? >> Yeah. And then what's your feet? >> Liy. L I S I. Oh, I love that. That >> Liy. L I S I. Oh, I love that. That >> Liy. L I S I. Oh, I love that. That looks so good. looks so good. looks so good. >> Yeah. >> Okay, that was actually so easy. Um, I >> Okay, that was actually so easy. Um, I >> Okay, that was actually so easy. Um, I got two whole customized planners for got two whole customized planners for got two whole customized planners for like $65, which I feel like is insane. like $65, which I feel like is insane. like $65, which I feel like is insane. Okay, now to Goriana. This is the best Okay, now to Goriana. This is the best Okay, now to Goriana. This is the best place to get gifts. It's like the cutest place to get gifts. It's like the cutest place to get gifts. It's like the cutest jewelry. I feel like that little blue jewelry. I feel like that little blue jewelry. I feel like that little blue and gold chain is very her. I think I'm and gold chain is very her. I think I'm and gold chain is very her. I think I'm going to do that one. And then I think going to do that one. And then I think going to do that one. And then I think I'm also going to get some rings cuz the I'm also going to get some rings cuz the I'm also going to get some rings cuz the rings are so cute. Okay, I think this is rings are so cute. Okay, I think this is rings are so cute. Okay, I think this is the one that I decided on for myself. I the one that I decided on for myself. I the one that I decided on for myself. I forgot all my rings at my house and I'm forgot all my rings at my house and I'm forgot all my rings at my house and I'm at my mom's and I think I'm going to get at my mom's and I think I'm going to get at my mom's and I think I'm going to get this. And honestly this. And honestly this. And honestly with the [music] matching earrings for with the [music] matching earrings for with the [music] matching earrings for my third hole. I'm kind of into it. my third hole. I'm kind of into it. my third hole. I'm kind of into it. Okay, they're going to wrap it up all Okay, they're going to wrap it up all Okay, they're going to wrap it up all day. Okay, next stop is Sephora. Goal. day. Okay, next stop is Sephora. Goal. day. Okay, next stop is Sephora. Goal. Get Jasmine her road lip glosses and not Get Jasmine her road lip glosses and not Get Jasmine her road lip glosses and not get me anything. Let's see if we can do get me anything. Let's see if we can do get me anything. Let's see if we can do it, guys. It's literally so empty in it, guys. It's literally so empty in it, guys. It's literally so empty in here. This is so nice. Okay, I found the here. This is so nice. Okay, I found the here. This is so nice. Okay, I found the red section. She didn't remember. She red section. She didn't remember. She red section. She didn't remember. She said it was more of a mauvey type one, said it was more of a mauvey type one, said it was more of a mauvey type one, but then they also have just like the but then they also have just like the but then they also have just like the regular lip treatment. I got her two regular lip treatment. I got her two regular lip treatment. I got her two different like clear shade, but she said different like clear shade, but she said different like clear shade, but she said she had like a mauvey [music] type lip she had like a mauvey [music] type lip she had like a mauvey [music] type lip gloss. They're sold out of the rest. So, gloss. They're sold out of the rest. So, gloss. They're sold out of the rest. So, I'm going to get her a couple different I'm going to get her a couple different I'm going to get her a couple different lippies to try. Okay, I Okay, now I have lippies to try. Okay, I Okay, now I have lippies to try. Okay, I Okay, now I have to get myself this. I really, really to get myself this. I really, really to get myself this. I really, really want to try this [music] lip liner. want to try this [music] lip liner. want to try this [music] lip liner. Seems like such a pretty shade. Okay, so Seems like such a pretty shade. Okay, so Seems like such a pretty shade. Okay, so I may or may not have gone a little bit I may or may not have gone a little bit I may or may not have gone a little bit crazy on the lip glosses for her, but I crazy on the lip glosses for her, but I crazy on the lip glosses for her, but I also really wanted to have her try a also really wanted to have her try a also really wanted to have her try a road blush. I'm going to get her road blush. I'm going to get her road blush. I'm going to get her reaction when we get home. I hope she reaction when we get home. I hope she reaction when we get home. I hope she likes them. Thank you so much. Gotti, likes them. Thank you so much. Gotti, likes them. Thank you so much. Gotti, guys, this is bad. I literally only came guys, this is bad. I literally only came guys, this is bad. I literally only came here for a couple things. PSA, if you here for a couple things. PSA, if you here for a couple things. PSA, if you guys see me, don't go and take a picture guys see me, don't go and take a picture guys see me, don't go and take a picture of me from afar because I can tell. I of me from afar because I can tell. I of me from afar because I can tell. I think it's really cute, but I want to think it's really cute, but I want to think it's really cute, but I want to say hi to you guys. Okay, last stop is say hi to you guys. Okay, last stop is say hi to you guys. Okay, last stop is Addicted. I need to find a skirt for Addicted. I need to find a skirt for Addicted. I need to find a skirt for tonight for the birthday party. That's tonight for the birthday party. That's tonight for the birthday party. That's it. And then I'm leaving. Wow, it looks it. And then I'm leaving. Wow, it looks it. And then I'm leaving. Wow, it looks very clean but also empty right now. very clean but also empty right now. very clean but also empty right now. This is how I like it. Okay, got it. I This is how I like it. Okay, got it. I This is how I like it. Okay, got it. I ended up just getting like cute pants. I ended up just getting like cute pants. I ended up just getting like cute pants. I freaking love that store. Okay, I've freaking love that store. Okay, I've freaking love that store. Okay, I've definitely definitely done enough definitely definitely done enough definitely definitely done enough damage. Okay, team. We made it out of damage. Okay, team. We made it out of damage. Okay, team. We made it out of Irvine Spectrum. It is whopping 92°. But guess where we are? Price fries But guess where we are? Price fries But guess where we are? Price fries Chick-fil-A. I'm picking up Chick-fil-A Chick-fil-A. I'm picking up Chick-fil-A Chick-fil-A. I'm picking up Chick-fil-A for me, my mom, Jasmine, and Aiden. So, for me, my mom, Jasmine, and Aiden. So, for me, my mom, Jasmine, and Aiden. So, I'm swimming. I'm really happy that AC's I'm swimming. I'm really happy that AC's I'm swimming. I'm really happy that AC's on. on. on. >> Hi, I'm Chick. How you doing today? >> Hi, I'm Chick. How you doing today? >> Hi, I'm Chick. How you doing today? >> Good. How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> Good. How are you? >> Good. Can I have your name? >> Good. Can I have your name? >> Good. Can I have your name? >> Uh, Liy Li. >> Uh, Liy Li. >> Uh, Liy Li. >> Okay. [music] How can I help you? >> Okay. [music] How can I help you? >> Okay. [music] How can I help you? >> Um, can I please get a Chick-fil-A >> Um, can I please get a Chick-fil-A >> Um, can I please get a Chick-fil-A deluxe meal, please? Ooh, can I try the deluxe meal, please? Ooh, can I try the deluxe meal, please? Ooh, can I try the strawberry Sprite? Yeah. strawberry Sprite? Yeah. strawberry Sprite? Yeah. >> And then, can we also get two medium >> And then, can we also get two medium >> And then, can we also get two medium fries? I had to pull up their order on fries? I had to pull up their order on fries? I had to pull up their order on my phone, but I wish you would [music] my phone, but I wish you would [music] my phone, but I wish you would [music] have heard. And my brother's order at have heard. And my brother's order at have heard. And my brother's order at Chick-fil-A is so funny. He gets three Chick-fil-A is so funny. He gets three Chick-fil-A is so funny. He gets three Chick-fil-A [music] Chick-fil-A [music] Chick-fil-A [music] chicken sandwiches. Three, and eats them chicken sandwiches. Three, and eats them chicken sandwiches. Three, and eats them all. And then fries and grilled nugget. all. And then fries and grilled nugget. all. And then fries and grilled nugget. I don't know how he does it. Thank you I don't know how he does it. Thank you I don't know how he does it. Thank you so much. Thank you. Bye. That is a good so much. Thank you. Bye. That is a good so much. Thank you. Bye. That is a good looking fry. It is very hot. On me way home now. Mom, I'm vlogging On me way home now. Mom, I'm vlogging On me way home now. Mom, I'm vlogging today. Do you want to say hi? Oh, today. Do you want to say hi? Oh, today. Do you want to say hi? Oh, >> our house is a mess. [music] >> our house is a mess. [music] >> our house is a mess. [music] >> My mom says our house is a mess. >> My mom says our house is a mess. >> My mom says our house is a mess. Beautiful chicken sandwich. That's what Beautiful chicken sandwich. That's what Beautiful chicken sandwich. That's what I like to see. This is what the fans I like to see. This is what the fans I like to see. This is what the fans want to see. want to see. want to see. Okay, taste test. Okay, taste test. Okay, taste test. M. I feel like every single time I take M. I feel like every single time I take M. I feel like every single time I take a bite of a burger or chicken sandwich, a bite of a burger or chicken sandwich, a bite of a burger or chicken sandwich, I now just see all the memes of all I now just see all the memes of all I now just see all the memes of all those owners eating their own sandwiches those owners eating their own sandwiches those owners eating their own sandwiches like Okay, guys. I did a haul and I showed Okay, guys. I did a haul and I showed Okay, guys. I did a haul and I showed every Aiden everything that I got him. every Aiden everything that I got him. every Aiden everything that I got him. Now he's going to give us a fashion Now he's going to give us a fashion Now he's going to give us a fashion show. Fashion show first shirt. Do you show. Fashion show first shirt. Do you show. Fashion show first shirt. Do you like it? Next one. Do you like it? like it? Next one. Do you like it? like it? Next one. Do you like it? >> Yeah, I think so. >> Yeah, I think so. >> Yeah, I think so. >> Approved. It's >> Approved. It's >> Approved. It's >> a little like tight around the back. >> a little like tight around the back. >> a little like tight around the back. Like that. Like that. Like that. >> But if you feel like you're going to >> But if you feel like you're going to >> But if you feel like you're going to wear it, wear it, wear it, >> I feel like I would. >> I feel like I would. >> I feel like I would. >> Next one. That's cute. >> Next one. That's cute. >> Next one. That's cute. >> I've seen some guys like cut the bottom >> I've seen some guys like cut the bottom >> I've seen some guys like cut the bottom of their shirts like not so it's of their shirts like not so it's of their shirts like not so it's cropped, just so it like does like has cropped, just so it like does like has cropped, just so it like does like has like that like roll shorts now. I like like that like roll shorts now. I like like that like roll shorts now. I like them. I mean, they seem longer than like them. I mean, they seem longer than like them. I mean, they seem longer than like what you usually do, what you usually do, what you usually do, >> but like I don't feel like the size. >> but like I don't feel like the size. >> but like I don't feel like the size. >> A full outfit without like pants in your >> A full outfit without like pants in your >> A full outfit without like pants in your pocket. Okay, I I like it. [laughter] pocket. Okay, I I like it. [laughter] pocket. Okay, I I like it. [laughter] >> Sue her. She likes it. >> Sue her. She likes it. >> Sue her. She likes it. >> Sue her. >> Sue her. >> Sue her. >> How are you feeling? Okay, that's a win. >> How are you feeling? Okay, that's a win. >> How are you feeling? Okay, that's a win. Those are cute. I like the way that Those are cute. I like the way that Those are cute. I like the way that those fit. They're all Target. those fit. They're all Target. those fit. They're all Target. >> It looks good. You like them soft, >> It looks good. You like them soft, >> It looks good. You like them soft, too. too. too. >> Aiden, am I a good shopper? >> Aiden, am I a good shopper? >> Aiden, am I a good shopper? >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Guys, it's always such a big flex when >> Guys, it's always such a big flex when >> Guys, it's always such a big flex when Aiden actually says yes to um clothes Aiden actually says yes to um clothes Aiden actually says yes to um clothes that we buy cuz sometimes me and my mom that we buy cuz sometimes me and my mom that we buy cuz sometimes me and my mom buy him so so so many pairs of clothes buy him so so so many pairs of clothes buy him so so so many pairs of clothes and he'll like like one thing and and he'll like like one thing and and he'll like like one thing and everything else he's like disgusted by, everything else he's like disgusted by, everything else he's like disgusted by, repulsed, if you will. He's a picky guy. repulsed, if you will. He's a picky guy. repulsed, if you will. He's a picky guy. It's kind of insulting at times, but I'm It's kind of insulting at times, but I'm It's kind of insulting at times, but I'm not insulted today. Okay, guys. Little life update. Um, we Okay, guys. Little life update. Um, we Okay, guys. Little life update. Um, we hung out for a little bit. I edited some hung out for a little bit. I edited some hung out for a little bit. I edited some videos and now we are at the storage videos and now we are at the storage videos and now we are at the storage unit for Bun and Kobe. Aiden and Jasmine unit for Bun and Kobe. Aiden and Jasmine unit for Bun and Kobe. Aiden and Jasmine already took one load and now we're at already took one load and now we're at already took one load and now we're at the second load. I have my travel final the second load. I have my travel final the second load. I have my travel final things. [music] And then we also have things. [music] And then we also have things. [music] And then we also have the other cart that is full. Let's see the other cart that is full. Let's see the other cart that is full. Let's see how it's looking. Okay, Jasmine, this is how it's looking. Okay, Jasmine, this is how it's looking. Okay, Jasmine, this is fully fully loaded. It's insane. And fully fully loaded. It's insane. And fully fully loaded. It's insane. And this is what it looks like right now. this is what it looks like right now. this is what it looks like right now. Wow, look at those boxes. Boxo hoodies. Wow, look at those boxes. Boxo hoodies. Wow, look at those boxes. Boxo hoodies. Quick tour. So, there's a door and you Quick tour. So, there's a door and you Quick tour. So, there's a door and you walk in. We're going to like have like a walk in. We're going to like have like a walk in. We're going to like have like a bunch a bunch of racks of hoodies, PJs, bunch a bunch of racks of hoodies, PJs, bunch a bunch of racks of hoodies, PJs, all of them. I'm going to have a little all of them. I'm going to have a little all of them. I'm going to have a little filming area over here. We've got a filming area over here. We've got a filming area over here. We've got a bathroom, a very very full truck, and bathroom, a very very full truck, and bathroom, a very very full truck, and then in here, we're going to have some then in here, we're going to have some then in here, we're going to have some desks. So, Jaden, one of the people that desks. So, Jaden, one of the people that desks. So, Jaden, one of the people that works for Bunn and Kovi, my mom, who are works for Bunn and Kovi, my mom, who are works for Bunn and Kovi, my mom, who are like the two main people that work every like the two main people that work every like the two main people that work every single day, they can work in here. We're single day, they can work in here. We're single day, they can work in here. We're going to put desks and then all the going to put desks and then all the going to put desks and then all the other people that work for Budd and Kobe other people that work for Budd and Kobe other people that work for Budd and Kobe can come in too. And Aiden's just can come in too. And Aiden's just can come in too. And Aiden's just unloading. Good progress, Bo. unloading. Good progress, Bo. unloading. Good progress, Bo. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> Yep. >> And they're working, too. I should >> And they're working, too. I should >> And they're working, too. I should probably do something helpful. Our first A few moments later. >> Okay, guys. We are sending out flower >> Okay, guys. We are sending out flower >> Okay, guys. We are sending out flower socks PR. And so, right now, we're socks PR. And so, right now, we're socks PR. And so, right now, we're sorting the two different colorways cuz sorting the two different colorways cuz sorting the two different colorways cuz we have a pink, yellow, and gray color we have a pink, yellow, and gray color we have a pink, yellow, and gray color way, and then a blue multicolored, and way, and then a blue multicolored, and way, and then a blue multicolored, and purple colorway. Look at how many socks purple colorway. Look at how many socks purple colorway. Look at how many socks these are. This is insane. Okay, I'm so excited. I actually ended Okay, I'm so excited. I actually ended Okay, I'm so excited. I actually ended up doing a lot more damage cuz in up doing a lot more damage cuz in up doing a lot more damage cuz in >> Okay, starting off with Target. I got >> Okay, starting off with Target. I got >> Okay, starting off with Target. I got this really cute maxi skirt. It's like this really cute maxi skirt. It's like this really cute maxi skirt. It's like [music] gingham red. I think I'm going [music] gingham red. I think I'm going [music] gingham red. I think I'm going to wear this to stage coach. Like, to wear this to stage coach. Like, to wear this to stage coach. Like, imagine this with like little brown imagine this with like little brown imagine this with like little brown boots boots boots >> and a little denim top. I'm so excited. >> and a little denim top. I'm so excited. >> and a little denim top. I'm so excited. Okay, obviously I have Jaden's birthday Okay, obviously I have Jaden's birthday Okay, obviously I have Jaden's birthday tonight, so I got her this card. And tonight, so I got her this card. And tonight, so I got her this card. And then the Hannah Montana t-shirt and then then the Hannah Montana t-shirt and then then the Hannah Montana t-shirt and then all of like the dates and everything all of like the dates and everything all of like the dates and everything from 2006. It literally says 2006. I from 2006. It literally says 2006. I from 2006. It literally says 2006. I think this is awesome. I got this in a think this is awesome. I got this in a think this is awesome. I got this in a large and I'm going to put like a pink large and I'm going to put like a pink large and I'm going to put like a pink or purple long sleeve underneath or like or purple long sleeve underneath or like or purple long sleeve underneath or like lace. That'd be so cute. Okay, and then lace. That'd be so cute. Okay, and then lace. That'd be so cute. Okay, and then from Brandy, Brandy is where I really from Brandy, Brandy is where I really from Brandy, Brandy is where I really went insane. I wasn't even going to go went insane. I wasn't even going to go went insane. I wasn't even going to go into Brandy and I saw like a couple pink into Brandy and I saw like a couple pink into Brandy and I saw like a couple pink things in the window and I was like, things in the window and I was like, things in the window and I was like, "Okay, I'm going to go in." I ended up "Okay, I'm going to go in." I ended up "Okay, I'm going to go in." I ended up getting every single pink thing that getting every single pink thing that getting every single pink thing that they own. And [music] I don't know why I they own. And [music] I don't know why I they own. And [music] I don't know why I did this, but I love everything. I got did this, but I love everything. I got did this, but I love everything. I got these little pink lined pants. I got these little pink lined pants. I got these little pink lined pants. I got this pink t-shirt. And then I got these this pink t-shirt. And then I got these this pink t-shirt. And then I got these tops. It's the same style, but different tops. It's the same style, but different tops. It's the same style, but different colors. It's pink cheetah. And then same colors. It's pink cheetah. And then same colors. It's pink cheetah. And then same one, but [music] in blue and white one, but [music] in blue and white one, but [music] in blue and white stripe. And then this pink long sleeve. stripe. And then this pink long sleeve. stripe. And then this pink long sleeve. It's so cute. This pink t-shirt. It's so It's so cute. This pink t-shirt. It's so It's so cute. This pink t-shirt. It's so cute. It's like a collared and it has cute. It's like a collared and it has cute. It's like a collared and it has little like ruffles. I could even see little like ruffles. I could even see little like ruffles. I could even see myself like wearing a crew neck over it myself like wearing a crew neck over it myself like wearing a crew neck over it and peeking out the little pink collar. and peeking out the little pink collar. and peeking out the little pink collar. Pink button up, but it has [music] like Pink button up, but it has [music] like Pink button up, but it has [music] like silver kind of in the stripes. To go silver kind of in the stripes. To go silver kind of in the stripes. To go with the first pair of pants I got just with the first pair of pants I got just with the first pair of pants I got just this little off the shoulder gray this little off the shoulder gray this little off the shoulder gray sweater. This, it's the same exact sweater. This, it's the same exact sweater. This, it's the same exact print, but in a tank. I think I actually print, but in a tank. I think I actually print, but in a tank. I think I actually got two of these, but I think I'm going got two of these, but I think I'm going got two of these, but I think I'm going to probably give one to Kenzie cuz she to probably give one to Kenzie cuz she to probably give one to Kenzie cuz she loves this style of top. And then then loves this style of top. And then then loves this style of top. And then then this style top. This one I actually I this style top. This one I actually I this style top. This one I actually I literally got this for her because she literally got this for her because she literally got this for her because she has one in green and she wears it all has one in green and she wears it all has one in green and she wears it all the time. A little blue t-shirt. This the time. A little blue t-shirt. This the time. A little blue t-shirt. This little pink shirt, but it's like all little pink shirt, but it's like all little pink shirt, but it's like all thin. I feel like that' even be cute for thin. I feel like that' even be cute for thin. I feel like that' even be cute for like a beach cover. And then these, they like a beach cover. And then these, they like a beach cover. And then these, they look like they're like liny pants. This look like they're like liny pants. This look like they're like liny pants. This is the print, but they're like PJ pants. is the print, but they're like PJ pants. is the print, but they're like PJ pants. They're so soft, guys. Why did I get so They're so soft, guys. Why did I get so They're so soft, guys. Why did I get so many things? And then just this light many things? And then just this light many things? And then just this light pink little cardigan. Wow, that was a pink little cardigan. Wow, that was a pink little cardigan. Wow, that was a lot. And then another pink long sleeve, lot. And then another pink long sleeve, lot. And then another pink long sleeve, but this one like isn't cropped. The but this one like isn't cropped. The but this one like isn't cropped. The other one's cropped. And then I know I other one's cropped. And then I know I other one's cropped. And then I know I got this print, but I got it in a got this print, but I got it in a got this print, but I got it in a different pattern. I mean, I I know it's different pattern. I mean, I I know it's different pattern. I mean, I I know it's the same pattern, but I got it in like a the same pattern, but I got it in like a the same pattern, but I got it in like a different shape. And then in pack, I got different shape. And then in pack, I got different shape. And then in pack, I got my brother a shirt. And then I got this my brother a shirt. And then I got this my brother a shirt. And then I got this really cute top. [music] I thought it'd really cute top. [music] I thought it'd really cute top. [music] I thought it'd be so flattering. And then I got this is be so flattering. And then I got this is be so flattering. And then I got this is lowrise. Zoe's [music] low-rise lowrise. Zoe's [music] low-rise lowrise. Zoe's [music] low-rise girlfriend jeans, but I really like them girlfriend jeans, but I really like them girlfriend jeans, but I really like them cuz they have two buttons at the top. cuz they have two buttons at the top. cuz they have two buttons at the top. Thought it was something a little Thought it was something a little Thought it was something a little different. And then from Addicted, I got different. And then from Addicted, I got different. And then from Addicted, I got I'm going to wear these tonight. You'll I'm going to wear these tonight. You'll I'm going to wear these tonight. You'll see me. I got It's a pair of white see me. I got It's a pair of white see me. I got It's a pair of white jeans, but this is what the top looks jeans, but this is what the top looks jeans, but this is what the top looks like. I don't know if this would even go like. I don't know if this would even go like. I don't know if this would even go with it, but I just thought this was so with it, but I just thought this was so with it, but I just thought this was so cute. Just a little gold belt, even cute. Just a little gold belt, even cute. Just a little gold belt, even though it has silver on it. I don't though it has silver on it. I don't though it has silver on it. I don't know. Might add a little funk to it. And know. Might add a little funk to it. And know. Might add a little funk to it. And then I got a bunch of lip glosses, as then I got a bunch of lip glosses, as then I got a bunch of lip glosses, as you saw, for Jasmine. Um I said, you saw, for Jasmine. Um I said, you saw, for Jasmine. Um I said, "Jasmine, [music] you need to try them "Jasmine, [music] you need to try them "Jasmine, [music] you need to try them all out and then give me a review." Hi, all out and then give me a review." Hi, all out and then give me a review." Hi, Maggie. Come here. Want to come over Maggie. Come here. Want to come over Maggie. Come here. Want to come over here? here? here? Guys, he's so large. Anyway, so I gave Guys, he's so large. Anyway, so I gave Guys, he's so large. Anyway, so I gave her all of the lip glosses. She's going her all of the lip glosses. She's going her all of the lip glosses. She's going to give us a review. And then I got this to give us a review. And then I got this to give us a review. And then I got this little summer Fridays lip planner, which little summer Fridays lip planner, which little summer Fridays lip planner, which I'll probably try tonight. I got Jaden I'll probably try tonight. I got Jaden I'll probably try tonight. I got Jaden her little bore gift. her little bore gift. her little bore gift. >> Ooh, I need to show you my finished >> Ooh, I need to show you my finished >> Ooh, I need to show you my finished planners. planners. planners. >> This is my like personal planner. Oh, >> This is my like personal planner. Oh, >> This is my like personal planner. Oh, you want to go outside? Okay, Mackie. you want to go outside? Okay, Mackie. you want to go outside? Okay, Mackie. Mackey gets what Mackie wants, right? Mackey gets what Mackie wants, right? Mackey gets what Mackie wants, right? Mackey, you want to go outside? Mackey, you want to go outside? Mackey, you want to go outside? So chunky. My chunky boy. He likes to go So chunky. My chunky boy. He likes to go So chunky. My chunky boy. He likes to go outside, especially in the evening. My outside, especially in the evening. My outside, especially in the evening. My brother Jasmine and my mom went to the brother Jasmine and my mom went to the brother Jasmine and my mom went to the driving range to go golfing. Okay. And driving range to go golfing. Okay. And driving range to go golfing. Okay. And then my other planner. This is [music] then my other planner. This is [music] then my other planner. This is [music] my Lucy shops planner and I ended up my Lucy shops planner and I ended up my Lucy shops planner and I ended up choosing this print. So cute. I've choosing this print. So cute. I've choosing this print. So cute. I've already filled out [music] so much. I already filled out [music] so much. I already filled out [music] so much. I would show you, but would show you, but would show you, but >> a lot of the things are secrets. Okay. >> a lot of the things are secrets. Okay. >> a lot of the things are secrets. Okay. >> How on earth could I forget my Gorana? >> How on earth could I forget my Gorana? >> How on earth could I forget my Gorana? The things that I bought from Gorana. The things that I bought from Gorana. The things that I bought from Gorana. They always do it so cute. Like this They always do it so cute. Like this They always do it so cute. Like this isn't even like the gift. And I got isn't even like the gift. And I got isn't even like the gift. And I got three things. I got this really cute. three things. I got this really cute. three things. I got this really cute. [music] It's like a ribbed heart ring. [music] It's like a ribbed heart ring. [music] It's like a ribbed heart ring. Fits perfectly. And then to go with that Fits perfectly. And then to go with that Fits perfectly. And then to go with that perfect little heart ring, I got these perfect little heart ring, I got these perfect little heart ring, I got these little heart studs and they're matching. little heart studs and they're matching. little heart studs and they're matching. I think I'm going to put them in right I think I'm going to put them in right I think I'm going to put them in right now because I have a third ear piercing. now because I have a third ear piercing. now because I have a third ear piercing. And then lastly, I got [music] this kind And then lastly, I got [music] this kind And then lastly, I got [music] this kind of more basic one. Two rings. I look a of more basic one. Two rings. I look a of more basic one. Two rings. I look a little bit less naked now. That's my little bit less naked now. That's my little bit less naked now. That's my haul. That was an incredible haul and haul. That was an incredible haul and haul. That was an incredible haul and I'm very proud of it. I was literally I'm very proud of it. I was literally I'm very proud of it. I was literally only at the mall for like an hour, hour only at the mall for like an hour, hour only at the mall for like an hour, hour and a half. Anyway, I need to I'm going and a half. Anyway, I need to I'm going and a half. Anyway, I need to I'm going to hang some of this up. I need to split to hang some of this up. I need to split to hang some of this up. I need to split up what I want to keep here and what I up what I want to keep here and what I up what I want to keep here and what I want to go home. And then I think I want to go home. And then I think I want to go home. And then I think I actually might take a shower. I feel so actually might take a shower. I feel so actually might take a shower. I feel so gross. When we were um loading gross. When we were um loading gross. When we were um loading everything in for the Bunny Warehouse, I everything in for the Bunny Warehouse, I everything in for the Bunny Warehouse, I was sweating and I feel like I'm was sweating and I feel like I'm was sweating and I feel like I'm sweating and I just see you in the next sweating and I just see you in the next sweating and I just see you in the next one. Okay, guys. I washed my hair. I one. Okay, guys. I washed my hair. I one. Okay, guys. I washed my hair. I took a shower. This is my outfit. I took a shower. This is my outfit. I took a shower. This is my outfit. I could put on a headband, but I feel like could put on a headband, but I feel like could put on a headband, but I feel like that makes me look like not as fancy that makes me look like not as fancy that makes me look like not as fancy really. I did my makeup. I do want to really. I did my makeup. I do want to really. I did my makeup. I do want to try out the new Summer Fridays lip try out the new Summer Fridays lip try out the new Summer Fridays lip liner. Let's put the leaves in. I got liner. Let's put the leaves in. I got liner. Let's put the leaves in. I got this in the shade plum. I think it's this in the shade plum. I think it's this in the shade plum. I think it's more This is literally like a marker. It more This is literally like a marker. It more This is literally like a marker. It also kind of smells like a marker. Okay, also kind of smells like a marker. Okay, also kind of smells like a marker. Okay, so I think it's like kind of like a lip so I think it's like kind of like a lip so I think it's like kind of like a lip stain. Flushed lip stain. Okay, it's a stain. Flushed lip stain. Okay, it's a stain. Flushed lip stain. Okay, it's a lip stain. And then I'm going to go in lip stain. And then I'm going to go in lip stain. And then I'm going to go in with a gloss. Okay, I'm going to try with a gloss. Okay, I'm going to try with a gloss. Okay, I'm going to try this Kosis gloss except I tried I this Kosis gloss except I tried I this Kosis gloss except I tried I thought that these were not plumping and thought that these were not plumping and thought that these were not plumping and they're plumping. I do not like plumping they're plumping. I do not like plumping they're plumping. I do not like plumping things cuz they just hurt and I feel things cuz they just hurt and I feel things cuz they just hurt and I feel like they don't really make my lips look like they don't really make my lips look like they don't really make my lips look any bigger. Or maybe they do. I just any bigger. Or maybe they do. I just any bigger. Or maybe they do. I just don't notice. It doesn't do enough to don't notice. It doesn't do enough to don't notice. It doesn't do enough to like do anything for me. Okay guys, I'm like do anything for me. Okay guys, I'm like do anything for me. Okay guys, I'm about to leave. I thought I'd give you about to leave. I thought I'd give you about to leave. I thought I'd give you guys a little finished look. I put these guys a little finished look. I put these guys a little finished look. I put these little clips in. And then I have these little clips in. And then I have these little clips in. And then I have these really cute jeans. And then I'm just really cute jeans. And then I'm just really cute jeans. And then I'm just wearing little silver ballet flats. And wearing little silver ballet flats. And wearing little silver ballet flats. And I'm excited to see people because it's I'm excited to see people because it's I'm excited to see people because it's everybody but cuz it's from my old everybody but cuz it's from my old everybody but cuz it's from my old school. So my high school. I'm not in school. So my high school. I'm not in school. So my high school. I'm not in school anymore. Okay. I wrote her little school anymore. Okay. I wrote her little school anymore. Okay. I wrote her little card. Oh my gosh. Do you guys see the sky? My Oh my gosh. Do you guys see the sky? My Oh my gosh. Do you guys see the sky? My mom lives right by the beach. So we get mom lives right by the beach. So we get mom lives right by the beach. So we get a lot clearly a lot of marine layer.