Good morning, it Good morning, it Good morning, it 's 9:00 in the morning and we're 's 9:00 in the morning and we're 's 9:00 in the morning and we're leaving for leaving for leaving for a holiday a holiday a holiday in in in Tuscany. So, we're about to go to Tuscany and the So, we're about to go to Tuscany and the So, we're about to go to Tuscany and the participants of this holiday will be participants of this holiday will be participants of this holiday will be me, Thiago, my brother, my dad, me, Thiago, my brother, my dad, me, Thiago, my brother, my dad, my dad's partner, my grandfather, my my dad's partner, my grandfather, my my dad's partner, my grandfather, my grandmother, my dad's partner's mother grandmother, my dad's partner's mother grandmother, my dad's partner's mother .  We are half of 1000. Oh, and the .  We are half of 1000. Oh, and the .  We are half of 1000. Oh, and the most important participant of this most important participant of this most important participant of this holiday will be Frida, aka the holiday will be Frida, aka the holiday will be Frida, aka the little dog I gave little dog I gave little dog I gave to my dad last year.  We're almost all ready to my dad last year.  We're almost all ready to my dad last year.  We're almost all ready except except except obviously my brother.  We'll spend this obviously my brother.  We'll spend this obviously my brother.  We'll spend this week's vacation in Tuscany week's vacation in Tuscany week's vacation in Tuscany and bye.  I'm going to Tuscany with my and bye.  I'm going to Tuscany with my and bye.  I'm going to Tuscany with my little willy, he's little willy, he's little willy, he's saying, with my grandfather.   I thought so too saying, with my grandfather.   I thought so too saying, with my grandfather.   I thought so too . . . How cool is Maranza.  Go Maranza.  I've How cool is Maranza.  Go Maranza.  I've How cool is Maranza.  Go Maranza.  I've already finished packing my suitcase, I already finished packing my suitcase, I already finished packing my suitcase, I just need to put the last few things in. just need to put the last few things in. just need to put the last few things in. So, our starting cars So, our starting cars So, our starting cars are my dad's C3 and my C3 that are my dad's C3 and my C3 that are my dad's C3 and my C3 that we are preparing.  We still have to we are preparing.  We still have to we are preparing.  We still have to fill in here.  I'm just telling you that they have to fill in here.  I'm just telling you that they have to fill in here.  I'm just telling you that they have to stay there, that is, there has to be room stay there, that is, there has to be room stay there, that is, there has to be room for a dog and two of my for a dog and two of my for a dog and two of my grandparents' suitcases.  Here are the other participants, grandparents' suitcases.  Here are the other participants, grandparents' suitcases.  Here are the other participants, Frida Frida Frida and the ondina. and the ondina. and the ondina. Come on, let's turn on the air now, stay Come on, let's turn on the air now, stay Come on, let's turn on the air now, stay calm. calm. calm. So guys, here we are, we're about to So guys, here we are, we're about to So guys, here we are, we're about to leave.  Here we have Giacomo, in front leave.  Here we have Giacomo, in front leave.  Here we have Giacomo, in front we have the INS car, so the we have the INS car, so the we have the INS car, so the old one.  [laughter] old one.  [laughter] old one.  [laughter] Yes, Madonna, poor Yes, Madonna, poor Yes, Madonna, poor Frida, put her in your arms. Frida, put her in your arms. Frida, put her in your arms. Let's get going.  I have to buy petrol Let's get going.  I have to buy petrol Let's get going.  I have to buy petrol because I have 35 km of autonomy.  Arrived in because I have 35 km of autonomy.  Arrived in because I have 35 km of autonomy.  Arrived in Parma. Parma. Parma. In Parma. In Parma. In Parma. In Parma. In Parma. In Parma. In Parma.  Eh, we're stopping in Onesia to In Parma.  Eh, we're stopping in Onesia to In Parma.  Eh, we're stopping in Onesia to eat something.  Nothing, after eating eat something.  Nothing, after eating eat something.  Nothing, after eating we set off again on our journey of we set off again on our journey of we set off again on our journey of hope.  Ah, there's hope.  Ah, there's hope.  Ah, there's really been a lot of fuss up until now, eh, but I really been a lot of fuss up until now, eh, but I really been a lot of fuss up until now, eh, but I 'm 'm 'm still here, er, I'm really the still here, er, I'm really the still here, er, I'm really the biggest complainer on the biggest complainer on the biggest complainer on the face of the earth.  I mean, I face of the earth.  I mean, I face of the earth.  I mean, I like to complain, I like to do like to complain, I like to do like to complain, I like to do things while complaining.  Laugh, things while complaining.  Laugh, things while complaining.  Laugh, laugh.  Bye my love.  Go, run, laugh.  Bye my love.  Go, run, laugh.  Bye my love.  Go, run, run, run, run.  Laugh, look. Good. Good. Good. Everyone gathered together. Everyone gathered together. Everyone gathered together. I'm eating a pasta ragù that I'm eating a pasta ragù that I'm eating a pasta ragù that Thiago hasn't eaten, usually already sweet.  Okay.  Show me usually already sweet.  Okay.  Show me usually already sweet.  Okay.  Show me subscribe to the channel. subscribe to the channel. subscribe to the channel. Ate.  We are heading to the Ate.  We are heading to the Ate.  We are heading to the location.  We are heading location.  We are heading location.  We are heading towards Supereto. towards Supereto. towards Supereto. Guys, after 17 hours Guys, after 17 hours Guys, after 17 hours and 56 minutes of travel we arrived.  It doesn't and 56 minutes of travel we arrived.  It doesn't and 56 minutes of travel we arrived.  It doesn't seem real to me.  It's 6 o'clock for the poor thing.  There seem real to me.  It's 6 o'clock for the poor thing.  There seem real to me.  It's 6 o'clock for the poor thing.  There 's a ping pong table here.  This is 's a ping pong table here.  This is 's a ping pong table here.  This is the entrance with everyone, what are the entrance with everyone, what are the entrance with everyone, what are those called?  Are you pressing us, are those called?  Are you pressing us, are those called?  Are you pressing us, are you lending us?  Another large table with a you lending us?  Another large table with a you lending us?  Another large table with a lounge and the swimming pool finally.  Darling, lounge and the swimming pool finally.  Darling, lounge and the swimming pool finally.  Darling, now we have to put on our swimsuits and now we have to put on our swimsuits and now we have to put on our swimsuits and take a dip.  Here is the kitchen. take a dip.  Here is the kitchen. take a dip.  Here is the kitchen. Here is a first room with this beautiful Here is a first room with this beautiful Here is a first room with this beautiful canopy bed.  The only thing that's canopy bed.  The only thing that's canopy bed.  The only thing that's scaring me is that there's no air scaring me is that there's no air scaring me is that there's no air conditioning.  I hope that's conditioning.  I hope that's conditioning.  I hope that's an air because we'll die of heat if it's an air because we'll die of heat if it's an air because we'll die of heat if it's not.  A bathroom.  Then there is another not.  A bathroom.  Then there is another not.  A bathroom.  Then there is another small room with a sofa and two beds. small room with a sofa and two beds. small room with a sofa and two beds. Here is another room with some sofas, Here is another room with some sofas, Here is another room with some sofas, a desk.  Over here there's another bathroom a desk.  Over here there's another bathroom a desk.  Over here there's another bathroom and another room I think I'll and another room I think I'll and another room I think I'll get this nice room. get this nice room. get this nice room. In fact, I'll put my phone here so it In fact, I'll put my phone here so it In fact, I'll put my phone here so it remains my room.  Theoretically remains my room.  Theoretically remains my room.  Theoretically there is a part above that should there is a part above that should there is a part above that should open with this key.   I open with this key.   I open with this key.   I think.  Okay.  I honestly don't know how, think.  Okay.  I honestly don't know how, think.  Okay.  I honestly don't know how, but I managed to get in.  Here there is a but I managed to get in.  Here there is a but I managed to get in.  Here there is a second kitchen with a fireplace.  This second kitchen with a fireplace.  This second kitchen with a fireplace.  This kitchen is a little bigger than the kitchen is a little bigger than the kitchen is a little bigger than the previous one.  And on this side there is previous one.  And on this side there is previous one.  And on this side there is a living room, a very large room with a living room, a very large room with a living room, a very large room with three beds.  Oh God, a fan.  Oh God, three beds.  Oh God, a fan.  Oh God, three beds.  Oh God, a fan.  Oh God, another bed.  Obviously, there's another bed.  Obviously, there's another bed.  Obviously, there's another room on this side.  I still don't know another room on this side.  I still don't know another room on this side.  I still don't know how many rooms there are, honestly.  And here's how many rooms there are, honestly.  And here's how many rooms there are, honestly.  And here's a bathroom.  Up here a bathroom.  Up here a bathroom.  Up here we're preparing the aperitif.  Tiago is we're preparing the aperitif.  Tiago is we're preparing the aperitif.  Tiago is there with his towel. there with his towel. there with his towel. HI. HI. HI. HI.  [music] HI.  [music] HI.  [music] And dad is taking a bath.  In And dad is taking a bath.  In And dad is taking a bath.  In the pool.   You the pool.   You the pool.   You have to wear a swimsuit in the swimming pool. have to wear a swimsuit in the swimming pool. have to wear a swimsuit in the swimming pool. You're naked. You're naked. You're naked. So, it's 8:30 or So, it's 8:30 or So, it's 8:30 or so anyway.  This was Thiago's pasta that he did so anyway.  This was Thiago's pasta that he did so anyway.  This was Thiago's pasta that he did n't want to finish, so now I'll eat n't want to finish, so now I'll eat n't want to finish, so now I'll eat two bucconi.  In the meantime, they're two bucconi.  In the meantime, they're two bucconi.  In the meantime, they're setting the table over there.  Happy birthday setting the table over there.  Happy birthday setting the table over there.  Happy birthday to you, happy birthday [sing] to you, happy birthday [sing] to you, happy birthday [sing] to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday Massi, happy birthday Massi, happy birthday Massi, happy birthday to you Vitalnato. Vitalnato. Vitalnato. Let's watch cartoons with Frida Let's watch cartoons with Frida Let's watch cartoons with Frida and here we'll all eat.  I was just finishing and here we'll all eat.  I was just finishing and here we'll all eat.  I was just finishing watching Temptation Island.   They watching Temptation Island.   They watching Temptation Island.   They all went to sleep and I all went to sleep and I all went to sleep and I put Tiaghino to sleep.  Now I'm going to finish put Tiaghino to sleep.  Now I'm going to finish put Tiaghino to sleep.  Now I'm going to finish watching it, then I'm going to collapse too because it's really watching it, then I'm going to collapse too because it's really watching it, then I'm going to collapse too because it's really late and I'm incredibly sleepy. late and I'm incredibly sleepy. late and I'm incredibly sleepy. I have to finish watching it.  I mean, do you realize I have to finish watching it.  I mean, do you realize what you're eating now? what you're eating now? what you're eating now? A biscuit. A biscuit. A biscuit. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning dear. Good morning dear. Good morning dear. Let's go outside.  However, the only smart ones Let's go outside.  However, the only smart ones Let's go outside.  However, the only smart ones are the young and the old, the are the young and the old, the are the young and the old, the middle-aged ones.  I didn't understand middle-aged ones.  I didn't understand middle-aged ones.  I didn't understand why not.  We are the only ones.  Give me a why not.  We are the only ones.  Give me a why not.  We are the only ones.  Give me a kiss. kiss. kiss. It's a chicken. It's a chicken. It's a chicken. The rooster clucks and The rooster clucks and The rooster clucks and clucks.  But clucks.  But clucks.  But why?  But why [snorting] are why?  But why [snorting] are why?  But why [snorting] are the galls crowing now and we the galls crowing now and we the galls crowing now and we woke up galls?  Yes. But woke up galls?  Yes. But woke up galls?  Yes. But where is it?   Hate where is it?   Hate where is it?   Hate .  Honey, we were talking about you. .  Honey, we were talking about you. .  Honey, we were talking about you. Cool, Cool, Cool, were you good?  Hi love, here you are. were you good?  Hi love, here you are. were you good?  Hi love, here you are. Where were you?  Where were you?  [laughter] Where were you?   Where were Where were you?  Where were you?  [laughter] Where were you?   Where were Where were you?  Where were you?  [laughter] Where were you?   Where were you?  Where were you?  Where were you? you?  Where were you?  Where were you? you?  Where were you?  Where were you? Jumped on me to wake me up.   Did Jumped on me to wake me up.   Did Jumped on me to wake me up.   Did you wake up?  [laughter] you wake up?  [laughter] you wake up?  [laughter] Ah, Ah, Ah, there you go. there you go. there you go. Don't punch him, though. Don't punch him, though. Don't punch him, though. Good morning.  [scream] Good morning.  [scream] Good morning.  [scream] Hello love.   I Hello love.   I Hello love.   I 'm coming down for breakfast.  Dad.  Hey, are 'm coming down for breakfast.  Dad.  Hey, are 'm coming down for breakfast.  Dad.  Hey, are you moving? you moving? you moving? Oh, what a drag!  But I'm going to have Oh, what a drag!  But I'm going to have Oh, what a drag!  But I'm going to have breakfast.  By the way, my grandmother made me breakfast.  By the way, my grandmother made me breakfast.  By the way, my grandmother made me hot tea about half an hour ago, hot tea about half an hour ago, hot tea about half an hour ago, but I forgot to come downstairs, but I forgot to come downstairs, but I forgot to come downstairs, so I think it's probably cold now so I think it's probably cold now so I think it's probably cold now and she'll be mad at me.  Plum cake and she'll be mad at me.  Plum cake and she'll be mad at me.  Plum cake with hot tea for the boys.  Thiago is with hot tea for the boys.  Thiago is with hot tea for the boys.  Thiago is playing with a paddle.  I don't know what playing with a paddle.  I don't know what playing with a paddle.  I don't know what your nephew is doing. your nephew is doing. your nephew is doing. Mom, little Mom, little Mom, little space.  [laughter] space.  [laughter] space.  [laughter] Check it out, guys.  One, Check it out, guys.  One, Check it out, guys.  One, 2, 3, go! 2, 3, go! 2, 3, go! Let's put this on Thiago so we can go in. No, No, No, come on dad.  Oh, come on dad.  Oh, come on dad.  Oh, I inflate that.  Come on, popes, please. I inflate that.  Come on, popes, please. I inflate that.  Come on, popes, please. You have to pump everyone up.  Go, go You have to pump everyone up.  Go, go You have to pump everyone up.  Go, go to me too. to me too. to me too. But how many things are you filming? But how many things are you filming? But how many things are you filming? Big Brother. Go grandpa. Go grandpa. Go grandpa. No, I don't [laughter] [ __ ] No, I don't [laughter] [ __ ] No, I don't [laughter] [ __ ] hour [music] later. hour [music] later. hour [music] later. What did you eat? What did you eat? What did you eat? Little bulls. Little bulls. Little bulls. Tortellini.  Where is Frida?  I closed the Tortellini.  Where is Frida?  I closed the Tortellini.  Where is Frida?  I closed the door because it brought a bit of door because it brought a bit of door because it brought a bit of wind.  Everyone's eating here. wind.  Everyone's eating here. wind.  Everyone's eating here. Pasta with ragù. Pasta with ragù. Pasta with ragù. Tiago and I ate Tiago and I ate Tiago and I ate tortellini instead because we had tortellini instead because we had tortellini instead because we had already eaten the batter yesterday.  I think already eaten the batter yesterday.  I think already eaten the batter yesterday.  I think I'll put Tiaghino to sleep soon because he's I'll put Tiaghino to sleep soon because he's I'll put Tiaghino to sleep soon because he's very very very tired.  This morning I very very very tired.  This morning I very very very tired.  This morning I woke up very early. woke up very early. woke up very early. So, I put Tiaghino to sleep, So, I put Tiaghino to sleep, So, I put Tiaghino to sleep, and I took a bath, but it's a bit and I took a bath, but it's a bit and I took a bath, but it's a bit hot, so it's nice.  Only hot, so it's nice.  Only hot, so it's nice.  Only I'm here in the shade, one because I was I'm here in the shade, one because I was I'm here in the shade, one because I was very hot and two because Thiago is sleeping here very hot and two because Thiago is sleeping here very hot and two because Thiago is sleeping here , so if he wakes up I can hear him.  The , so if he wakes up I can hear him.  The , so if he wakes up I can hear him.  The others are in the pool.  Now I'm others are in the pool.  Now I'm others are in the pool.  Now I'm changing Thiago's swimsuit, come changing Thiago's swimsuit, come changing Thiago's swimsuit, come here. here. here. HI. HI. HI. HI. HI. HI. So, we're having an So, we're having an So, we're having an aperitif.  They made guacamole aperitif.  They made guacamole aperitif.  They made guacamole which is delicious.  You're so in love with which is delicious.  You're so in love with which is delicious.  You're so in love with some pepper lime chips.  So, here some pepper lime chips.  So, here some pepper lime chips.  So, here is the preparation by cutting salami. is the preparation by cutting salami. is the preparation by cutting salami. Instead of here.  So, what is it here Instead of here.  So, what is it here Instead of here.  So, what is it here ? ? ? So these are so first we So these are so first we So these are so first we start beautiful blonde with the aubergines that start beautiful blonde with the aubergines that start beautiful blonde with the aubergines that Londina cut and Francesca fried. Londina cut and Francesca fried. Londina cut and Francesca fried. Then Londina cut the Then Londina cut the Then Londina cut the washed peppers, chopped them and Francesca fried them. washed peppers, chopped them and Francesca fried them. washed peppers, chopped them and Francesca fried them. Londina cut the potatoes and Londina cut the potatoes and Londina cut the potatoes and Francesca fried them.  Londina cut the Francesca fried them.  Londina cut the Francesca fried them.  Londina cut the onions and Francesca Fritto and onions and Francesca Fritto and onions and Francesca Fritto and lastly the tomato.  [laughter] Tomato lastly the tomato.  [laughter] Tomato lastly the tomato.  [laughter] Tomato Dinunzio.  Hurray.  But these are Dinunzio.  Hurray.  But these are Dinunzio.  Hurray.  But these are French fries.   This French fries.   This French fries.   This is a French fry, but it's is a French fry, but it's is a French fry, but it's very hot.  Now we have to blow a very hot.  Now we have to blow a very hot.  Now we have to blow a lot.  It's lot.  It's lot.  It's small.   Okay small.   Okay small.   Okay . . . Anyway, everyone's eating Anyway, everyone's eating Anyway, everyone's eating [laughter] except me because I was very [laughter] except me because I was very [laughter] except me because I was very full from the aperitif. full from the aperitif. full from the aperitif. Then Thiago and I went for a Then Thiago and I went for a Then Thiago and I went for a walk, right? walk, right? walk, right? Where did we go for a walk? Where did we go for a walk? Where did we go for a walk? In the house violet which is very long In the house violet which is very long In the house violet which is very long with all the cypresses.  It was with all the cypresses.  It was with all the cypresses.  It was beautiful.  Now we took a beautiful.  Now we took a beautiful.  Now we took a shower that also washed our hair and that's it shower that also washed our hair and that's it shower that also washed our hair and that's it .  Now let's play .  Now let's play .  Now let's play ball, shall we?  And you also got the ball, shall we?  And you also got the ball, shall we?  And you also got the hiccups during all this.  But how hiccups during all this.  But how hiccups during all this.  But how sweet are these children?   They sweet are these children?   They sweet are these children?   They love each other love each other love each other very much.  How much do you love Frida? very much.  How much do you love Frida? very much.  How much do you love Frida? Very, very much. Very, very much. Very, very much. And how much does Frida love you?   To And how much does Frida love you?   To And how much does Frida love you?   To the moon.   To the moon.   To the moon.   To the moon.  You are beautiful the moon.  You are beautiful the moon.  You are beautiful together, you know that?   My together, you know that?   My together, you know that?   My friends have all abandoned me.  They friends have all abandoned me.  They friends have all abandoned me.  They all went to sleep.  It's midnight. all went to sleep.  It's midnight. all went to sleep.  It's midnight. I'm using my phone as a flashlight I'm using my phone as a flashlight I'm using my phone as a flashlight because it's completely dark outside.  I'm because it's completely dark outside.  I'm because it's completely dark outside.  I'm finishing watching the episode of finishing watching the episode of finishing watching the episode of Temptation.  I'm going to sleep too Temptation.  I'm going to sleep too Temptation.  I'm going to sleep too because tomorrow morning we'll definitely because tomorrow morning we'll definitely because tomorrow morning we'll definitely wake up early and I have wake up early and I have wake up early and I have like a month's worth of sleep to catch up on, I can't take it like a month's worth of sleep to catch up on, I can't take it like a month's worth of sleep to catch up on, I can't take it anymore.  But I have to finish watching it, we'll anymore.  But I have to finish watching it, we'll anymore.  But I have to finish watching it, we'll catch up tomorrow.  It's 7:00 in the catch up tomorrow.  It's 7:00 in the catch up tomorrow.  It's 7:00 in the morning. morning. morning. A mosquito bit you A mosquito bit you A mosquito bit you in the eye.  I don't know why he in the eye.  I don't know why he in the eye.  I don't know why he woke up now, but I'm dying of woke up now, but I'm dying of woke up now, but I'm dying of sleep. sleep. sleep. Let's go to the sea.  Where are we going?   They Let's go to the sea.  Where are we going?   They Let's go to the sea.  Where are we going?   They rimigliano.  I'm going to the beach.   I do rimigliano.  I'm going to the beach.   I do rimigliano.  I'm going to the beach.   I do n't even remember what n't even remember what n't even remember what this beach is called anymore.  I just know that we this beach is called anymore.  I just know that we this beach is called anymore.  I just know that we have to walk a bit through the woods to have to walk a bit through the woods to have to walk a bit through the woods to get there. get there. get there. Life, Life, Life, my love, love, love. my love, love, love. my love, love, love. Hi guys. Hi guys. Hi guys. Guys, Guys, Guys, the sand is rising.  You can't take it anymore.  But you're the sand is rising.  You can't take it anymore.  But you're the sand is rising.  You can't take it anymore.  But you're not even walking. not even walking. not even walking. What a [ __ ]. What a [ __ ]. What a [ __ ]. Holy Mary, Holy Mary, Holy Mary, look at yourself. look at yourself. look at yourself. Oh, how beautiful! Oh, how beautiful! Oh, how beautiful! Oh, the Madonna!  One Oh, the Madonna!  One Oh, the Madonna!  One seems like a mirage to me. seems like a mirage to me. seems like a mirage to me. We've taken a billion baths in the We've taken a billion baths in the We've taken a billion baths in the sea, both with Frida and without, with sea, both with Frida and without, with sea, both with Frida and without, with Thiago, with everyone, and I'm exhausted. Thiago, with everyone, and I'm exhausted. Thiago, with everyone, and I'm exhausted. My hair obviously got wet.  and I will My hair obviously got wet.  and I will My hair obviously got wet.  and I will wash them in the evening.  I think we'll wash them in the evening.  I think we'll wash them in the evening.  I think we'll go back soon for something to eat because he's go back soon for something to eat because he's go back soon for something to eat because he's dead tired.   I'll dead tired.   I'll dead tired.   I'll explain it to you there.  Beautiful and serene.  This used to be explain it to you there.  Beautiful and serene.  This used to be explain it to you there.  Beautiful and serene.  This used to be my towel until my towel until my towel until Frida decided to take Frida decided to take Frida decided to take aim at it.  What are you eating, love? aim at it.  What are you eating, love? aim at it.  What are you eating, love? Hulk Pasta. Hulk Pasta. Hulk Pasta. Hulk pasta.  Well, Hulk pasta.  Well, Hulk pasta.  Well, I'm really in a I'm really in a I'm really in a pitiful state.  We just got home, pitiful state.  We just got home, pitiful state.  We just got home, I'm really tired, I just took a really I'm really tired, I just took a really I'm really tired, I just took a really long shower with Thago, long shower with Thago, long shower with Thago, while my grandparents went to while my grandparents went to while my grandparents went to get the bacon, because my dad get the bacon, because my dad get the bacon, because my dad can make pasta carbonara, so can make pasta carbonara, so can make pasta carbonara, so I'll wait a little before I'll wait a little before I'll wait a little before eating, I mean this hair that I eating, I mean this hair that I eating, I mean this hair that I absolutely have to wash, but since absolutely have to wash, but since absolutely have to wash, but since we're definitely going to the we're definitely going to the we're definitely going to the pool this afternoon, I'll wash it this evening.  There is the shadow. pool this afternoon, I'll wash it this evening.  There is the shadow. pool this afternoon, I'll wash it this evening.  There is the shadow. So, this fat guy with a So, this fat guy with a So, this fat guy with a 17-month-pregnant belly made an 17-month-pregnant belly made an 17-month-pregnant belly made an incredible carbonara with my incredible carbonara with my incredible carbonara with my brother who, for the first time in 4 brother who, for the first time in 4 brother who, for the first time in 4 days, was able to look up days, was able to look up days, was able to look up from his phone.  Assuming this from his phone.  Assuming this from his phone.  Assuming this type of post, she could also go.  I type of post, she could also go.  I type of post, she could also go.  I would say the vote.  I'll give you my vote.  No, would say the vote.  I'll give you my vote.  No, would say the vote.  I'll give you my vote.  No, seven from seven. seven from seven. seven from seven. We gave 6 plus 6 and a half. We gave 6 plus 6 and a half. We gave 6 plus 6 and a half. No, seven I seven. No, seven I seven. No, seven I seven. Oh, even [ __ ]. Oh, even [ __ ]. Oh, even [ __ ]. I ate it. I ate it. I ate it. I ate it.  [laughter] I ate it.  [laughter] I ate it.  [laughter] I ate my grandfather's food.  I ate it the next I ate my grandfather's food.  I ate it the next I ate my grandfather's food.  I ate it the next day at 6:15.  I slept until now day at 6:15.  I slept until now day at 6:15.  I slept until now .  Me and Thiago for about 2 and .  Me and Thiago for about 2 and .  Me and Thiago for about 2 and a half hours, I think.  Now I'm going to take a dip a half hours, I think.  Now I'm going to take a dip a half hours, I think.  Now I'm going to take a dip in the pool. in the pool. in the pool. 2 3 [music] 2 3 [music] 2 3 [music] Well done Well done Well done then. then. then. Oh no, this is the cut. Oh no, this is the cut. Oh no, this is the cut. The men went to get The men went to get The men went to get the meat to make the the meat to make the the meat to make the barbecue. barbecue. barbecue. But as soon as I got But as soon as I got But as soon as I got ugly, I braided my hair. ugly, I braided my hair. ugly, I braided my hair. Obviously I took a Obviously I took a Obviously I took a very long shower very long shower very long shower together with this pest back here, I together with this pest back here, I together with this pest back here, I washed my hair, I made washed my hair, I made washed my hair, I made these braids so tomorrow morning, these braids so tomorrow morning, these braids so tomorrow morning, Madonna, this horrible braid I Madonna, this horrible braid I Madonna, this horrible braid I wake up with wavy hair and my wake up with wavy hair and my wake up with wavy hair and my grandmother has prepared some grandmother has prepared some grandmother has prepared some incredible things that are, I swear, incredible things that are, I swear, incredible things that are, I swear, delicious.  Now I'll show them to you. Guys, one of those Guys, one of those Guys, one of those galbanino fadelfi puff pastry and cooked ham. galbanino fadelfi puff pastry and cooked ham. galbanino fadelfi puff pastry and cooked ham. Guys, these are amazing things, I Guys, these are amazing things, I Guys, these are amazing things, I swear.  I could eat 800 of them. Some swear.  I could eat 800 of them. Some swear.  I could eat 800 of them. Some salami just for you, salami just for you, salami just for you, eh? eh? eh? Get the salami just for you. Get the salami just for you. Get the salami just for you. And you don't eat them, And you don't eat them, And you don't eat them, huh?  After.  Look what a mess we have. huh?  After.  Look what a mess we have. huh?  After.  Look what a mess we have. That is, what do we have? That is, what do we have? That is, what do we have? Yeah, but still, guys, you're Yeah, but still, guys, you're Yeah, but still, guys, you're exaggerating, huh.  [music] exaggerating, huh.  [music] exaggerating, huh.  [music] But we have 800 more meats to eat. But we have 800 more meats to eat. But we have 800 more meats to eat. No, I eat this. No, I eat this. No, I eat this. Giacomo and Thiago are eating Giacomo and Thiago are eating Giacomo and Thiago are eating the hamburger without the bun because why not?   He the hamburger without the bun because why not?   He the hamburger without the bun because why not?   He ate it a little with bread, then ate it a little with bread, then ate it a little with bread, then realized it was falling apart a little and said, realized it was falling apart a little and said, realized it was falling apart a little and said, "Okay, I'll eat the meat."  So, what's "Okay, I'll eat the meat."  So, what's "Okay, I'll eat the meat."  So, what's this Thiago burger like? this Thiago burger like? this Thiago burger like? Good or very good?  Very good, I'm Good or very good?  Very good, I'm Good or very good?  Very good, I'm going to sleep.  It's going to sleep.  It's going to sleep.  It's midnight and I don't remember if I showed you midnight and I don't remember if I showed you midnight and I don't remember if I showed you [laughter] what I [laughter] what I [laughter] what I ate, but I think I did because my ate, but I think I did because my ate, but I think I did because my dad grilled.  I ate the dad grilled.  I ate the dad grilled.  I ate the salamella, actually I have a lot of salamella, actually I have a lot of salamella, actually I have a lot of antipasti, so I didn't eat the antipasti, so I didn't eat the antipasti, so I didn't eat the tagliata, Florentine steak and everything else they tagliata, Florentine steak and everything else they tagliata, Florentine steak and everything else they had cooked.  I'm going to sleep with had cooked.  I'm going to sleep with had cooked.  I'm going to sleep with these braids.   I these braids.   I these braids.   I 'm indecent.  We'll talk tomorrow 'm indecent.  We'll talk tomorrow 'm indecent.  We'll talk tomorrow morning.  Good morning. morning.  Good morning. morning.  Good morning. So, it's 9:30.  He woke up So, it's 9:30.  He woke up So, it's 9:30.  He woke up at 7:30 and nothing, now I'm going to have at 7:30 and nothing, now I'm going to have at 7:30 and nothing, now I'm going to have a quick breakfast, then I'll join them at the a quick breakfast, then I'll join them at the a quick breakfast, then I'll join them at the pool.  Hi, pool.  Hi, pool.  Hi, where are you going? where are you going? where are you going? Look, it goes against the water.  Oh, no. Look, it goes against the water.  Oh, no. Look, it goes against the water.  Oh, no. So, I put on my swimsuit and by the So, I put on my swimsuit and by the So, I put on my swimsuit and by the time I put it on, Thiago had come out time I put it on, Thiago had come out time I put it on, Thiago had come out of the water. Where are you going? Where are you going? Where are you going? By bike. By bike. By bike. Go cycling.   Okay Go cycling.   Okay Go cycling.   Okay , , , we can go to the pool later if you want.  I'm we can go to the pool later if you want.  I'm we can go to the pool later if you want.  I'm copying myself.   I'm copying myself.   I'm copying myself.   I'm copying you.   I need a copying you.   I need a copying you.   I need a great idea.   Does great idea.   Does great idea.   Does going to the going to the going to the pool afterwards sound like a great idea? pool afterwards sound like a great idea? pool afterwards sound like a great idea? What are you doing?  Did a mosquito bite you? What are you doing?  Did a mosquito bite you? What are you doing?  Did a mosquito bite you? No, because I peed myself No, because I peed myself No, because I peed myself . . . What are you saying?  You're kidding, What are you saying?  You're kidding, What are you saying?  You're kidding, right? right? right? Already.  Is Thiago a joke or is it the truth? Already.  Is Thiago a joke or is it the truth? Already.  Is Thiago a joke or is it the truth? It is It is It is the truth. the truth. the truth. Pull up your shirt, let me see.  No, Pull up your shirt, let me see.  No, Pull up your shirt, let me see.  No, you haven't done it yet.  Come on, let's do this you haven't done it yet.  Come on, let's do this you haven't done it yet.  Come on, let's do this quickly.  So, friends, quickly.  So, friends, quickly.  So, friends, it's Luna.  We took a few it's Luna.  We took a few it's Luna.  We took a few dips in the pool.  I'd like to show dips in the pool.  I'd like to show dips in the pool.  I'd like to show Tiagino, but he's dancing around the Tiagino, but he's dancing around the Tiagino, but he's dancing around the house without any clothes on. house without any clothes on. house without any clothes on. Go, take people back. Go, take people back. Go, take people back. Frida, Frida, Frida, where are you going? Ready. Ready. Ready. Tiago, Hulk's pasta is ready. Tiago, Hulk's pasta is ready. Tiago, Hulk's pasta is ready. Oh good right away. Oh good right away. Oh good right away. We ate pasta, ham and We ate pasta, ham and We ate pasta, ham and melon and Thiago Hulk pasta, aka melon and Thiago Hulk pasta, aka melon and Thiago Hulk pasta, aka Hulk.  [laughter] Hulk.  [laughter] Hulk.  [laughter] You're turning into the Hulk. You're turning into the Hulk. You're turning into the Hulk. Look, he's turning into the Hulk.  Look at Look, he's turning into the Hulk.  Look at Look, he's turning into the Hulk.  Look at the party already getting green eat the party already getting green eat the party already getting green eat become become become here.  There are so many flies that I here.  There are so many flies that I here.  There are so many flies that I 'm not living in peace.  The 'm not living in peace.  The 'm not living in peace.  The next fly that comes at me I'll next fly that comes at me I'll next fly that comes at me I'll kick dad.  That is, he told me that kick dad.  That is, he told me that kick dad.  That is, he told me that with the ut they were leaving.  It is not true. with the ut they were leaving.  It is not true. with the ut they were leaving.  It is not true. Hi friends, I got ready, I put on my Hi friends, I got ready, I put on my Hi friends, I got ready, I put on my makeup, I did a get ready makeup, I did a get ready makeup, I did a get ready on TikTok and I just dressed on TikTok and I just dressed on TikTok and I just dressed Thiagoalro too.  What is it, we're Thiagoalro too.  What is it, we're Thiagoalro too.  What is it, we're going out soon. going out soon. going out soon. I have to do my grandmother's hair.  Hi I have to do my grandmother's hair.  Hi I have to do my grandmother's hair.  Hi guys, we're going to dinner at this guys, we're going to dinner at this guys, we're going to dinner at this place.  Where?  Castagneto Carducci place.  Where?  Castagneto Carducci place.  Where?  Castagneto Carducci source of Fuiano source of Fuiano source of Fuiano farmhouse.  We will take you with us.  He's farmhouse.  We will take you with us.  He's farmhouse.  We will take you with us.  He's recording my brother who isn't very recording my brother who isn't very recording my brother who isn't very happy about recording.  He is not happy.   Come on happy about recording.  He is not happy.   Come on happy about recording.  He is not happy.   Come on .  Well. .  Well. .  Well. Where are you Thiago? Where are you Thiago? Where are you Thiago? Traore. Traore. Traore. Wow. Wow. Wow. Oh. Oh. Oh. Tiago is eating pasta.  [crying] You ca n't show this to anyone.   Are n't show this to anyone.   Are n't show this to anyone.   Are you eating?  Okay. you eating?  Okay. you eating?  Okay. With what? With what? With what? A potato stuffed with purple potatoes A potato stuffed with purple potatoes A potato stuffed with purple potatoes and then some cheese, I don't remember. You come. You come. You come. He's hyperactive today.  Would you communicate with He's hyperactive today.  Would you communicate with He's hyperactive today.  Would you communicate with stickers? stickers? stickers? My brother would like to communicate My brother would like to communicate My brother would like to communicate [music] with stickers in [music] with stickers in [music] with stickers in normal life too.  That is, he is talking and normal life too.  That is, he is talking and normal life too.  That is, he is talking and would like to send it on WhatsApp.  I would like to send it on WhatsApp.  I would like to send it on WhatsApp.  I use this TikTok so much. use this TikTok so much. use this TikTok so much. Ah, what kind of person in life would you like to Ah, what kind of person in life would you like to Ah, what kind of person in life would you like to spawn a sticker.  While you're talking, you spawn a sticker.  While you're talking, you spawn a sticker.  While you're talking, you imagine yourself looking for something like the stick. imagine yourself looking for something like the stick. imagine yourself looking for something like the stick. I do it, that is, anyway, limit.   Ah I do it, that is, anyway, limit.   Ah I do it, that is, anyway, limit.   Ah , miid. , miid. , miid. Guys, I'm sleepy, I want to go Guys, I'm sleepy, I want to go Guys, I'm sleepy, I want to go home.   Ninth home.   Ninth home.   Ninth . . . Good morning, I look like a lion.  So, Good morning, I look like a lion.  So, Good morning, I look like a lion.  So, friends, eh, I don't remember where I friends, eh, I don't remember where I friends, eh, I don't remember where I left you in the evening, honestly. left you in the evening, honestly. left you in the evening, honestly. When we got home it was When we got home it was When we got home it was very late, that is, for Thiago it was very very late, that is, for Thiago it was very very late, that is, for Thiago it was very late.  That is, it means 11:30. late.  That is, it means 11:30. late.  That is, it means 11:30. Look who's arrived, Look who's arrived, Look who's arrived, look who's arrived. Bye my love. Bye my love. Bye my love. In the morning, he didn't wake up at 7:00, In the morning, he didn't wake up at 7:00, In the morning, he didn't wake up at 7:00, but woke up at 8:30.  It's a great but woke up at 8:30.  It's a great but woke up at 8:30.  It's a great achievement, even though I fell achievement, even though I fell achievement, even though I fell asleep at 2:00.  Oh, how sleepy! asleep at 2:00.  Oh, how sleepy! asleep at 2:00.  Oh, how sleepy! Actually, nothing, now I'm going to do two Actually, nothing, now I'm going to do two Actually, nothing, now I'm going to do two things I have to do on the computer.  Tio, I'll things I have to do on the computer.  Tio, I'll things I have to do on the computer.  Tio, I'll make him watch a couple of cartoons and then we'll either make him watch a couple of cartoons and then we'll either make him watch a couple of cartoons and then we'll either go to the beach or go to the pool. go to the beach or go to the pool. go to the beach or go to the pool. So, we had breakfast, I don't think we're So, we had breakfast, I don't think we're So, we had breakfast, I don't think we're going to the beach.  We'll stay by the going to the beach.  We'll stay by the going to the beach.  We'll stay by the pool, then maybe we'll go to the beach pool, then maybe we'll go to the beach pool, then maybe we'll go to the beach this afternoon.  Good morning. this afternoon.  Good morning. this afternoon.  Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. At last.  We've all been awake for 2 At last.  We've all been awake for 2 At last.  We've all been awake for 2 hours.  You know it?  You're woken up at 8:00 am, that hours.  You know it?  You're woken up at 8:00 am, that hours.  You know it?  You're woken up at 8:00 am, that 's not my problem. 's not my problem. 's not my problem. And why didn't you wake up? And why didn't you wake up? And why didn't you wake up? I can sleep at least until 10. I can sleep at least until 10. I can sleep at least until 10. What time did you fall asleep? What time did you fall asleep? What time did you fall asleep? Moon. Moon. Moon. I fell asleep later than you, I fell asleep later than you, I fell asleep later than you, yet I woke up before you. yet I woke up before you. yet I woke up before you. Ah, that's not good, sleep like that.   I Ah, that's not good, sleep like that.   I Ah, that's not good, sleep like that.   I decided to wake up at 8:00. decided to wake up at 8:00. decided to wake up at 8:00. They are costumes and now let's go.  By the They are costumes and now let's go.  By the They are costumes and now let's go.  By the way, I'm getting nervous because I've been way, I'm getting nervous because I've been way, I'm getting nervous because I've been trying to set up trying to set up trying to set up a 96% TikTok since last night and I don't know how to a 96% TikTok since last night and I don't know how to a 96% TikTok since last night and I don't know how to delete it, I mean, it won't let you delete it delete it, I mean, it won't let you delete it delete it, I mean, it won't let you delete it or post it, so it's a bit of a hassle or post it, so it's a bit of a hassle or post it, so it's a bit of a hassle honestly.  Tiago is cold.  Liar.  We took a is cold.  Liar.  We took a is cold.  Liar.  We took a dip in the pool.  It's dip in the pool.  It's dip in the pool.  It's 12:15 now and we should have lunch.  We're 12:15 now and we should have lunch.  We're 12:15 now and we should have lunch.  We're leaving tomorrow.  So this is leaving tomorrow.  So this is leaving tomorrow.  So this is actually our last day. actually our last day. actually our last day. By the way, my dad said there were some By the way, my dad said there were some By the way, my dad said there were some problems with problems with problems with this house, but I'll explain them to you this house, but I'll explain them to you this house, but I'll explain them to you better later.  Now let's have an aperitif better later.  Now let's have an aperitif better later.  Now let's have an aperitif and then we'll eat and then we'll eat and then we'll eat all the pasta. Just pasta for us.  Just pasta. Just pasta for us.  Just pasta. Just pasta for us.  Just pasta. So, we need to tell you all the So, we need to tell you all the So, we need to tell you all the things that were wrong with this house, things that were wrong with this house, things that were wrong with this house, so so so then you then you then you won't ask me for the link to this won't ask me for the link to this won't ask me for the link to this Airbnb. Airbnb. Airbnb. The location is beautiful, The location is beautiful, The location is beautiful, the location is beautiful, the house is the location is beautiful, the house is the location is beautiful, the house is wonderful, but wonderful, but wonderful, but beautiful.  But then the fact is that beautiful.  But then the fact is that beautiful.  But then the fact is that they said that each room had a they said that each room had a they said that each room had a fan as there was no air fan as there was no air fan as there was no air conditioning.  There were fans but they didn't conditioning.  There were fans but they didn't conditioning.  There were fans but they didn't work.   They brought them to us work.   They brought them to us work.   They brought them to us unassembled. unassembled. unassembled. We had to assemble them ourselves on vacation, which We had to assemble them ourselves on vacation, which We had to assemble them ourselves on vacation, which is not something you should do. is not something you should do. is not something you should do. Then she even found Then she even found Then she even found rotten water in the kettle.  Then rotten water in the kettle.  Then rotten water in the kettle.  Then my bidet was broken, so every time my bidet was broken, so every time my bidet was broken, so every time you opened it the bathroom would flood. you opened it the bathroom would flood. you opened it the bathroom would flood. What is the pool?  Okay, the grill guys What is the pool?  Okay, the grill guys What is the pool?  Okay, the grill guys , the grill is not done, , the grill is not done, , the grill is not done, guys.  SPCH.  It's a very nice house, guys.  SPCH.  It's a very nice house, guys.  SPCH.  It's a very nice house, so it has a certain cost, a certain so it has a certain cost, a certain so it has a certain cost, a certain price.  The grill was greasy, dirty, and price.  The grill was greasy, dirty, and price.  The grill was greasy, dirty, and dirty.  Well, then the pool, the dirty.  Well, then the pool, the dirty.  Well, then the pool, the pool when we arrived, wasn't pool when we arrived, wasn't pool when we arrived, wasn't very clear because obviously very clear because obviously very clear because obviously they hadn't put any salt in it, they hadn't put any they hadn't put any salt in it, they hadn't put any they hadn't put any salt in it, they hadn't put any chlorine in it, chlorine in it, chlorine in it, and so they had to do maintenance and so they had to do maintenance and so they had to do maintenance while we were here. while we were here. while we were here. Eh, you don't do it, you don't do it, the whole Eh, you don't do it, you don't do it, the whole Eh, you don't do it, you don't do it, the whole part of the cutlery, part of the cutlery, part of the cutlery, the things, very clean, it the things, very clean, it the things, very clean, it wasn't very clean.  I like it because wasn't very clean.  I like it because wasn't very clean.  I like it because the house is very beautiful, the house is very beautiful, the house is very beautiful, but in a house like that but in a house like that but in a house like that one person can't manage the cleaning one person can't manage the cleaning one person can't manage the cleaning and so and so and so basically I don't see basically I don't see basically I don't see from that point of view, right?  The post is from that point of view, right?  The post is from that point of view, right?  The post is really wonderful because as you can see it is really wonderful because as you can see it is really wonderful because as you can see it is beautiful, there are two apartments, beautiful, there are two apartments, beautiful, there are two apartments, but it needs to be maintained much much but it needs to be maintained much much but it needs to be maintained much much better, so we are sorry to tell you how better, so we are sorry to tell you how better, so we are sorry to tell you how beautiful the location is, but maybe the guys. beautiful the location is, but maybe the guys. beautiful the location is, but maybe the guys. So, here we are still eating So, here we are still eating So, here we are still eating pasta sauce.  I can't take it anymore.  No, pasta sauce.  I can't take it anymore.  No, pasta sauce.  I can't take it anymore.  No, I swear, I ate, we ate like I swear, I ate, we ate like I swear, I ate, we ate like five times, move on to the sauce. five times, move on to the sauce. five times, move on to the sauce. Exact.  I ate Yes, I understood. Exact.  I ate Yes, I understood. Exact.  I ate Yes, I understood. Yesterday I ate Passa al sugo, the day before Yesterday I ate Passa al sugo, the day before Yesterday I ate Passa al sugo, the day before yesterday Passa al sugo, [laughter] the day before yesterday yesterday Passa al sugo, [laughter] the day before yesterday yesterday Passa al sugo, [laughter] the day before yesterday Passa al taglio di pasta.   Just Passa al taglio di pasta.   Just Passa al taglio di pasta.   Just eat that. eat that. eat that. We're Italian, it We're Italian, it We're Italian, it 's not true, but I eat a lot of 's not true, but I eat a lot of 's not true, but I eat a lot of things.  And you only prepare this. things.  And you only prepare this. things.  And you only prepare this. Why didn't you prepare? Why didn't you prepare? Why didn't you prepare? Oh, Oh, Oh, beautiful.  But I eat I love pasta. beautiful.  But I eat I love pasta. beautiful.  But I eat I love pasta. I would eat pasta every day. I would eat pasta every day. I would eat pasta every day. In fact, I'm eating pasta every In fact, I'm eating pasta every In fact, I'm eating pasta every day. day. day. Savory pie.  We want the savory pie Savory pie.  We want the savory pie Savory pie.  We want the savory pie of the savory pie of the spinach soy. of the savory pie of the spinach soy. of the savory pie of the spinach soy. But then but then you made the really good one. But then but then you made the really good one. But then but then you made the really good one. Meat cut potatoes. Meat cut potatoes. Meat cut potatoes. Many years ago.   I Many years ago.   I don't need my specialties. don't need my specialties. don't need my specialties. Eh, since you were looking I saw Eh, since you were looking I saw Eh, since you were looking I saw you were looking it's good, it you were looking it's good, it you were looking it's good, it 's not good. 's not good. 's not good. So, here guys we're playing So, here guys we're playing So, here guys we're playing scala 40. These are my cards.  Oh, scala 40. These are my cards.  Oh, scala 40. These are my cards.  Oh, can we connect live? can we connect live? can we connect live? Come on, but a two.  But what kind of paper is it? Come on, but a two.  But what kind of paper is it? Come on, but a two.  But what kind of paper is it? These are discarded. These are discarded. These are discarded. In your opinion In your opinion In your opinion [music] ca [music] ca [music] ca n't you get off early.  But what's the point of going n't you get off early.  But what's the point of going n't you get off early.  But what's the point of going down for now? Then Then Then the two were essential [music] the two were essential [music] the two were essential [music] to take with scenes.  Play. Come on, [music] [music] sorry, dat.  So friends, I [music] sorry, dat.  So friends, I [music] sorry, dat.  So friends, I 've taken yet another swim, I mean, I'm no 've taken yet another swim, I mean, I'm no 've taken yet another swim, I mean, I'm no longer really counting how many I longer really counting how many I longer really counting how many I 've taken.  Now I'm soaking wet 've taken.  Now I'm soaking wet 've taken.  Now I'm soaking wet and in fact I need to dry myself and in fact I need to dry myself and in fact I need to dry myself at least a little bit before I go out, I'm going to at least a little bit before I go out, I'm going to at least a little bit before I go out, I'm going to buy Thiago some hamburgers buy Thiago some hamburgers buy Thiago some hamburgers because tonight we're making him because tonight we're making him because tonight we're making him hamburgers, so he'll be happy while we hamburgers, so he'll be happy while we hamburgers, so he'll be happy while we eat the rest of the barbecue eat the rest of the barbecue eat the rest of the barbecue we had left over from last time.  I have to we had left over from last time.  I have to we had left over from last time.  I have to change.  So, here we are change.  So, here we are change.  So, here we are continuing the grid for the second continuing the grid for the second continuing the grid for the second time.  And where are my sausages? time.  And where are my sausages? time.  And where are my sausages? There.  Why aren't you cooking them?  You have some There.  Why aren't you cooking them?  You have some There.  Why aren't you cooking them?  You have some shipments. shipments. shipments. No, actually I'm ribs. No, actually I'm ribs. No, actually I'm ribs. Hey, I'm here. Hey, I'm here. Hey, I'm here. And the salt after the salt. And the salt after the salt. And the salt after the salt. No, they've already made the burger. No, they've already made the burger. No, they've already made the burger. Now I'll show you what the hamburger looks like. Now I'll show you what the hamburger looks like. Now I'll show you what the hamburger looks like. Health.  Well, Health.  Well, Health.  Well, I guess.  Very good.  I took it, We I guess.  Very good.  I took it, We I guess.  Very good.  I took it, We also took the French fries.  I'm here also took the French fries.  I'm here also took the French fries.  I'm here .   She .   She .   She made him French fries. made him French fries. made him French fries. So, I'm eating the third So, I'm eating the third So, I'm eating the third rib. rib. rib. Sorry guys, but they eat with their Sorry guys, but they eat with their Sorry guys, but they eat with their hands for me.  Now I'm waiting for the hands for me.  Now I'm waiting for the hands for me.  Now I'm waiting for the sausage, but I don't want the skewers, sausage, but I don't want the skewers, sausage, but I don't want the skewers, I just want this and sausage.  You hear I just want this and sausage.  You hear I just want this and sausage.  You hear my father's insults starting in three my father's insults starting in three my father's insults starting in three 2 1 It was 2 1 It was 2 1 It was not said that you wanted the shipments. not said that you wanted the shipments. not said that you wanted the shipments. Eh, but I don't want them. Eh, but I don't want them. Eh, but I don't want them. Let's go shopping. Let's go shopping. Let's go shopping. But then I didn't ask you for them. But then I didn't ask you for them. But then I didn't ask you for them. We were going shopping.  So We were going shopping.  So We were going shopping.  So why did Dad take them?   I'll take the why did Dad take them?   I'll take the why did Dad take them?   I'll take the skewers.  But who skewers.  But who skewers.  But who eats them?  Did your dad take them?  HI. eats them?  Did your dad take them?  HI. eats them?  Did your dad take them?  HI. But that's not true.  Good morning.   I But that's not true.  Good morning.   I But that's not true.  Good morning.   I forgot to say forgot to say forgot to say goodnight yesterday.  I'm up until 2:00 in the morning goodnight yesterday.  I'm up until 2:00 in the morning goodnight yesterday.  I'm up until 2:00 in the morning drying my hair, drying my hair, drying my hair, that is, washing and drying my hair which that is, washing and drying my hair which that is, washing and drying my hair which is now like this because I didn't have the is now like this because I didn't have the is now like this because I didn't have the courage to straighten it.  Now we're having courage to straighten it.  Now we're having courage to straighten it.  Now we're having breakfast with breakfast with breakfast with And then after, do you know where we're going back?  Let's go back And then after, do you know where we're going back?  Let's go back And then after, do you know where we're going back?  Let's go back to Cadoraggo. to Cadoraggo. to Cadoraggo. In Cadorago. In Cadorago. In Cadorago. But then I want to go to the But then I want to go to the But then I want to go to the swimming pool. swimming pool. swimming pool. Eh, I know. Eh, I know. Eh, I know. Let's see if we can get one last Let's see if we can get one last Let's see if we can get one last dip before heading back to Cadorago dip before heading back to Cadorago dip before heading back to Cadorago in 8,000°C temperatures.  Tell me, my love.  I'm in 8,000°C temperatures.  Tell me, my love.  I'm in 8,000°C temperatures.  Tell me, my love.  I'm hiding a penny from Gii. hiding a penny from Gii. hiding a penny from Gii. You're hiding a penny from Gii with You're hiding a penny from Gii with You're hiding a penny from Gii with the fan pointed at 8,000° 1000°. the fan pointed at 8,000° 1000°. the fan pointed at 8,000° 1000°. I managed to get my hair out.   Here I am I managed to get my hair out.   Here I am I managed to get my hair out.   Here I am .  I did it .  I did it .  I did it and we're leaving soon to go back. and we're leaving soon to go back. and we're leaving soon to go back. Do you want to go for one last swim or do Do you want to go for one last swim or do Do you want to go for one last swim or do you want to leave right away? you want to leave right away? you want to leave right away? Eh, I want to leave right away. Eh, I want to leave right away. Eh, I want to leave right away. Do you want to leave right away? Do you want to leave right away? Do you want to leave right away? Yes. That's Yes. That's Yes. That's fine. fine. fine. Please, we'll Please, we'll Please, we'll update later.  We are officially update later.  We are officially update later.  We are officially leaving.  We've already put all our leaving.  We've already put all our leaving.  We've already put all our luggage away.  I, this hair, guys, is luggage away.  I, this hair, guys, is luggage away.  I, this hair, guys, is unworthy because it's so hot that unworthy because it's so hot that unworthy because it's so hot that all the luggage is there. all the luggage is there. all the luggage is there. Okay, guys, nothing, my video Okay, guys, nothing, my video Okay, guys, nothing, my video ends here because our vacation ends here because our vacation ends here because our vacation ends right now. ends right now. ends right now. Now let's go.  Say hello to grandma.  Hello Now let's go.  Say hello to grandma.  Hello Now let's go.  Say hello to grandma.  Hello everyone.   Say everyone.   Say everyone.   Say hello.  Hello hello.  Hello hello.  Hello grandpa. grandpa. grandpa. Hi everyone.  Bye Hi everyone.  Bye Hi everyone.  Bye bye bye bye co, co, co, bye.