Baba, the envelope looks good, friend. Baba, the envelope looks good, friend. Baba, the envelope looks good, friend. What are you putting in the bag about the envelope? What are you putting in the bag about the envelope? What are you putting in the bag about the envelope? Envelope Envelope Envelope Brother, whether the girl's first kitchen is done or not, it is Brother, whether the girl's first kitchen is done or not, it is Brother, whether the girl's first kitchen is done or not, it is Papa's.  [laughter] Papa's.  [laughter] Papa's.  [laughter] I'll be married soon. Wow, he's got something going on. Bring the black one Bring the black one Bring the black one too, no, no, you are tightening the nut, give me medicine for its tightening the nut, give me medicine for its tightening the nut, give me medicine for its cold, give me cold, give me cold, give me medicine, give me medicine [laughs] I know it is right, you are agree, do a proper prostration at both the feet I will touch it myself, tell me about your I will touch it myself, tell me about your I will touch it myself, tell me about your husband [laughs] about your husband, I am husband, I am husband, I am not married yet [laughs] come on come on now Kivi has said come on what are you saying now Kivi has said come on what are you saying now Kivi has said come on what are you saying Kiwi what are you saying Kivi make me feel Kiwi what are you saying Kivi make me feel Kiwi what are you saying Kivi make me feel great, make me great, make me great, make me feel great, feel great, feel great, oh Kivi said something very good oh Kivi said something very good oh Kivi said something very good what are you saying Kivi what are you saying Kivi what are you saying Kivi feel everyone, you said make feel everyone, you said make feel everyone, you said make everyone feel everyone feel everyone feel Kiwi, you will get married soon. Kiwi, you will get married soon. Kiwi, you will get married soon. Yes.  [laughter] Yes.  [laughter] Yes.  [laughter] This girl will do it with this girl.   It will happen This girl will do it with this girl.   It will happen This girl will do it with this girl.   It will happen with the girl.   So you with the girl.   So you with the girl.   So you won't do it? won't do it? won't do it? What?  [laughter] What?  [laughter] What?  [laughter] What's its name? What's its name? What's its name? Today there is a short clip. Today there is a short clip. Today there is a short clip. What is his name? What is his name? What is his name? This is beautiful. This is beautiful. This is beautiful. Gandhi Gandhi Gandhi Gandhi [laughs] and I am beautiful. and I am beautiful. and I am beautiful. No. No. No. Today Vihaan made a fortune. Today Vihaan made a fortune. Today Vihaan made a fortune. Well, now I am not in the mood for marriage. Well, now I am not in the mood for marriage. Well, now I am not in the mood for marriage. [laughs] You wo n't get it, you wo n't get it, you wo n't get it, you wo n't get it [laughs] n't get it [laughs] n't get it [laughs] You won't get food, you You won't get food, you You won't get food, you need food [laughs] He was need food [laughs] He was need food [laughs] He was teaching me wrong things, that's why I stopped eating. Do you teaching me wrong things, that's why I stopped eating. Do you teaching me wrong things, that's why I stopped eating. Do you know what happened on the wedding day, know what happened on the wedding day, know what happened on the wedding day, I came all ready, I I came all ready, I I came all ready, I opened the gate and left it. When I saw you looking so dirty, opened the gate and left it. When I saw you looking so dirty, opened the gate and left it. When I saw you looking so dirty, I got scared. I got scared. I got scared. I was joking [laughs] Is I was joking [laughs] Is I was joking [laughs] Is she looking good or dirty?   Is it the she looking good or dirty?   Is it the she looking good or dirty?   Is it the same thing brother, that girl will not change, out of all these, same thing brother, that girl will not change, out of all these, same thing brother, that girl will not change, out of all these, who looks good among who looks good among who looks good among all these ladies, yours [laughs] [laughs] take it [laughs] take it [laughs] take it and ask them, and ask them, and ask them, now there are two dirty ladies, then it is a pair, okay now there are two dirty ladies, then it is a pair, okay now there are two dirty ladies, then it is a pair, okay okay, tell her like this once, hey, get okay, tell her like this once, hey, get okay, tell her like this once, hey, get married to your younger brother, get married to your younger brother, get married to your younger brother, get married married married [laughs] okay then do it okay okay okay my clip got cut my clip got cut my clip got cut [laughter] here you go, you will get beaten [laughter] here you go, you will get beaten every day, you will get beaten every day, you will get beaten every day, you will get beaten [laughter] she said [laughter] she said [laughter] she said dirty things to me, she dirty things to me, she dirty things to me, she said dirty things to me, you will get beaten [laughs] said dirty things to me, you will get beaten [laughs] said dirty things to me, you will get beaten [laughs] sorry, sorry, after today, sorry, sorry, after today, sorry, sorry, after today, Sitaram Bhojanale's fame [laughs] has reached Sitaram Bhojanale's fame [laughs] has reached Sitaram Bhojanale's fame [laughs] has reached this level.  Earlier, this level.  Earlier, this level.  Earlier, people used to come from 1.5 km away to eat.  These people used to come from 1.5 km away to eat.  These people used to come from 1.5 km away to eat.  These days I spend two to two hours preparing the dish from the range of ₹100 days I spend two to two hours preparing the dish from the range of ₹100 days I spend two to two hours preparing the dish from the range of ₹100 and have been waiting for the last three quarters of an hour for the and have been waiting for the last three quarters of an hour for the and have been waiting for the last three quarters of an hour for the dish prepared by Papa. dish prepared by Papa. dish prepared by Papa. Daddy, what is it that you like about your taste buds Daddy, what is it that you like about your taste buds Daddy, what is it that you like about your taste buds ?  Just look. ?  Just look. ?  Just look. I will tell you after eating it. I will tell you after eating it. I will tell you after eating it. Yesterday I asked Papa randomly.  I said, Yesterday I asked Papa randomly.  I said, Yesterday I asked Papa randomly.  I said, Papa, how are you feeling?  Are people coming from far away Papa, how are you feeling?  Are people coming from far away Papa, how are you feeling?  Are people coming from far away ?  Children are saying that this is God's ?  Children are saying that this is God's ?  Children are saying that this is God's grace.  [laughs] Mom and Dad had a fight about this today. Mom and Dad had a fight about this today. Mom and Dad had a fight about this today. Today Papa made chole with his recipe and Today Papa made chole with his recipe and Today Papa made chole with his recipe and added some of his ingredients.  So mom is saying that added some of his ingredients.  So mom is saying that added some of his ingredients.  So mom is saying that this cannot be put in it.   I did this cannot be put in it.   I did not add cardamom and cloves. not add cardamom and cloves. not add cardamom and cloves. In today's one, I have In today's one, I have In today's one, I have added some items which mom is saying cannot be added. added some items which mom is saying cannot be added. added some items which mom is saying cannot be added. So she is saying, don't teach me. So she is saying, don't teach me. So she is saying, don't teach me. [laughs] I said in your dish, not till today, right [laughs] I said in your dish, not till today, right [laughs] I said in your dish, not till today, right ? ? ? So should we dare to eat or not?   Ca So should we dare to eat or not?   Ca So should we dare to eat or not?   Ca n't eat.  The experiments were good.  The n't eat.  The experiments were good.  The n't eat.  The experiments were good.  The first meals are first meals are first meals are not very good.  Very good.   Did not very good.  Very good.   Did not very good.  Very good.   Did not eat chickpeas.  I said we will not eat chickpeas.  I said we will not eat chickpeas.  I said we will take the risk together.  [laughs] If take the risk together.  [laughs] If take the risk together.  [laughs] If something ever happens to me after eating alone, something ever happens to me after eating alone, something ever happens to me after eating alone, because because because brother, it may or may not have been a girl's first kitchen.   It's done for brother, it may or may not have been a girl's first kitchen.   It's done for brother, it may or may not have been a girl's first kitchen.   It's done for dad.  [laughter] Tell me, I am telling you.  First kitchen mom. Tell me, I am telling you.  First kitchen mom. Tell me, I am telling you.  First kitchen mom. Yes.  [laughter] We haven't had our first girl's kitchen yet. Yes.  [laughter] We haven't had our first girl's kitchen yet. Why are you Why are you Why are you scared poor guy, no no no there is nothing to be scared poor guy, no no no there is nothing to be scared poor guy, no no no there is nothing to be scared of. scared of. scared of. What is there to be afraid of?   There is nothing to What is there to be afraid of?   There is nothing to What is there to be afraid of?   There is nothing to fear. fear. fear. We know. We know. We know. Nothing [laughs] will Nothing [laughs] will Nothing [laughs] will happen like that, friend. happen like that, friend. happen like that, friend. Priya Priya Priya Priya Priya Priya Priya cooks very lovely food. Priya cooks very lovely food. Priya cooks very lovely food. Makes it. Makes it. Makes it. Yes Yes Yes no, it genuinely makes good. no, it genuinely makes good. no, it genuinely makes good. Yes.  She makes it very well.   I Yes.  She makes it very well.   I Yes.  She makes it very well.   I add less spices than my father. add less spices than my father. add less spices than my father. Once you just make it, Once you just make it, Once you just make it, Papa, add some of our spicy spices.  I do Papa, add some of our spicy spices.  I do n't eat spicy food.  Same thing happened yesterday too, you know, there were two n't eat spicy food.  Same thing happened yesterday too, you know, there were two n't eat spicy food.  Same thing happened yesterday too, you know, there were two types of kidney beans yesterday.  First Papa got his types of kidney beans yesterday.  First Papa got his types of kidney beans yesterday.  First Papa got his test done then Mummy told her Papa [laughs] test done then Mummy told her Papa [laughs] test done then Mummy told her Papa [laughs] Mummy said Papa has passed. Mummy said Papa has passed. Mummy said Papa has passed. Both of them passed.  [laughter] Both of them passed.  [laughter] Both of them passed.  [laughter] Now she's sitting on the opposite side of Mommy's hand.   I ca Now she's sitting on the opposite side of Mommy's hand.   I ca Now she's sitting on the opposite side of Mommy's hand.   I ca n't say it, mom, she has become my sister.  [laughter] I did it. Well, the Well, the Well, the normal spice guys were doing it.  You will have to do both. normal spice guys were doing it.  You will have to do both. normal spice guys were doing it.  You will have to do both. No, dad, [laughs] No, dad, [laughs] No, dad, [laughs] mom's is also very good. mom's is also very good. mom's is also very good. Jasleen did this to show that Jasleen did this to show that Jasleen did this to show that more questions were asked about mother.  Mom, please give me yours. more questions were asked about mother.  Mom, please give me yours. more questions were asked about mother.  Mom, please give me yours. You also had retakes.  Mummy's?   I had You also had retakes.  Mummy's?   I had You also had retakes.  Mummy's?   I had bought Papa's.  Mummy's tight.  You bought Papa's.  Mummy's tight.  You bought Papa's.  Mummy's tight.  You asked which ones mom had made. asked which ones mom had made. asked which ones mom had made. Look, this is my toy.  From today Look, this is my toy.  From today Look, this is my toy.  From today I have given this toy to this girl.  Take I have given this toy to this girl.  Take I have given this toy to this girl.  Take care of my toy.  Don't leave it hungry, care of my toy.  Don't leave it hungry, care of my toy.  Don't leave it hungry, don't leave it alone. don't leave it alone. don't leave it alone. Ok.  I would leave it.   I Ok.  I would leave it.   I Ok.  I would leave it.   I will leave it.  [laughter] will leave it.  [laughter] will leave it.  [laughter] Will I leave it?   It Will I leave it?   It gives the opposite. gives the opposite. gives the opposite. Tell me how soon will we both get married? Tell me how soon will we both get married? Tell me how soon will we both get married? Hey, just one question. Hey, just one question. Hey, just one question. Look what she is saying about both of us.  Please Look what she is saying about both of us.  Please Look what she is saying about both of us.  Please scold him once.  Why are you not getting married scold him once.  Why are you not getting married scold him once.  Why are you not getting married ?  Just ask.   I am ?  Just ask.   I am ?  Just ask.   I am sorry, I will do it sorry, I will do it sorry, I will do it tomorrow. tomorrow. tomorrow. What is it waiting for?   Of What is it waiting for?   Of What is it waiting for?   Of Kiwi growing up. Kiwi growing up. Kiwi growing up. Ask me what [laughs] thing are you waiting for brother? Ask me what [laughs] thing are you waiting for brother? Ask me what [laughs] thing are you waiting for brother? Wait for what? Wait for what? Wait for what? Write down the weight. Write down the weight. Write down the weight. Write the date.  Write the date.   I will Write the date.  Write the date.   I will Write the date.  Write the date.   I will write down the date.  What date should I write? write down the date.  What date should I write? write down the date.  What date should I write? When is your birthday?   Of When is your birthday?   Of When is your birthday?   Of Sunday.   Of Sunday.   Of Sunday.   Of Sunday. Sunday. Sunday. Sunday is coming [laughs]. Sunday is coming [laughs]. Sunday is coming [laughs]. Tension. Tension. Tension. Tangent.   It Tangent.   It Tangent.   It comes right.  I will do it only then.  Tension.  Okay, fine comes right.  I will do it only then.  Tension.  Okay, fine comes right.  I will do it only then.  Tension.  Okay, fine brother. brother. brother. Ok. Ok. Ok. What day does it come? What day does it come? What day does it come? What day does yours come? What day does yours come? What day does yours come? Mine is April 17th. Mine is April 17th. Mine is April 17th. Okay, you asked me.  [laughs] First, tell me, will you take care of the toy I gave you? First, tell me, will you take care of the toy I gave you? When does Goku come?   Come When does Goku come?   Come When does Goku come?   Come quickly.  Papa, you also come. quickly.  Papa, you also come. quickly.  Papa, you also come. Today uncle will taste the chole made by father. Today uncle will taste the chole made by father. Today uncle will taste the chole made by father. Put the chole first, friend.  Papa is waiting.   Let me Put the chole first, friend.  Papa is waiting.   Let me add the chickpeas. Come on, brother. Come on, brother. Come on, brother. Papa, you also sit with me.  Uncle will Papa, you also sit with me.  Uncle will Papa, you also sit with me.  Uncle will take the risk alone. take the risk alone. take the risk alone. No, they are tasty ones.   It's No, they are tasty ones.   It's No, they are tasty ones.   It's great.   I have already great.   I have already great.   I have already told you the face.   It's told you the face.   It's told you the face.   It's great. great. great. Kiwi, will you eat these chole? Kiwi, will you eat these chole? Kiwi, will you eat these chole? My dad made these. My dad made these. My dad made these. Hey, just tell me how it is made.  [laughs] Hey, just tell me how it is made.  [laughs] Hey, just tell me how it is made.  [laughs] No, no, they're well made.  Excellent.   They are No, no, they're well made.  Excellent.   They are No, no, they're well made.  Excellent.   They are well made.  They are well made.  Brother, I will well made.  They are well made.  Brother, I will well made.  They are well made.  Brother, I will also serve Papa's plate.  Yes, also serve Papa's plate.  Yes, also serve Papa's plate.  Yes, who will lick it?   Please who will lick it?   Please who will lick it?   Please give one spoon to uncle also. give one spoon to uncle also. give one spoon to uncle also. Come try Papa's Chole once.   Come. Come try Papa's Chole once.   Come. Come try Papa's Chole once.   Come. Hum Aapki Last Wala Episode. Hum Aapki Last Wala Episode. Hum Aapki Last Wala Episode. Hey, I will not make a corpse in this. Hey, I will not make a corpse in this. Hey, I will not make a corpse in this. Hey man, you guys are playing my CID Hey man, you guys are playing my CID Hey man, you guys are playing my CID episode.   I have episode.   I have episode.   I have applied it.  Where is it in this? applied it.  Where is it in this? applied it.  Where is it in this? Hey [laughter] Hey [laughter] Hey [laughter] come come come.   Let come come come.   Let come come come.   Let me show you.  Come sit. me show you.  Come sit. me show you.  Come sit. Great. Great. Great. Excellent.   It's a Excellent.   It's a Excellent.   It's a matter of honesty. matter of honesty. matter of honesty. Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. How did you make it? How did you make it? How did you make it? Sure Uncle. Sure Uncle. Sure Uncle. Uncle is already eating. Uncle is already eating. Uncle is already eating. I am already eating. I am already eating. I am already eating. Uncle is just eating chole. Uncle is just eating chole. Uncle is just eating chole. Eating chickpeas.  Eating chickpeas. Eating chickpeas.  Eating chickpeas. Eating chickpeas.  Eating chickpeas. Look at it brother.  My father doesn't just show it like that. Look at it brother.  My father doesn't just show it like that. Look at it brother.  My father doesn't just show it like that. Papa's taste is very strong. Papa's taste is very strong. Papa's taste is very strong. Now we are calling people from outside and Now we are calling people from outside and Now we are calling people from outside and giving you proof. giving you proof. giving you proof. Brother, did you really like brother-in-law? Brother, did you really like brother-in-law? Brother, did you really like brother-in-law? Yes.  Right now this is the first brother. Yes.  Right now this is the first brother. Yes.  Right now this is the first brother. No, I would have told you about the test in advance No, I would have told you about the test in advance No, I would have told you about the test in advance brother.   The one brother.   The one brother.   The one that that that is served with chole kulcha, is served with chole kulcha, is served with chole kulcha, yes, they are served like that with peas, I don't know what they yes, they are served like that with peas, I don't know what they yes, they are served like that with peas, I don't know what they call it. call it. call it. Looks great.   Isn't it Looks great.   Isn't it Looks great.   Isn't it great?   They are great?   They are great?   They are good. good. good. Shaur Papa, this recipe of yours too. Shaur Papa, this recipe of yours too. Shaur Papa, this recipe of yours too. Today, Papa and Mummy had a real Today, Papa and Mummy had a real Today, Papa and Mummy had a real fight. fight. fight. Tea leaf water is added to it. Tea leaf water is added to it. Tea leaf water is added to it. Boil tea leaves in water for colour.  That's a different Boil tea leaves in water for colour.  That's a different Boil tea leaves in water for colour.  That's a different recipe.  Mom never used it.  There would be a recipe.  Mom never used it.  There would be a recipe.  Mom never used it.  There would be a fight between mom and dad that friend fight between mom and dad that friend fight between mom and dad that friend what are you putting in this, dad would say what are you putting in this, dad would say what are you putting in this, dad would say stop the tune I am cooking it, what do you want, what do you want stop the tune I am cooking it, what do you want, what do you want stop the tune I am cooking it, what do you want, what do you want kiwi, what are you getting put kiwi, what are you getting put kiwi, what are you getting put in the bag in the bag in the bag dad [laughs] dad [laughs] dad [laughs] put it in my bag, put it in my bag, put it in my bag, bring it, I will keep it or bring it, I will keep it or bring it, I will keep it or not, there is no sharing in this, there is not, there is no sharing in this, there is not, there is no sharing in this, there is trust, it is trust, it is trust, it is yours only, trust is the most in yours only, trust is the most in kiwi, do one thing listen you trust me, right, kiwi, do one thing listen you trust me, right, kiwi, do one thing listen you trust me, right, you can give me your envelope, no no, I you can give me your envelope, no no, I you can give me your envelope, no no, I refused myself, refused myself, refused myself, kiwi, ok check it, sit down Bhabhi, kiwi, ok check it, sit down Bhabhi, kiwi, ok check it, sit down Bhabhi, I have kept it once, oh I have already had so many sarees, I have already had so many sarees, no, this time you wear the shirt [laughs] I can use it as a blouse, I can use it as a blouse, I can use it as a blouse, we have a shirt for you too, wear it see last time I had taken it because of your saying, see last time I had taken it because of your saying, oh baba the envelope is not looking good. oh baba the envelope is not looking good. oh baba the envelope is not looking good. Give it to me [laughs].   They are Give it to me [laughs].   They are Give it to me [laughs].   They are saying remove the envelope.   Give it to G also.  [laughter] to G also.  [laughter] to G also.  [laughter] Oh, Daddy, you should give the photo to Khindi ji also.  [laughs] give the photo to Khindi ji also.  [laughs] give the photo to Khindi ji also.  [laughs] Okay, Okay, Okay, take this one too [laughs] while taking it like this, come let me take this one too [laughs] while taking it like this, come let me take a photo of you with your envelope.  Kiwi take a photo of you with your envelope.  Kiwi take a photo of you with your envelope.  Kiwi Kiwi Kiwi Kiwi Kiwi Take a photo of you with your envelope. Kiwi Take a photo of you with your envelope. Kiwi Take a photo of you with your envelope. Yes, yes, Yes, yes, Yes, yes, Kiwi bag has become very expensive. Bellavi Bellavi Bellavi has three.  [laughter] has three.  [laughter] has three.  [laughter] He has the Count. He has the Count. He has the Count. You have two in this.  Two.  Where did three come from?   There are You have two in this.  Two.  Where did three come from?   There are You have two in this.  Two.  Where did three come from?   There are two.   There two.   There two.   There are three. are three. are three. Whose three are these? Whose three are these? Whose three are these? In this, children's counting does not get affected. In this, children's counting does not get affected. In this, children's counting does not get affected. Tell me who it is.   Come here. Tell me who it is.   Come here. Tell me who it is.   Come here. Fix the bag.  Come here. Fix the bag.  Come here. Fix the bag.  Come here. Yes, okay. What? Look, she has fallen ill.   She has fallen Look, she has fallen ill.   She has fallen Look, she has fallen ill.   She has fallen ill.  She is not eating food.  Hey, what did you remember? what did you remember? what did you remember? [laughter] These are the ones who go [laughter] These are the ones who go [laughter] These are the ones who go out most of the time I rarely go out out most of the time I rarely go out out most of the time I rarely go out well well well she should also get one by the way the she should also get one by the way the she should also get one by the way the bigger one that's what I knew she would say something [laughter] that's what I knew she would say something [laughter] that's what I knew she would say something [laughter] you had recorded it you had recorded it you had recorded it what to do what to do kiwi is saying put all those envelopes whatever you have kiwi is saying put all those envelopes whatever you have kiwi is saying put all those envelopes whatever you have in my bag in my bag in my bag I will keep the I will keep the I will keep the bread don't go bread don't go bread don't go but kiwi how much do you think about me but kiwi how much do you think about me but kiwi how much do you think about me then will you give me this bag then will you give me this bag how many are there behind this now how many are there behind this now how many are there behind this now two pieces of fruit in your bag also that's five five five total that is that [laughter] come on hey hey total that is that [laughter] come on hey hey total that is that [laughter] come on hey hey kept this hey mommy didn't keep kept this hey mommy didn't keep kept this hey mommy didn't keep this in your bag this in your bag this in your bag yes bhabhi come here hey hey don't pluck the flower just yet wait pluck the flower just yet wait pluck the flower just yet wait [laughter] let me give you the [laughter] let me give you the [laughter] let me give you the gift first pick gift first pick gift first pick this one pick it up this one pick it up this one pick it up whom are you talking uncle wo whom are you talking uncle wo whom are you talking uncle wo n't get up you won't get up n't get up you won't get up n't get up you won't get up son I kept your bag behind actually she is son I kept your bag behind actually she is son I kept your bag behind actually she is talking about this bag the talking about this bag the pink one pink one pink one yes it is the pink one that is your bag so yes it is the pink one that is your bag so yes it is the pink one that is your bag so this is my bag my school this is my bag my school this is my bag my school tuition bag my tuition bag my tuition bag my tuition bag is in tuition bag is in tuition bag is in it  What is? it  What is? it  What is? What's in it? What's in it? What's in it? What's in it?  What's in it? What's in it?  What's in it? What's in it?  What's in it? What is something?  What? What is something?  What? What is something?  What? Okay, I will give it to you, first tell me what is in it? Okay, I will give it to you, first tell me what is in it? Okay, I will give it to you, first tell me what is in it? Wait, wait, I know.  Here's your bag. Wait, wait, I know.  Here's your bag. Wait, wait, I know.  Here's your bag. What's in it, Kiwi? What's in it, Kiwi? What's in it, Kiwi? No, just tell me like this.  Don't open it.  Tell me No, just tell me like this.  Don't open it.  Tell me No, just tell me like this.  Don't open it.  Tell me what is there in it? what is there in it? what is there in it? What else was there? What else was there? What else was there? Envelope.  [laughter] Envelope.  [laughter] Envelope.  [laughter] What's in the envelope?   By What's in the envelope?   By What's in the envelope?   By opening it.   Do opening it.   Do opening it.   Do n't open it.  [laughter] Come on, sit, sit, n't open it.  [laughter] Come on, sit, sit, n't open it.  [laughter] Come on, sit, sit, I'll sit, is it I'll sit, is it I'll sit, is it coming in the back, open the top like that, coming in the back, open the top like that, coming in the back, open the top like that, brother Priya [sound of clearing throat] brother Priya [sound of clearing throat] brother Priya [sound of clearing throat] so good to see [laughter] so good to see [laughter] you're very happy right now you're looking a you're very happy right now you're looking a you're very happy right now you're looking a little cuter [laughter] you look very happy I'm look very happy I'm look very happy I'm not saying too much, friend, nothing else, no, not saying too much, friend, nothing else, no, not saying too much, friend, nothing else, no, I'm getting emotional, too much I'm getting emotional, too much I'm getting emotional, too much happiness, if I wait any happiness, if I wait any happiness, if I wait any longer my happiness will be gone longer my happiness will be gone longer my happiness will be gone come on Priya, go meet daddy quickly don't move the come on Priya, go meet daddy quickly don't move the come on Priya, go meet daddy quickly don't move the seat back like this, you have to move the seat back, did you get seat back, did you get seat back, did you get your number, your number, your number, son, son, no, saree babu, I ca son, son, no, saree babu, I ca son, son, no, saree babu, I ca n't find the n't find the n't find the saree like this, the saree like this, the photo is at the back, come back, hands inside, photo is at the back, come back, hands inside, photo is at the back, come back, hands inside, out of front come on, move it forward, I'll sit from there and move your seat come on, move it forward, I'll sit from there and move your seat come on, move it forward, I'll sit from there and move your seat forward, straighten your seat a little, forward, straighten your seat a little, sit from there, sit from there, sit from there, Priya, wow, you got in the car and this one is covered, the one in front of Priya, wow, you got in the car and this one is covered, the one in front of Priya, wow, you got in the car and this one is covered, the one in front of us keeps turning around us keeps turning around us keeps turning around [laughter] I said [laughter] I said [laughter] I said anything, come on, it will anything, come on, it will anything, come on, it will defame the poor defame the poor defame the poor Kiwi, poor Kiwi has kept her pink Kiwi, poor Kiwi has kept her pink Kiwi, poor Kiwi has kept her pink bag next to her [laughter] bag next to her [laughter] Okay uncle, bye bye bye Okay uncle, bye bye bye [laughs] should I tell you [laughs] should I tell you [laughs] should I tell you one thing, should I tell you a secret, I took one thing, should I tell you a secret, I took one thing, should I tell you a secret, I took out the envelopes from your bag, but you out the envelopes from your bag, but you out the envelopes from your bag, but you said don't take them out [laughs] Kiwi, where is your envelope, Kiwi, where is your envelope, Kiwi, where is your envelope, where is your envelope, where is your envelope, where is your envelope, okay bye bye bye Sharda ji, bye okay bye bye bye Sharda ji, bye okay bye bye bye Sharda ji, bye okay ji, bye okay ji, bye okay ji, bye Sajal, take care, drive slowly brother, bye bye Sajal, take care, drive slowly brother, bye bye Sajal, take care, drive slowly brother, bye bye -b -b -b water has fallen on the tyres, water has fallen on the tyres, water has fallen on the tyres, whenever a girl leaves the house, they whenever a girl leaves the house, they whenever a girl leaves the house, they throw water on the tyres. Finally Finally Finally Papa's chole got praised.  Daddy Papa's chole got praised.  Daddy Papa's chole got praised.  Daddy looks happy today. looks happy today. looks happy today. What happened to you? Now our ball is about to turn sour. You stay away from it. You stay away from it. You stay away from it. I will try to stay away from it. You are the younger sister. You are the younger sister. You are the younger sister. Hey, don't you give him all this that we have? Just take this and keep it.  What to do? Just take this and keep it.  What to do? Just take this and keep it.  What to do? No, what to do?  What if I just drop them home and I just drop them home and I just drop them home and I am also very tired, friend.  Then I will come and I am also very tired, friend.  Then I will come and I am also very tired, friend.  Then I will come and sleep.  Let's.  [music]