Hey, today's hand is wet.  Oh, it's Hey, today's hand is wet.  Oh, it's Hey, today's hand is wet.  Oh, it's scary just looking at that.  I won't get off scary just looking at that.  I won't get off scary just looking at that.  I won't get off .  Oh my, what is this? It's like a lizard, it's .  Oh my, what is this? It's like a lizard, it's .  Oh my, what is this? It's like a lizard, it's crawling on the ground. Hey, it's a dead end. I rubbed it in running water, and he I rubbed it in running water, and he I rubbed it in running water, and he washed it with some kind of soap. washed it with some kind of soap. washed it with some kind of soap. Swimming is a great way to get your shoes on. Swimming is a great way to get your shoes on. Swimming is a great way to get your shoes on. Hey, don't do all that, run downstairs. Hey, don't do all that, run downstairs. Hey, don't do all that, run downstairs. Whatever happens, let it happen.  That's Whatever happens, let it happen.  That's Whatever happens, let it happen.  That's nothing, I'm just here to shake hands. nothing, I'm just here to shake hands. nothing, I'm just here to shake hands. Wait, wait, my dear, why are you going to do your own art? I'm afraid you're going to get why are you going to do your own art? I'm afraid you're going to get drunk on my plate, I'm just trying to drunk on my plate, I'm just trying to drunk on my plate, I'm just trying to protect you.  The only thing that protect you.  The only thing that protect you.  The only thing that keeps me going is the onion.  It's deep there, it's deep, it's deep, it's deep, it's deep, I'll let go, keeps me going is the onion.  It's deep there, it's deep, it's deep, it's deep, it's deep, I'll let go, sir. Why did I get scared as soon as I started sir. Why did I get scared as soon as I started sir. Why did I get scared as soon as I started swinging my bat? swinging my bat? I truly send you my heart.  If you're going to save a good cow, then we'll have to I truly send you my heart.  If you're going to save a good cow, then we'll have to save it ourselves. save it ourselves. save it ourselves. Oh my, where is Ayodhya? I have seen it before. Come on, let's where is Ayodhya? I have seen it before. Come on, let's where is Ayodhya? I have seen it before. Come on, let's go.