Papa, the father of the girl I love has come to Papa, the father of the girl I love has come to Papa, the father of the girl I love has come to know everything. know everything. know everything. Hey, I am here, I will get you married by making you talk to Sandhi ji. Hey, I am here, I will get you married by making you talk to Sandhi ji. Why do you take tension? Why do you take tension? Why do you take tension? But Papa, she is the daughter of our MLA. But Papa, she is the daughter of our MLA. But Papa, she is the daughter of our MLA. Hey Papa Hey Papa where are you running Papa Hey Papa Hey Papa where are you running Papa Hey Papa Hey Papa where are you running Papa with me?  [laughter] A boy. A boy. A boy. Yes dad. Yes dad. Yes dad. We are bringing some stuff. We are bringing some stuff. We are bringing some stuff. Pay attention to the shop.  If you go here and there, we will beat you and break your tent.   Okay okay. Pay attention to the shop.  If you go here and there, we will beat you and break your tent.   Okay okay. Okay, father.  Please come quickly. Okay, father.  Please come quickly. Okay, father.  Please come quickly. Correct.   That's why I am wondering why my calculations are going wondering why my calculations are going wondering why my calculations are going wrong? Just 5,000 more level luck UT, we are Just 5,000 more level luck UT, we are Just 5,000 more level luck UT, we are sending it to you immediately Babu.  You wait for 2 minutes, sending it to you immediately Babu.  You wait for 2 minutes, sending it to you immediately Babu.  You wait for 2 minutes, yes look I am gone. yes look I am gone. yes look I am gone. Eat your food [bell sound]. Eat your food [bell sound]. Eat your food [bell sound]. Yes mother.  Papa's medicine is finished.   I Yes mother.  Papa's medicine is finished.   I Yes mother.  Papa's medicine is finished.   I need ₹100. need ₹100. need ₹100. Ok, good.  Mom will arrange it.  Hey Ok, good.  Mom will arrange it.  Hey Ok, good.  Mom will arrange it.  Hey brother, brother, brother, oh brother, two young men died due to your oh brother, two young men died due to your oh brother, two young men died due to your PB disease. Bhaiya, if you give me a biscuit of Rs. 10, brother, the entire Bhaiya, if you give me a biscuit of Rs. 10, brother, the entire Bhaiya, if you give me a biscuit of Rs. 10, brother, the entire note is torn, will I take these? If you give me a biscuit of Rs. 10, give me a biscuit of Rs. 10, give me a biscuit of Rs. 10, brother, this note is torn, it will not work. Give me a ₹1 note, I will not take this torn note. [laughter] He not take this torn note. [laughter] He not take this torn note. [laughter] He stopped me and asked who are you. He said, stopped me and asked who are you. He said, stopped me and asked who are you. He said, your mother didn't take the empty stomach, wait a minute. your mother didn't take the empty stomach, wait a minute. your mother didn't take the empty stomach, wait a minute. [music] I am coming. [music] I am coming. [music] I am coming. Hello, Hello, Hello, yes Bhaiya, because of the fight that happened yesterday, yes Bhaiya, because of the fight that happened yesterday, yes Bhaiya, because of the fight that happened yesterday, Bhaiya, the police arrested us and took us away. They Bhaiya, the police arrested us and took us away. They Bhaiya, the police arrested us and took us away. They asked for the guardian's number. You gave me your number, asked for the guardian's number. You gave me your number, asked for the guardian's number. You gave me your number, Bhaiya, that's it, you just gave me your number, it means the Bhaiya, that's it, you just gave me your number, it means the Bhaiya, that's it, you just gave me your number, it means the work is done.  Now do one more thing, work is done.  Now do one more thing, work is done.  Now do one more thing, buy a bottle of chilled water and buy a bottle of chilled water and buy a bottle of chilled water and sit comfortably and drink our five glasses.  I sit comfortably and drink our five glasses.  I sit comfortably and drink our five glasses.  I quickly gave my brother a new Telenor number. quickly gave my brother a new Telenor number. quickly gave my brother a new Telenor number. Brother gave me a ticket to Kolkata.  [laughter] Brother gave me a ticket to Kolkata.  [laughter] Brother gave me a ticket to Kolkata.  [laughter] Get out of here.  He will not move from his place. Hey, hey, he got hurt.  Hey, his Hey, hey, he got hurt.  Hey, his Hey, hey, he got hurt.  Hey, his hydrocele has broken down.  He will have to be taken to the doctor. hydrocele has broken down.  He will have to be taken to the doctor. hydrocele has broken down.  He will have to be taken to the doctor. Go quickly and bring an Go quickly and bring an Go quickly and bring an ambulance.  Take a deep breath, ambulance.  Take a deep breath, ambulance.  Take a deep breath, Babu.  Bring a bottle of water, bring a bottle of water. Babu.  Bring a bottle of water, bring a bottle of water. Babu.  Bring a bottle of water, bring a bottle of water. Close your eyes. Close your eyes. Close your eyes. Hey brother, the ambulance guy is saying it will cost Rs 350. Hey brother, the ambulance guy is saying it will cost Rs 350. Hey brother, the ambulance guy is saying it will cost Rs 350. 350? 350? 350? Yes. How to snare a rich girl?   The How to snare a rich girl?   The first way to trap a rich girl is to maintain distance from your poor friends. first way to trap a rich girl is to maintain distance from your poor friends. People don't even think your mother is poor.  One can tell by his appearance People don't even think your mother is poor.  One can tell by his appearance People don't even think your mother is poor.  One can tell by his appearance that he that he that he lives in a slum.  [laughs] Son, when you grow up, all my Son, when you grow up, all my Son, when you grow up, all my burdens will become lighter. Papa, I want another brother. Papa, I want another brother. Papa, I want another brother. I [laughs] I [laughs] I [laughs] shut up, shut up, shut up, what happened? what happened? what happened? Hey brother, four or five boys together beat him badly. Hey brother, four or five boys together beat him badly. Killed him.  Your mother's sit, sit in the car. Killed him.  Your mother's sit, sit in the car. Killed him.  Your mother's sit, sit in the car. Hey brother, leave it, why not take it?  Okay, Hey brother, leave it, why not take it?  Okay, Hey brother, leave it, why not take it?  Okay, listen to your mother's words as much as you want, don't be afraid, come on, listen to your mother's words as much as you want, don't be afraid, come on, how will he kill you, I live here, how will he kill you, I live here, how will he kill you, I live here, come on mother, this is my son, there is no one in the locality who this is my son, there is no one in the locality who this is my son, there is no one in the locality who earns more money than him, he earns more money than him, he earns more money than him, he works in Delhi. works in Delhi. works in Delhi. Well, son, what work do you do from Delhi? This is a phone worth ₹ lakh, just 5000 for you This is a phone worth ₹ lakh, just 5000 for you Hey Kelvin, Kelvin, your girlfriend is getting Hey Kelvin, Kelvin, your girlfriend is getting Hey Kelvin, Kelvin, your girlfriend is getting married to someone else, brother is married to someone else, brother is married to someone else, brother is talking, talking, talking, yes, yes, yes, your mother's and mine, he is getting married to someone else, your mother's and mine, he is getting married to someone else, your mother's and mine, he is getting married to someone else, what power does his father have, we will burn down the entire mandap of what power does his father have, we will burn down the entire mandap of what power does his father have, we will burn down the entire mandap of your mother You guys are still kids, we will just get our name, then You guys are still kids, we will just get our name, then You guys are still kids, we will just get our name, then where will the police administration be involved, did you where will the police administration be involved, did you where will the police administration be involved, did you understand, ask the egg and you understand, ask the egg and you understand, ask the egg and you left, listen, whatever the matter is, we will take care of it, left, listen, whatever the matter is, we will take care of it, left, listen, whatever the matter is, we will take care of it, okay, you guys came to me in time, okay, you guys came to me in time, okay, you guys came to me in time, now you guys don't need to be scared, brother will take care of now you guys don't need to be scared, brother will take care of now you guys don't need to be scared, brother will take care of everything, go, everything, go, everything, go, okay, let's go [Laughter] Where did you find the goods, find the goods, find the goods, where did you find it, it was closed in the shop, ask, nice, where did you find it, it was closed in the shop, ask, nice, where did you find it, it was closed in the shop, ask, nice, or right, bro or right, bro or right, bro Brother, the English you spoke there, say papa, say Brother, the English you spoke there, say papa, say Brother, the English you spoke there, say papa, say papa, papa, papa, or right, bro or right, bro or right, bro What form do you have to fill, What form do you have to fill, What form do you have to fill, IAS officer's form [Laughter] Bhaiya, one glass, Aarti, one glass, you will Bhaiya, one glass, Aarti, one glass, you will Bhaiya, one glass, Aarti, one glass, you will get only one glass, you will get the second glass, please leave, get only one glass, you will get the second glass, please leave, get only one glass, you will get the second glass, please leave, Ayush Usman Baba Bhai, Assalam Walekum Bhaijaan Gala, all is well, Hallelujah in the  name of Hallelujah in the  name of Hallelujah in the  name of work