An afternoon with me as a street kid, An afternoon with me as a street kid, An afternoon with me as a street kid, or so some people think because I or so some people think because I or so some people think because I go out to buy something or pick up an go out to buy something or pick up an go out to buy something or pick up an order.  Being a stay-at-home girl doesn't mean I ca order.  Being a stay-at-home girl doesn't mean I ca order.  Being a stay-at-home girl doesn't mean I ca n't go anywhere.  Of course I n't go anywhere.  Of course I n't go anywhere.  Of course I can.  I just have to ask can.  I just have to ask can.  I just have to ask my parents for permission, let them know where my parents for permission, let them know where my parents for permission, let them know where I am, and come back early.  Today I'm going to I am, and come back early.  Today I'm going to I am, and come back early.  Today I'm going to register my cell phone with a register my cell phone with a register my cell phone with a mobile operator, something I should have done a long mobile operator, something I should have done a long mobile operator, something I should have done a long time ago.  I wanted my mom to come with me time ago.  I wanted my mom to come with me time ago.  I wanted my mom to come with me , since I'm scared of doing , since I'm scared of doing , since I'm scared of doing paperwork, but since she couldn't, there was no paperwork, but since she couldn't, there was no paperwork, but since she couldn't, there was no other option but to go alone.  When I arrived there was a other option but to go alone.  When I arrived there was a other option but to go alone.  When I arrived there was a queue, but luckily it didn't queue, but luckily it didn't queue, but luckily it didn't take too long.  After I finished take too long.  After I finished take too long.  After I finished registering my cell phone, I took a walk registering my cell phone, I took a walk registering my cell phone, I took a walk around the mall and ended up around the mall and ended up around the mall and ended up buying a small cup and a folder. buying a small cup and a folder. buying a small cup and a folder. I came back and did some shopping.  Bread I came back and did some shopping.  Bread I came back and did some shopping.  Bread for tomorrow, flour for the pancakes for tomorrow, flour for the pancakes for tomorrow, flour for the pancakes and cheese.  As soon as I got home, and cheese.  As soon as I got home, and cheese.  As soon as I got home, I changed my clothes and gave them their cookies. For I changed my clothes and gave them their cookies. For I changed my clothes and gave them their cookies. For lunch I made some tequeños with lunch I made some tequeños with lunch I made some tequeños with the guantán and the cheese, which we the guantán and the cheese, which we the guantán and the cheese, which we accompanied with cocoa.  Then I washed the accompanied with cocoa.  Then I washed the accompanied with cocoa.  Then I washed the dishes, brushed my teeth, washed my face, and dishes, brushed my teeth, washed my face, and dishes, brushed my teeth, washed my face, and did my skin.  They say sleeping with did my skin.  They say sleeping with did my skin.  They say sleeping with Korean braids is good for your Korean braids is good for your Korean braids is good for your hair, so I got them.  Let's see how I hair, so I got them.  Let's see how I hair, so I got them.  Let's see how I wake up tomorrow.  Bye.