A little baby is about to come to your home. A little baby is about to come to your home. A little baby is about to come to your home. But I don't see such a happy atmosphere. But I don't see such a happy atmosphere. Why?  Why? Why?  Why? Why?  Why? Everything is so calm, calm, we are the Everything is so calm, calm, we are the Everything is so calm, calm, we are the happiest.  It doesn't seem like it. happiest.  It doesn't seem like it. happiest.  It doesn't seem like it. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mom-to-be Aa Na Tofu Ka Lakshmi.   He has Mom-to-be Aa Na Tofu Ka Lakshmi.   He has Mom-to-be Aa Na Tofu Ka Lakshmi.   He has no peace at all.  He is just roaming here and there. no peace at all.  He is just roaming here and there. Yes, tell me.  She is so fit and yet the Yes, tell me.  She is so fit and yet the Yes, tell me.  She is so fit and yet the doctor was saying let's do the delivery. doctor was saying let's do the delivery. doctor was saying let's do the delivery. Guys, Kavya is liking this scooter. Guys, Kavya is liking this scooter. Here it is, look how good it looks.   It Here it is, look how good it looks.   It Here it is, look how good it looks.   It looks good now.   Do looks good now.   Do looks good now.   Do you agree to take it? you agree to take it? you agree to take it? Yes. Yes. Yes. Anyway, it is ours, it is the old one.  Do has become Anyway, it is ours, it is the old one.  Do has become Anyway, it is ours, it is the old one.  Do has become very old.  It has been six or seven years for him. very old.  It has been six or seven years for him. very old.  It has been six or seven years for him. Is this one correct?   That's Is this one correct?   That's Is this one correct?   That's ok.  We will see. ok.  We will see. ok.  We will see. In this we will see color.  This color does In this we will see color.  This color does In this we will see color.  This color does n't look that special.  We will see the white. n't look that special.  We will see the white. n't look that special.  We will see the white. This time neither Kavya nor a car was seen. This time neither Kavya nor a car was seen. This time neither Kavya nor a car was seen. Kavya liked it and now it is time to take it.  Isn't it Kavya liked it and now it is time to take it.  Isn't it Kavya liked it and now it is time to take it.  Isn't it ? ? ? Yes.   That's Yes.   That's Yes.   That's ok. ok. ok. Come on guys, look, we have come to Come on guys, look, we have come to Come on guys, look, we have come to Krishna and Chiku's school while returning from the gym and I am Krishna and Chiku's school while returning from the gym and I am Krishna and Chiku's school while returning from the gym and I am eating banana.  So those AI reels do eating banana.  So those AI reels do eating banana.  So those AI reels do not come on Instagram saying that the owner has come back from the gym.   The not come on Instagram saying that the owner has come back from the gym.   The not come on Instagram saying that the owner has come back from the gym.   The owner has just eaten the banana. owner has just eaten the banana. owner has just eaten the banana. Waiting for the protein. Waiting for the protein. Waiting for the protein. When will the owner eat the protein?  Brain Babu, When will the owner eat the protein?  Brain Babu, When will the owner eat the protein?  Brain Babu, tell the owner to eat protein.  Let's go guys.  We have arrived. tell the owner to eat protein.  Let's go guys.  We have arrived. tell the owner to eat protein.  Let's go guys.  We have arrived. Hi.   I have to Hi.   I have to Hi.   I have to go to Krishna's class and surprise him. go to Krishna's class and surprise him. go to Krishna's class and surprise him. Papa, I am Papa, I am Papa, I am not going to class, I have come to not going to class, I have come to not going to class, I have come to pay his fees. pay his fees. pay his fees. Hold it like this.  The climate looks so good, doesn't it Hold it like this.  The climate looks so good, doesn't it Hold it like this.  The climate looks so good, doesn't it ? ? ? Yes.  Wow. Yes.  Wow. Yes.  Wow. My school days are also coming to me.  Are you My school days are also coming to me.  Are you My school days are also coming to me.  Are you coming or not? coming or not? coming or not? Nor am I able to do it. Nor am I able to do it. Nor am I able to do it. You never went to school anyway. You never went to school anyway. You never went to school anyway. What is the problem with this gentleman, brother?  What What is the problem with this gentleman, brother?  What What is the problem with this gentleman, brother?  What is their problem? is their problem? is their problem? Come on friend, don't talk like that.  Whenever I have gone to Come on friend, don't talk like that.  Whenever I have gone to Come on friend, don't talk like that.  Whenever I have gone to school, bad things have happened to me. school, bad things have happened to me. school, bad things have happened to me. Corona has arrived.  Two years passed like this.  Three Corona has arrived.  Two years passed like this.  Three Corona has arrived.  Two years passed like this.  Three years passed. years passed. years passed. Yes friend, now I have heard it.  Ok.  All the Yes friend, now I have heard it.  Ok.  All the Yes friend, now I have heard it.  Ok.  All the girls are teasing each other.   I am just girls are teasing each other.   I am just girls are teasing each other.   I am just talking boys.  All the boys are talking boys.  All the boys are talking boys.  All the boys are teasing each other.  Look, your sister is leaving. teasing each other.  Look, your sister is leaving. teasing each other.  Look, your sister is leaving. Look, your sister is leaving. Look, your sister is leaving. Look, your sister is leaving. Why would you be doing this? Why would you be doing this? Why would you be doing this? Now Now Now I know your comment.  got it.  But now I know your comment.  got it.  But now I know your comment.  got it.  But now you guys explain it to me in the comments.  Why would you be you guys explain it to me in the comments.  Why would you be you guys explain it to me in the comments.  Why would you be speaking like this?  Oh my God, we have come home. speaking like this?  Oh my God, we have come home. speaking like this?  Oh my God, we have come home. Today I did a full on workout.  The entire body Today I did a full on workout.  The entire body Today I did a full on workout.  The entire body is broken.  And look, these new plants have been is broken.  And look, these new plants have been is broken.  And look, these new plants have been planted by mom.  You look so cool planted by mom.  You look so cool planted by mom.  You look so cool here.  Mom and grandma were doing this all day yesterday. here.  Mom and grandma were doing this all day yesterday. Hello Gajra Kaku. Hello Gajra Kaku. Hello Gajra Kaku. Hi Hi Nice. Hi Hi Nice. Hi Hi Nice. Good morning guys. Good morning guys. Good morning guys. Bring protein. Bring protein. Bring protein. Asking for protein.  Papa is making Asking for protein.  Papa is making Asking for protein.  Papa is making protein. protein. protein. Just wait, it will be ready within 5 minutes. Just wait, it will be ready within 5 minutes. Just wait, it will be ready within 5 minutes. What do you do [laughs] it's nothing, look at yourself like this, it looks great, nothing, look at yourself like this, it looks great, wow, putting the banana in? putting the banana in? putting the banana in? How many grains do you need to make? How many grains do you need to make? How many grains do you need to make? Three. Three. Three. Three.   There Three.   There Three.   There are three people, right? are three people, right? are three people, right? Yes, okay.  Here you go then. Yes, okay.  Here you go then. Yes, okay.  Here you go then. What all was aunty showing? What all was aunty showing? What all was aunty showing? Dam.   She was Dam.   She was Dam.   She was showing the dam.  Uncle has showing the dam.  Uncle has showing the dam.  Uncle has gone to his side. gone to his side. gone to his side. show. show. show. [laughter] To [laughter] To [laughter] To Mama. Mama. Mama. Wow, it looks so cool.  See. Wow, it looks so cool.  See. Mama is going to go to the place where common man cannot go.  That's why Mama is going to go to the place where common man cannot go.  That's why Mama is going to go to the place where common man cannot go.  That's why he is flexing.  Because he is a government employee of the he is flexing.  Because he is a government employee of the he is flexing.  Because he is a government employee of the dam.   feel dam.   feel dam.   feel right.  Wow!  Is carefree. right.  Wow!  Is carefree. right.  Wow!  Is carefree. A little baby is about to come to your home. A little baby is about to come to your home. A little baby is about to come to your home. But I don't see such a happy atmosphere. But I don't see such a happy atmosphere. Why?  Why? Why?  Why? Why?  Why? Everything is so calm, calm, calm, does Everything is so calm, calm, calm, does Everything is so calm, calm, calm, does n't it seem like we are the happiest? n't it seem like we are the happiest? n't it seem like we are the happiest? Yes.  We all remain happy. Yes.  We all remain happy. Yes.  We all remain happy. Hey, the child's mother should not be too happy. Hey, the child's mother should not be too happy. Hey, the child's mother should not be too happy. Abdullah is becoming crazy in someone else's wedding. Abdullah is becoming crazy in someone else's wedding. Abdullah is becoming crazy in someone else's wedding. We are happier. We are happier. We are happier. And I read the rest very quietly.  Hey And I read the rest very quietly.  Hey And I read the rest very quietly.  Hey brother, I am saying this not for others. brother, I am saying this not for others. brother, I am saying this not for others. Be happy for yourself, for yourself, for yourself.  He is Be happy for yourself, for yourself, for yourself.  He is Be happy for yourself, for yourself, for yourself.  He is not even able to do that with all the family members. not even able to do that with all the family members. not even able to do that with all the family members. Just be happy for yourself. Just be happy for yourself. Just be happy for yourself. You too should be happy for yourself, for yourself. You too should be happy for yourself, for yourself. Yeah, I'm Yeah, I'm Yeah, I'm not looking, Dad. not looking, Dad. not looking, Dad. What would happen to you if you drank protein? What would happen to you if you drank protein? What would happen to you if you drank protein? Hey, I see that everyone is sitting bored like this. Hey, I see that everyone is sitting bored like this. Hey, I see that everyone is sitting bored like this. I said come.  [laughter] I said come.  [laughter] I said come.  [laughter] Yeah, look.  Bor, you are going to become an aunt.   I am Yeah, look.  Bor, you are going to become an aunt.   I am Yeah, look.  Bor, you are going to become an aunt.   I am sitting here bored.  You have made me sit here completely bored. sitting here bored.  You have made me sit here completely bored. sitting here bored.  You have made me sit here completely bored. Hey, be happy for yourself.  Being kind to ourselves is about being Hey, be happy for yourself.  Being kind to ourselves is about being Hey, be happy for yourself.  Being kind to ourselves is about being happy for ourselves.   I am happy for ourselves.   I am happy for ourselves.   I am very happy.  [laughter] I'll be very happy.  [laughter] I'll be very happy.  [laughter] I'll be sleeping all day.  Is happy. sleeping all day.  Is happy. sleeping all day.  Is happy. Dude, I fell asleep because the TV did Dude, I fell asleep because the TV did Dude, I fell asleep because the TV did n't pick up the network today.  Okay, that's why n't pick up the network today.  Okay, that's why n't pick up the network today.  Okay, that's why your WiFi is not working today, that's why your WiFi is not working today, that's why your WiFi is not working today, that's why I am switching on the battery TV, it is I am switching on the battery TV, it is I am switching on the battery TV, it is not getting the network, I have switched on the TV five-six not getting the network, I have switched on the TV five-six not getting the network, I have switched on the TV five-six times, but it is not working, yes, I will times, but it is not working, yes, I will switch on the TV in front, the WiFi must have gone off, switch on the TV in front, the WiFi must have gone off, switch on the TV in front, the WiFi must have gone off, what happens to Papa after drinking protein what happens to Papa after drinking protein what happens to Papa after drinking protein [laughs]. Is [laughs]. Is [laughs]. Is anyone looking angry at me, anyone looking angry at me, anyone looking angry at me, everyone everyone everyone knows, when I am not there, there is so much peace in the house, when he is knows, when I am not there, there is so much peace in the house, when he is knows, when I am not there, there is so much peace in the house, when he is not there, especially not there, especially not there, especially I also remain calm, I also remain calm, I also remain calm, everyone in the house remains happy [laughs]. everyone in the house remains happy [laughs]. everyone in the house remains happy [laughs]. Not for anyone.  Be happy for yourself.  At Not for anyone.  Be happy for yourself.  At Not for anyone.  Be happy for yourself.  At least tell myself that I am happy. least tell myself that I am happy. least tell myself that I am happy. Now the introduction is Now the introduction is Now the introduction is not happy.  You will regret it later. not happy.  You will regret it later. not happy.  You will regret it later. You will regret it later.  They will think that at whatever age we are, at You will regret it later.  They will think that at whatever age we are, at You will regret it later.  They will think that at whatever age we are, at whatever age we should have been happy, at that age whatever age we should have been happy, at that age whatever age we should have been happy, at that age we are not sitting with a sad face we are not sitting with a sad face we are not sitting with a sad face [laughs]. [laughs]. [laughs]. Should I become an actor or not?   At the Should I become an actor or not?   At the Should I become an actor or not?   At the age when you should have been happy, age when you should have been happy, age when you should have been happy, we were sitting with our heads down we were sitting with our heads down we were sitting with our heads down [laughs] You [laughs] You [laughs] You can also become a motivational trainer.   The can also become a motivational trainer.   The can also become a motivational trainer.   The definition of happiness in today's date is going to be like this definition of happiness in today's date is going to be like this definition of happiness in today's date is going to be like this [laughs] that now I [laughs] that now I [laughs] that now I tell everyone to be happy, be happy. tell everyone to be happy, be happy. tell everyone to be happy, be happy. Yes, if you are happy because of my happiness then Yes, if you are happy because of my happiness then Yes, if you are happy because of my happiness then I will not be happy.  [laughter] I will not be happy.  [laughter] I will not be happy.  [laughter] We won't be happy, go away.  We will not give you happiness, that is why We won't be happy, go away.  We will not give you happiness, that is why We won't be happy, go away.  We will not give you happiness, that is why we will remain sad we will remain sad we will remain sad but will not let you be happy, if you do not want to be happy, but will not let you be happy, if you do not want to be happy, but will not let you be happy, if you do not want to be happy, you should be happy, oh you should be happy, oh you should be happy, oh I am explaining this to maami also [laughs] I am I am explaining this to maami also [laughs] I am I am explaining this to maami also [laughs] I am explaining it to my stomach explaining it to my stomach explaining it to my stomach and here a new mother is going to be born, and here a new mother is going to be born, and here a new mother is going to be born, I am explaining it to her also, I am I am explaining it to her also, I am I am explaining it to her also, I am explaining it to her only, explaining it to her only, explaining it to her only, yes right now he is resting so Kirti will yes right now he is resting so Kirti will yes right now he is resting so Kirti will tell my lecture there later, okay, do it like this and tell my lecture there later, okay, do it like this and tell my lecture there later, okay, do it like this and tell it by beating her, tell it by beating her, tell it by beating her, father-in-law, stay happy [laughs] keep your life messed up [laughs] keep your life messed up [laughs] keep your life messed up [laughs] everyone's food is ready, didi the everyone's food is ready, didi the everyone's food is ready, didi the food is food is food is well cooked, well cooked, come how is it, the rice is getting cooked, come how is it, the rice is getting cooked, Lakshmi Lakshmi Lakshmi maami has cooked it, yes maami has cooked it, yes maami has cooked it, yes see after eating maami's food everyone is praising it, no no I am see after eating maami's food everyone is praising it, no no I am telling the truth, Lakshmi is not lying, no no telling the truth, Lakshmi is not lying, no no telling the truth, Lakshmi is not lying, no no aunty the aunty the aunty the child is liking it more than me, child is liking it more than me, child is liking it more than me, yes the child is eating it with pleasure, yes the child is eating it with pleasure, yes the child is eating it with pleasure, he cannot lie he cannot lie he cannot lie and our Laxmi has come home from the hospital, the and our Laxmi has come home from the hospital, the and our Laxmi has come home from the hospital, the delivery date is a little late.  Okay guys delivery date is a little late.  Okay guys delivery date is a little late.  Okay guys and Kirti what are you saying? and Kirti what are you saying? and Kirti what are you saying? I am not saying anything.  I am feeding everyone. I am not saying anything.  I am feeding everyone. I am not saying anything.  I am feeding everyone. Kirti is very happy.  She is going to become an aunt. Kirti is very happy.  She is going to become an aunt. Kirti is very happy.  She is going to become an aunt. Here aunty is taking out food for Krishna. Here aunty is taking out food for Krishna. Kajal, will Kajal, will Kajal, will you also eat with them? you also eat with them? you also eat with them? I eat with Dibbbu. I eat with Dibbbu. I eat with Dibbbu. We cannot eat it without the box.   At We cannot eat it without the box.   At We cannot eat it without the box.   At times she asks for something or the other to apply kajal. times she asks for something or the other to apply kajal. Whom?  It is not available at all. Whom?  It is not available at all. Whom?  It is not available at all. Every one of his brothers will Every one of his brothers will Every one of his brothers will get it now. get it now. get it now. Yes.  So Yes.  So Yes.  So aunty feels like applying kajal.  Most of all, you are still aunty feels like applying kajal.  Most of all, you are still aunty feels like applying kajal.  Most of all, you are still waiting for the baby to be born and waiting for the baby to be born and waiting for the baby to be born and apply kajal.  I am not. apply kajal.  I am not. apply kajal.  I am not. One needs to pay attention to the child who applies kajal.   Let's One needs to pay attention to the child who applies kajal.   Let's One needs to pay attention to the child who applies kajal.   Let's see what the first child will be.   If it's a see what the first child will be.   If it's a see what the first child will be.   If it's a girl, I'll take a little room boy girl, I'll take a little room boy girl, I'll take a little room boy more [laughs].   Right now he is more [laughs].   Right now he is more [laughs].   Right now he is waiting to see how big a reward he is going to get. waiting to see how big a reward he is going to get. Yes brother, you will get a big gift from sister-in-law Yes brother, you will get a big gift from sister-in-law Yes brother, you will get a big gift from sister-in-law now.  Ok.  Dod is my aunt.  I will give it to an aunt and now.  Ok.  Dod is my aunt.  I will give it to an aunt and now.  Ok.  Dod is my aunt.  I will give it to an aunt and go.  No, you will have to give it to Kavya also. go.  No, you will have to give it to Kavya also. go.  No, you will have to give it to Kavya also. Both of them have the Both of them have the Both of them have the right to Kavya first.   She is my right to Kavya first.   She is my right to Kavya first.   She is my elder aunt. elder aunt. elder aunt. Both of you should have fun together with brother and sister-in-law. Both of you should have fun together with brother and sister-in-law. Both of you should have fun together with brother and sister-in-law. First both of them together First both of them together First both of them together and if a grandson comes then he will be the and if a grandson comes then he will be the and if a grandson comes then he will be the first grandson of our family. first grandson of our family. first grandson of our family. Ok.   I Ok.   I Ok.   I just asked for one kilo of Gulab Jamun.   Had asked for just asked for one kilo of Gulab Jamun.   Had asked for just asked for one kilo of Gulab Jamun.   Had asked for Rasgullas. Rasgullas. Rasgullas. With whom? With whom? With whom? From sister-in-law. From sister-in-law. From sister-in-law. Drank water. Drank water. Drank water. Yes.  Look who has come, Krishna has come and Yes.  Look who has come, Krishna has come and Yes.  Look who has come, Krishna has come and I was just telling him that I had I was just telling him that I had I was just telling him that I had come to your school and when you know we went to his school, it was come to your school and when you know we went to his school, it was come to your school and when you know we went to his school, it was their lunch break, friend, their lunch break, friend, their lunch break, friend, I asked him why didn't you come out, I asked him why didn't you come out, I asked him why didn't you come out, but what was he doing, you were eating chips, but what was he doing, you were eating chips, yes I was eating chips, there I was telling him what all yes I was eating chips, there I was telling him what all yes I was eating chips, there I was telling him what all we did, we did, we did, everyone was playing there, children were everyone was playing there, children were everyone was playing there, children were playing there, football was going on, playing there, football was going on, playing there, football was going on, basketball was going on, everyone was having fun, basketball was going on, everyone was having fun, basketball was going on, everyone was having fun, we first thought that we will bring Chiku we first thought that we will bring Chiku we first thought that we will bring Chiku home also.  Then later Papa home also.  Then later Papa home also.  Then later Papa said no, he will come later.  If I had come to said no, he will come later.  If I had come to said no, he will come later.  If I had come to pick you up, would you have come?   Yes, it used to work. pick you up, would you have come?   Yes, it used to work. pick you up, would you have come?   Yes, it used to work. School is very boring, School is very boring, School is very boring, sister.   Don't sister.   Don't sister.   Don't talk like that.  Don't talk like that. talk like that.  Don't talk like that. talk like that.  Don't talk like that. Jail is school. Jail is school. Jail is school. We will take it, friend. We will take it, friend. So what were you thinking, that you would release the prisoner So what were you thinking, that you would release the prisoner So what were you thinking, that you would release the prisoner from there?  If it is a jail then you all are prisoners.   Didi, from there?  If it is a jail then you all are prisoners.   Didi, from there?  If it is a jail then you all are prisoners.   Didi, he keeps the children mentally and physically like this. he keeps the children mentally and physically like this. he keeps the children mentally and physically like this. She was in jail anyway. She was in jail anyway. She was in jail anyway. Poor child, he still has to do his homework, guys Poor child, he still has to do his homework, guys Poor child, he still has to do his homework, guys Krishna is about to give me a snack, Krishna is about to give me a snack, wait, he is just giving you some spare, get wait, he is just giving you some spare, get wait, he is just giving you some spare, get ready for WWE ready for WWE ready for WWE hey mom, hurry up, clap your hands, hold your hands, you are hands, you are hands, you are shouting before reading two-three, shouting before reading two-three, shouting before reading two-three, I am scared of falling, acting [laughs] I wo I am scared of falling, acting [laughs] I wo I am scared of falling, acting [laughs] I wo n't be able to even shout [laughter] I missed one-two, if one-two, if one-two, if I had also missed, I had also missed, I had also missed, something would have happened to you, so go ahead, move aside, I would have done this [laughter] I would have done this guys, so guys, just now [laughter] I would have done this guys, so guys, just now everyone was having food downstairs everyone was having food downstairs everyone was having food downstairs and I was taking bath upstairs, so the water in Bhabhi's and I was taking bath upstairs, so the water in Bhabhi's and I was taking bath upstairs, so the water in Bhabhi's stomach had reduced, that is why stomach had reduced, that is why stomach had reduced, that is why Bhabhi was admitted and the Bhabhi was admitted and the Bhabhi was admitted and the doctor had said that we doctor had said that we doctor had said that we can do the delivery anytime.  But the can do the delivery anytime.  But the can do the delivery anytime.  But the reports have come good now.  So the doctor has reports have come good now.  So the doctor has reports have come good now.  So the doctor has said that we can wait for two-three days. said that we can wait for two-three days. said that we can wait for two-three days. So it is good friend, the more days the So it is good friend, the more days the So it is good friend, the more days the child stays in the womb, the better will be his child stays in the womb, the better will be his child stays in the womb, the better will be his growth.  So the delivery is going to happen in two-three days. growth.  So the delivery is going to happen in two-three days. growth.  So the delivery is going to happen in two-three days. So now I am going So now I am going So now I am going downstairs to get ready.  I do downstairs to get ready.  I do downstairs to get ready.  I do n't feel fresh until I take a bath, friend.  It seems like n't feel fresh until I take a bath, friend.  It seems like n't feel fresh until I take a bath, friend.  It seems like I am sitting idle.  Yes, he asks, guys, I have I am sitting idle.  Yes, he asks, guys, I have I am sitting idle.  Yes, he asks, guys, I have come down after taking bath and now we are about to have dinner. come down after taking bath and now we are about to have dinner. come down after taking bath and now we are about to have dinner. Aunty, I and mom, only three of us are Aunty, I and mom, only three of us are Aunty, I and mom, only three of us are left.  Everyone else has eaten their food.  Did elder left.  Everyone else has eaten their food.  Did elder left.  Everyone else has eaten their food.  Did elder mother eat food? mother eat food? mother eat food? Yes, eat food, Yes, eat food, Yes, eat food, we are fine.  Will work.  Let mom come now. we are fine.  Will work.  Let mom come now. we are fine.  Will work.  Let mom come now. Mom was asking me to make something. Mom was asking me to make something. Mom was asking me to make something. Look, he knows it. Look, he knows it. Look, he knows it. What do you do?  It is visible.   Nothing.  It What do you do?  It is visible.   Nothing.  It What do you do?  It is visible.   Nothing.  It just keeps moving around like this.  This just just keeps moving around like this.  This just just keeps moving around like this.  This just arrived.  Ok.  He has not washed his hands and is not saying goodbye to everyone like this.  He is arrived.  Ok.  He has not washed his hands and is not saying goodbye to everyone like this.  He is arrived.  Ok.  He has not washed his hands and is not saying goodbye to everyone like this.  He is doing it like this.  He is doing it like this.  He is doing it like this.  He is wiping his hands and taking it. These two look like brother and sister to me. Scam Fill out the photo card.   It's Scam Fill out the photo card.   It's Scam Fill out the photo card.   It's on.  The video is on. on.  The video is on. on.  The video is on. Mother says that both are brother and sister. Mother says that both are brother and sister. Mother says that both are brother and sister. Sneaking Sneaking Sneaking So you're picky.  This and these flatbreads [laughs] So you're picky.  This and these flatbreads [laughs] So you're picky.  This and these flatbreads [laughs] guys, look here my mom is making guys, look here my mom is making guys, look here my mom is making khichdi right now because the food is very bland, for so khichdi right now because the food is very bland, for so khichdi right now because the food is very bland, for so many days our mom wants to many days our mom wants to many days our mom wants to eat spicy food and along with mom I eat spicy food and along with mom I eat spicy food and along with mom I also want to eat spicy food, we are also want to eat spicy food, we are also want to eat spicy food, we are making tahri, we are making tahri, let's making tahri, we are making tahri, let's see some recipe of tofu for dad, someone with tofu, here I am see some recipe of tofu for dad, someone with tofu, here I am see some recipe of tofu for dad, someone with tofu, here I am making tofu and khichdi with gravy for dad and making tofu and khichdi with gravy for dad and making tofu and khichdi with gravy for dad and look here I am making look here I am making look here I am making these french fries in the air fryer, these are these french fries in the air fryer, these are these french fries in the air fryer, these are some leftover french fries, so I am making these, some leftover french fries, so I am making these, some leftover french fries, so I am making these, look here we have kept the french fries in the air fryer for look here we have kept the french fries in the air fryer for look here we have kept the french fries in the air fryer for 15 minutes.  Look, this is 15 minutes.  Look, this is 15 minutes.  Look, this is how it looks here.  What are you making here how it looks here.  What are you making here how it looks here.  What are you making here ?  Making popcorn popcorn.  She is making the 'Thali'. ?  Making popcorn popcorn.  She is making the 'Thali'. ?  Making popcorn popcorn.  She is making the 'Thali'. Lunch for everyone.  Everything Lunch for everyone.  Everything Lunch for everyone.  Everything will be done today.  I will eat a lot today.  I will be done today.  I will eat a lot today.  I will be done today.  I will eat a lot today.  I know it's been so long, just look what time it is.  It's 3:00. know it's been so long, just look what time it is.  It's 3:00. know it's been so long, just look what time it is.  It's 3:00. And we haven't had our meal yet.  I am And we haven't had our meal yet.  I am And we haven't had our meal yet.  I am very hungry.  And aunty is very hungry.  And aunty is very hungry.  And aunty is making something like chilli doko over there.  That day making something like chilli doko over there.  That day making something like chilli doko over there.  That day he had not made chilli mushrooms.  It was he had not made chilli mushrooms.  It was he had not made chilli mushrooms.  It was made very tasty.  Look what a made very tasty.  Look what a made very tasty.  Look what a wonderful thing aunty has made.  Wow, try it.   It wonderful thing aunty has made.  Wow, try it.   It looks fine in appearance.  Now tell me dad, it feels looks fine in appearance.  Now tell me dad, it feels looks fine in appearance.  Now tell me dad, it feels very dirty.   It tastes very dirty.   It tastes very dirty.   It tastes very similar to food.  I'm liking it. very similar to food.  I'm liking it. Wow, Wow, Wow, look, Tahri [laughs], Tahri is speaking.  Mom has look, Tahri [laughs], Tahri is speaking.  Mom has look, Tahri [laughs], Tahri is speaking.  Mom has made it very hot.  It is made very spicy. made it very hot.  It is made very spicy. made it very hot.  It is made very spicy. But I am also eating tofu with Papa. But I am also eating tofu with Papa. This is tofu.  Tofu Does Kirti eat tofu This is tofu.  Tofu Does Kirti eat tofu This is tofu.  Tofu Does Kirti eat tofu ? ? ? No.  What is tofu called in the village? No.  What is tofu called in the village? No.  What is tofu called in the village? I have heard this name for the first time.  [laughs] I have heard this name for the first time.  [laughs] I have heard this name for the first time.  [laughs] yes, so what are you yes, so what are you yes, so what are you listening to, first listening to, first eat dal, rice, vegetables, roti, eat dal, rice, vegetables, roti, eat dal, rice, vegetables, roti, this is our future mom, ah na tofu ka this is our future mom, ah na tofu ka this is our future mom, ah na tofu ka Lakshmi, she is Lakshmi, she is Lakshmi, she is not at peace, she is roaming here and there, not at peace, she is roaming here and there, yes tell me, she is so fit and still the doctor was yes tell me, she is so fit and still the doctor was yes tell me, she is so fit and still the doctor was saying that let's do the delivery, then then then Bhabhi, doctor, Bhabhi, doctor, Bhabhi, doctor, you are becoming a mother, right, I am not becoming a mother, Bhabhi, you are becoming a mother, right, I am not becoming a mother, Bhabhi, you are becoming a mother, right, I am not becoming a mother, Bhabhi, what was he saying, doctor, doctor, what was he saying, doctor, doctor, what was he saying, doctor, doctor, nothing, there is a little less water in the stomach, he was saying the same thing.   If there is a nothing, there is a little less water in the stomach, he was saying the same thing.   If there is a good good good reason then you will be admitted and a reason then you will be admitted and a reason then you will be admitted and a caesarean will have to be done. caesarean will have to be done. caesarean will have to be done. Yes yes that is what happens, Yes yes that is what happens, Yes yes that is what happens, we will have a normal delivery.   The same thing happened to my sister-in-law also. same thing happened to my sister-in-law also. same thing happened to my sister-in-law also. Yes, I stayed for four days and then it became normal. Yes, I stayed for four days and then it became normal. Yes, I stayed for four days and then it became normal. Four days ago I had said that I would get a Caesarean section done.  Then the Four days ago I had said that I would get a Caesarean section done.  Then the Four days ago I had said that I would get a Caesarean section done.  Then the delivery became normal on the fourth day. delivery became normal on the fourth day. delivery became normal on the fourth day. And our elder mother is also from the front.  So elder And our elder mother is also from the front.  So elder And our elder mother is also from the front.  So elder mother got the delivery done at home.  It would fall at home [laughs]. mother got the delivery done at home.  It would fall at home [laughs]. mother got the delivery done at home.  It would fall at home [laughs]. Yes, Yes, Yes, yes, we get the delivery done at home. yes, we get the delivery done at home. yes, we get the delivery done at home. All the daughters-in-law there are delivering at home. All the daughters-in-law there are delivering at home. All the daughters-in-law there are delivering at home. No, it has just happened, it has happened recently. No, it has just happened, it has happened recently. No, it has just happened, it has happened recently. Now, six-seven months ago, a baby was born at home, Now, six-seven months ago, a baby was born at home, Now, six-seven months ago, a baby was born at home, right? right? right? Kaku literally, Ton Ton is also dancing today on our Bhojpuri song. Were you doing this [music]? [music]? [music]? [laughs] You guys will [laughs] You guys will [laughs] You guys will sit and we will also do something after that. sit and we will also do something after that. sit and we will also do something after that. Look guys, it is 8 in the night right now and I have Look guys, it is 8 in the night right now and I have Look guys, it is 8 in the night right now and I have come down after taking a little nap and everyone is come down after taking a little nap and everyone is come down after taking a little nap and everyone is sitting here.  Everyone is doing something or the other. sitting here.  Everyone is doing something or the other. sitting here.  Everyone is doing something or the other. Look, Papa is ready with his luggage. Look, Papa is ready with his luggage. Look, Papa is ready with his luggage. Aunty, show me what you have made today. Aunty, show me what you have made today. Aunty, show me what you have made today. Soybean, Soybean, Soybean, look, aunty has made this green soybean look, aunty has made this green soybean look, aunty has made this green soybean vegetable.  Wow, it's vegetable.  Wow, it's vegetable.  Wow, it's not green.  Not listening to the crazy people. not green.  Not listening to the crazy people. not green.  Not listening to the crazy people. Hey mom, it is green.  [laughter] Hey mom, it is green.  [laughter] Hey mom, it is green.  [laughter] Hey, man, go your own way. Hey, man, go your own way. Hey, man, go your own way. Look at the elders of the house, how they are standing in line there.  There are people Look at the elders of the house, how they are standing in line there.  There are people lying like trains [laughs]. Yes. Yes, like the train, what are these people watching? They must be Yes, like the train, what are these people watching? They must be Yes, like the train, what are these people watching? They must be watching a movie. Didi, watching a movie. Didi, watching a movie. Didi, what are all these what are all these what are all these elders and old people of the house doing? [laughs] elders and old people of the house doing? [laughs] elders and old people of the house doing? [laughs] Today, we all have decided that we will Today, we all have decided that we will Today, we all have decided that we will not eat sitting at the dining table, not eat sitting at the dining table, not eat sitting at the dining table, we will we will we will sit down and eat in a round in the hall over there and after having a sit down and eat in a round in the hall over there and after having a sit down and eat in a round in the hall over there and after having a nice round, we will also watch TV there. nice round, we will also watch TV there. nice round, we will also watch TV there. Enough of the dining table rounds now. Enough of the dining table rounds now. Enough of the dining table rounds now. Now we'll sit down and have a meeting over there. Now we'll sit down and have a meeting over there. Now we'll sit down and have a meeting over there. Everyone will talk.   This is happening for the Everyone will talk.   This is happening for the Everyone will talk.   This is happening for the first time in our house first time in our house first time in our house that all the elders and elders will eat together. that all the elders and elders will eat together. that all the elders and elders will eat together. Otherwise, they eat it all first. Otherwise, they eat it all first. Otherwise, they eat it all first. Old people [laughs] Old people [laughs] Old people [laughs] These elders of our family used to These elders of our family used to These elders of our family used to eat first and then we all used to eat, but eat first and then we all used to eat, but eat first and then we all used to eat, but today is the first time that we all will today is the first time that we all will today is the first time that we all will eat together.  I, hey eat together.  I, hey eat together.  I, hey fat man, why are you troubling him by going there, he has fat man, why are you troubling him by going there, he has fat man, why are you troubling him by going there, he has a different thing, come on, he is a different thing, come on, he is a different thing, come on, he is very much loved by aunty, now it has happened, he is very much loved by aunty, now it has happened, he is very much loved by aunty, now it has happened, he is very much loved, aunty very much loved, aunty very much loved, aunty hears everything about him, hears everything about him, hears everything about him, look how aunty is laughing, did the roti sleep there look how aunty is laughing, did the roti sleep there look how aunty is laughing, did the roti sleep there [laughs], [laughs], hey, come here, come here, what will happen in one, hey, come here, come here, what will happen in one, hey, come here, come here, what will happen in one, where are you going upstairs, you are where are you going upstairs, you are where are you going upstairs, you are not upstairs, don't sit here, not upstairs, don't sit here, not upstairs, don't sit here, today everyone has to sit here together, they are today everyone has to sit here together, they are today everyone has to sit here together, they are not watching this very seriously, whoever is not watching this very seriously, whoever is not watching this very seriously, whoever is watching, some serious scene is going on, what is it, watching, some serious scene is going on, what is it, watching, some serious scene is going on, what is it, look look look what are you watching, guys, right now we all have sat down to eat, guys, right now we all have sat down to eat, guys, right now we all have sat down to eat, all the ladies because Baba and everyone has finished their food, take it all the ladies because Baba and everyone has finished their food, take it out, out, out, Lakshmi didi, take Lakshmi didi, take Lakshmi didi, take out the spoon, everyone will sit and eat out the spoon, everyone will sit and eat out the spoon, everyone will sit and eat now.   The now.   The now.   The TV is on here and Billu has also come. TV is on here and Billu has also come. TV is on here and Billu has also come. Billu, come here and walk. Billu, come here and walk. Billu, come here and walk. Kavya is serving everyone here.  Wow, Kavya is serving everyone here.  Wow, Kavya is serving everyone here.  Wow, wow. Hey, Hey, Hey, give it to mom. give it to mom. give it to mom. So tomorrow or day after tomorrow a new baby will come to our house So tomorrow or day after tomorrow a new baby will come to our house So tomorrow or day after tomorrow a new baby will come to our house and I am going to become an aunt.  So quickly and I am going to become an aunt.  So quickly and I am going to become an aunt.  So quickly give lots of blessings to the new baby and give lots of blessings to the new baby and give lots of blessings to the new baby and like this video.  Don't forget to subscribe to the channel. like this video.  Don't forget to subscribe to the channel.