A little baby is about to come to your home.
But I don't see such a happy atmosphere.
Why? Why?
Everything is so calm, calm, we are the
happiest. It doesn't seem like it.
Yes.
Mom-to-be Aa Na Tofu Ka Lakshmi. He has
no peace at all. He is just roaming here and there.
Yes, tell me. She is so fit and yet the
doctor was saying let's do the delivery.
Guys, Kavya is liking this scooter.
Here it is, look how good it looks. It
looks good now. Do
you agree to take it?
Yes.
Anyway, it is ours, it is the old one. Do has become
very old. It has been six or seven years for him.
Is this one correct? That's
ok. We will see.
In this we will see color. This color does
n't look that special. We will see the white.
This time neither Kavya nor a car was seen.
Kavya liked it and now it is time to take it. Isn't it
?
Yes. That's
ok.
Come on guys, look, we have come to
Krishna and Chiku's school while returning from the gym and I am
eating banana. So those AI reels do
not come on Instagram saying that the owner has come back from the gym. The
owner has just eaten the banana.
Waiting for the protein.
When will the owner eat the protein? Brain Babu,
tell the owner to eat protein. Let's go guys. We have arrived.
Hi. I have to
go to Krishna's class and surprise him.
Papa, I am
not going to class, I have come to
pay his fees.
Hold it like this. The climate looks so good, doesn't it
?
Yes. Wow.
My school days are also coming to me. Are you
coming or not?
Nor am I able to do it.
You never went to school anyway.
What is the problem with this gentleman, brother? What
is their problem?
Come on friend, don't talk like that. Whenever I have gone to
school, bad things have happened to me.
Corona has arrived. Two years passed like this. Three
years passed.
Yes friend, now I have heard it. Ok. All the
girls are teasing each other. I am just
talking boys. All the boys are
teasing each other. Look, your sister is leaving.
Why would you be doing this?
Now
I know your comment. got it. But now
you guys explain it to me in the comments. Why would you be
speaking like this? Oh my God, we have come home.
Today I did a full on workout. The entire body
is broken. And look, these new plants have been
planted by mom. You look so cool
here. Mom and grandma were doing this all day yesterday.
Hello Gajra Kaku.
Hi Hi Nice.
Good morning guys.
Bring protein.
Asking for protein. Papa is making
protein.
Just wait, it will be ready within 5 minutes.
What do you do [laughs] it's
nothing, look at yourself like this, it looks great,
wow,
putting the banana in?
How many grains do you need to make?
Three. There
are three people, right?
Yes, okay. Here you go then.
What all was aunty showing?
Dam. She was
showing the dam. Uncle has
gone to his side.
show.
[laughter] To
Mama.
Wow, it looks so cool. See.
Mama is going to go to the place where common man cannot go. That's why
he is flexing. Because he is a government employee of the
dam. feel
right. Wow! Is carefree.
A little baby is about to come to your home.
But I don't see such a happy atmosphere.
Why? Why?
Everything is so calm, calm, calm, does
n't it seem like we are the happiest?
Yes. We all remain happy.
Hey, the child's mother should not be too happy.
Abdullah is becoming crazy in someone else's wedding.
We are happier.
And I read the rest very quietly. Hey
brother, I am saying this not for others.
Be happy for yourself, for yourself, for yourself. He is
not even able to do that with all the family members.
Just be happy for yourself.
You too should be happy for yourself, for yourself.
Yeah, I'm
not looking, Dad.
What would happen to you if you drank protein?
Hey, I see that everyone is sitting bored like this.
I said come. [laughter]
Yeah, look. Bor, you are going to become an aunt. I am
sitting here bored. You have made me sit here completely bored.
Hey, be happy for yourself. Being kind to ourselves is about being
happy for ourselves. I am
very happy. [laughter] I'll be
sleeping all day. Is happy.
Dude, I fell asleep because the TV did
n't pick up the network today. Okay, that's why
your WiFi is not working today, that's why
I am switching on the battery TV, it is
not getting the network, I have switched on the TV five-six
times, but it is not working, yes, I will
switch on the TV in front, the WiFi must have gone off,
what happens to Papa after drinking protein
[laughs]. Is
anyone looking angry at me,
everyone
knows, when I am not there, there is so much peace in the house, when he is
not there, especially
I also remain calm,
everyone in the house remains happy [laughs].
Not for anyone. Be happy for yourself. At
least tell myself that I am happy.
Now the introduction is
not happy. You will regret it later.
You will regret it later. They will think that at whatever age we are, at
whatever age we should have been happy, at that age
we are not sitting with a sad face
[laughs].
Should I become an actor or not? At the
age when you should have been happy,
we were sitting with our heads down
[laughs] You
can also become a motivational trainer. The
definition of happiness in today's date is going to be like this
[laughs] that now I
tell everyone to be happy, be happy.
Yes, if you are happy because of my happiness then
I will not be happy. [laughter]
We won't be happy, go away. We will not give you happiness, that is why
we will remain sad
but will not let you be happy, if you do not want to be happy,
you should be happy, oh
I am explaining this to maami also [laughs] I am
explaining it to my stomach
and here a new mother is going to be born,
I am explaining it to her also, I am
explaining it to her only,
yes right now he is resting so Kirti will
tell my lecture there later, okay, do it like this and
tell it by beating her,
father-in-law, stay happy [laughs]
keep your life messed up [laughs]
everyone's food is ready, didi the
food is
well cooked,
come how is it, the rice is getting cooked,
Lakshmi
maami has cooked it, yes
see after eating maami's food everyone is praising it, no no I am
telling the truth, Lakshmi is not lying, no no
aunty the
child is liking it more than me,
yes the child is eating it with pleasure,
he cannot lie
and our Laxmi has come home from the hospital, the
delivery date is a little late. Okay guys
and Kirti what are you saying?
I am not saying anything. I am feeding everyone.
Kirti is very happy. She is going to become an aunt.
Here aunty is taking out food for Krishna.
Kajal, will
you also eat with them?
I eat with Dibbbu.
We cannot eat it without the box. At
times she asks for something or the other to apply kajal.
Whom? It is not available at all.
Every one of his brothers will
get it now.
Yes. So
aunty feels like applying kajal. Most of all, you are still
waiting for the baby to be born and
apply kajal. I am not.
One needs to pay attention to the child who applies kajal. Let's
see what the first child will be. If it's a
girl, I'll take a little room boy
more [laughs]. Right now he is
waiting to see how big a reward he is going to get.
Yes brother, you will get a big gift from sister-in-law
now. Ok. Dod is my aunt. I will give it to an aunt and
go. No, you will have to give it to Kavya also.
Both of them have the
right to Kavya first. She is my
elder aunt.
Both of you should have fun together with brother and sister-in-law.
First both of them together
and if a grandson comes then he will be the
first grandson of our family.
Ok. I
just asked for one kilo of Gulab Jamun. Had asked for
Rasgullas.
With whom?
From sister-in-law.
Drank water.
Yes. Look who has come, Krishna has come and
I was just telling him that I had
come to your school and when you know we went to his school, it was
their lunch break, friend,
I asked him why didn't you come out,
but what was he doing, you were eating chips,
yes I was eating chips, there I was telling him what all
we did,
everyone was playing there, children were
playing there, football was going on,
basketball was going on, everyone was having fun,
we first thought that we will bring Chiku
home also. Then later Papa
said no, he will come later. If I had come to
pick you up, would you have come? Yes, it used to work.
School is very boring,
sister. Don't
talk like that. Don't talk like that.
Jail is school.
We will take it, friend.
So what were you thinking, that you would release the prisoner
from there? If it is a jail then you all are prisoners. Didi,
he keeps the children mentally and physically like this.
She was in jail anyway.
Poor child, he still has to do his homework, guys
Krishna is about to give me a snack,
wait, he is just giving you some spare, get
ready for WWE
hey mom, hurry up, clap your hands, hold your
hands, you are
shouting before reading two-three,
I am scared of falling, acting [laughs] I wo
n't be able to even shout
[laughter] I missed
one-two, if
I had also missed,
something would have happened to you, so go ahead, move aside, I would have done this
[laughter] I would have done this guys, so guys, just now
everyone was having food downstairs
and I was taking bath upstairs, so the water in Bhabhi's
stomach had reduced, that is why
Bhabhi was admitted and the
doctor had said that we
can do the delivery anytime. But the
reports have come good now. So the doctor has
said that we can wait for two-three days.
So it is good friend, the more days the
child stays in the womb, the better will be his
growth. So the delivery is going to happen in two-three days.
So now I am going
downstairs to get ready. I do
n't feel fresh until I take a bath, friend. It seems like
I am sitting idle. Yes, he asks, guys, I have
come down after taking bath and now we are about to have dinner.
Aunty, I and mom, only three of us are
left. Everyone else has eaten their food. Did elder
mother eat food?
Yes, eat food,
we are fine. Will work. Let mom come now.
Mom was asking me to make something.
Look, he knows it.
What do you do? It is visible. Nothing. It
just keeps moving around like this. This just
arrived. Ok. He has not washed his hands and is not saying goodbye to everyone like this. He is
doing it like this. He is
wiping his hands and taking it.
These two look like brother and sister to me.
Scam Fill out the photo card. It's
on. The video is on.
Mother says that both are brother and sister.
Sneaking
So you're picky. This and these flatbreads [laughs]
guys, look here my mom is making
khichdi right now because the food is very bland, for so
many days our mom wants to
eat spicy food and along with mom I
also want to eat spicy food, we are
making tahri, we are making tahri, let's
see some recipe of tofu for dad, someone with tofu, here I am
making tofu and khichdi with gravy for dad and
look here I am making
these french fries in the air fryer, these are
some leftover french fries, so I am making these,
look here we have kept the french fries in the air fryer for
15 minutes. Look, this is
how it looks here. What are you making here
? Making popcorn popcorn. She is making the 'Thali'.
Lunch for everyone. Everything
will be done today. I will eat a lot today. I
know it's been so long, just look what time it is. It's 3:00.
And we haven't had our meal yet. I am
very hungry. And aunty is
making something like chilli doko over there. That day
he had not made chilli mushrooms. It was
made very tasty. Look what a
wonderful thing aunty has made. Wow, try it. It
looks fine in appearance. Now tell me dad, it feels
very dirty. It tastes
very similar to food. I'm liking it.
Wow,
look, Tahri [laughs], Tahri is speaking. Mom has
made it very hot. It is made very spicy.
But I am also eating tofu with Papa.
This is tofu. Tofu Does Kirti eat tofu
?
No. What is tofu called in the village?
I have heard this name for the first time. [laughs]
yes, so what are you
listening to, first
eat dal, rice, vegetables, roti,
this is our future mom, ah na tofu ka
Lakshmi, she is
not at peace, she is roaming here and there,
yes tell me, she is so fit and still the doctor was
saying that let's do the delivery,
then
Bhabhi, doctor,
you are becoming a mother, right, I am not becoming a mother, Bhabhi,
what was he saying, doctor, doctor,
nothing, there is a little less water in the stomach, he was saying the same thing. If there is a
good
reason then you will be admitted and a
caesarean will have to be done.
Yes yes that is what happens,
we will have a normal delivery. The
same thing happened to my sister-in-law also.
Yes, I stayed for four days and then it became normal.
Four days ago I had said that I would get a Caesarean section done. Then the
delivery became normal on the fourth day.
And our elder mother is also from the front. So elder
mother got the delivery done at home. It would fall at home [laughs].
Yes,
yes, we get the delivery done at home.
All the daughters-in-law there are delivering at home.
No, it has just happened, it has happened recently.
Now, six-seven months ago, a baby was born at home,
right?
Kaku literally, Ton Ton is also
dancing today on our Bhojpuri song. Were you doing this
[music]?
[laughs] You guys will
sit and we will also do something after that.
Look guys, it is 8 in the night right now and I have
come down after taking a little nap and everyone is
sitting here. Everyone is doing something or the other.
Look, Papa is ready with his luggage.
Aunty, show me what you have made today.
Soybean,
look, aunty has made this green soybean
vegetable. Wow, it's
not green. Not listening to the crazy people.
Hey mom, it is green. [laughter]
Hey, man, go your own way.
Look at the elders of the house, how they are standing in line there. There are people
lying like trains [laughs].
Yes.
Yes, like the train, what are these people watching? They must be
watching a movie. Didi,
what are all these
elders and old people of the house doing? [laughs]
Today, we all have decided that we will
not eat sitting at the dining table,
we will
sit down and eat in a round in the hall over there and after having a
nice round, we will also watch TV there.
Enough of the dining table rounds now.
Now we'll sit down and have a meeting over there.
Everyone will talk. This is happening for the
first time in our house
that all the elders and elders will eat together.
Otherwise, they eat it all first.
Old people [laughs]
These elders of our family used to
eat first and then we all used to eat, but
today is the first time that we all will
eat together. I, hey
fat man, why are you troubling him by going there, he has
a different thing, come on, he is
very much loved by aunty, now it has happened, he is
very much loved, aunty
hears everything about him,
look how aunty is laughing, did the roti sleep there
[laughs],
hey, come here, come here, what will happen in one,
where are you going upstairs, you are
not upstairs, don't sit here,
today everyone has to sit here together, they are
not watching this very seriously, whoever is
watching, some serious scene is going on, what is it,
look
what are you watching,
guys, right now we all have sat down to eat,
all the ladies because Baba and everyone has finished their food, take it
out,
Lakshmi didi, take
out the spoon, everyone will sit and eat
now. The
TV is on here and Billu has also come.
Billu, come here and walk.
Kavya is serving everyone here. Wow,
wow.
Hey,
give it to mom.
So tomorrow or day after tomorrow a new baby will come to our house
and I am going to become an aunt. So quickly
give lots of blessings to the new baby and
like this video. Don't forget to subscribe to the channel.
