Does every love story have the same old Does every love story have the same old Does every love story have the same old clichéd boy meets girl story clichéd boy meets girl story clichéd boy meets girl story or has Chennai Love Story or has Chennai Love Story or has Chennai Love Story played a new mind game in the name of romance? If played a new mind game in the name of romance? If played a new mind game in the name of romance? If you are thinking that it will be a cold romcom film you are thinking that it will be a cold romcom film you are thinking that it will be a cold romcom film then you might be wrong brother, so brother then you might be wrong brother, so brother then you might be wrong brother, so brother let us know what the reality is, so friends, let us know what the reality is, so friends, let us know what the reality is, so friends, everything is great, my name is Neeraj and I watched everything is great, my name is Neeraj and I watched everything is great, my name is Neeraj and I watched Chennai Love Story, if you like the video then do Chennai Love Story, if you like the video then do Chennai Love Story, if you like the video then do hype it by liking it, so brother, the hype it by liking it, so brother, the hype it by liking it, so brother, the story of this film revolves around a Navy woman who story of this film revolves around a Navy woman who story of this film revolves around a Navy woman who runs away from a heavy emotional trauma of her past and runs away from a heavy emotional trauma of her past and runs away from a heavy emotional trauma of her past and comes to Chennai.  Now here Bandi comes to Chennai.  Now here Bandi comes to Chennai.  Now here Bandi meets a boy named Steven meets a boy named Steven meets a boy named Steven who is a struggling guy with a never give up who is a struggling guy with a never give up who is a struggling guy with a never give up attitude.  Now here a attitude.  Now here a attitude.  Now here a broken girl whose heart is broken and a broken girl whose heart is broken and a broken girl whose heart is broken and a guy with big dreams, when these two guy with big dreams, when these two guy with big dreams, when these two meet each other, then brother life gives them a meet each other, then brother life gives them a meet each other, then brother life gives them a new chance.  So will there be a new new chance.  So will there be a new new chance.  So will there be a new heartbreak now?  So this story is heartbreak now?  So this story is heartbreak now?  So this story is not about love but not about love but not about love but it also it also it also explains [music] how to deal with one's past and trauma.  Now brother, the twists in the film explains [music] how to deal with one's past and trauma.  Now brother, the twists in the film explains [music] how to deal with one's past and trauma.  Now brother, the twists in the film come where you would come where you would come where you would not expect.  Now let's review this film. not expect.  Now let's review this film. not expect.  Now let's review this film. What's special and what's rubbish.   Whether What's special and what's rubbish.   Whether What's special and what's rubbish.   Whether this 28 hour film deserves time this 28 hour film deserves time this 28 hour film deserves time or not.  First of all, if we talk about the performance, or not.  First of all, if we talk about the performance, or not.  First of all, if we talk about the performance, both the actors have done a great both the actors have done a great both the actors have done a great job here.  On one hand, he has a job here.  On one hand, he has a job here.  On one hand, he has a dream of becoming a frustrated director, so dream of becoming a frustrated director, so dream of becoming a frustrated director, so whatever work the guy has done seems absolutely natural.   On whatever work the guy has done seems absolutely natural.   On whatever work the guy has done seems absolutely natural.   On the other hand, Shri Gauri has also done a great job. the other hand, Shri Gauri has also done a great job. the other hand, Shri Gauri has also done a great job. Brother, the prisoner is in a lot of trauma Brother, the prisoner is in a lot of trauma Brother, the prisoner is in a lot of trauma and when the prisoner speaks the dialogue, brother, and when the prisoner speaks the dialogue, brother, and when the prisoner speaks the dialogue, brother, you also start feeling pity for her.  The you also start feeling pity for her.  The you also start feeling pity for her.  The visuals and cinematography of the film are quite good.  The visuals and cinematography of the film are quite good.  The visuals and cinematography of the film are quite good.  The location of Chennai has been shown very well.  In location of Chennai has been shown very well.  In location of Chennai has been shown very well.  In other words, the other words, the other words, the warm tone of the film looks quite good.  Brother, the warm tone of the film looks quite good.  Brother, the warm tone of the film looks quite good.  Brother, the BGM of this film is the life of this film. BGM of this film is the life of this film. BGM of this film is the life of this film. Talking about hidden details, Steven as a Talking about hidden details, Steven as a Talking about hidden details, Steven as a struggling director, there are struggling director, there are struggling director, there are many such people roaming around in Chennai brother.