Is it done? Is it done? Is it done? What did you say?   The What did you say?   The What did you say?   The delivery has been done. delivery has been done. delivery has been done. Eat. Eat. Eat. What? What? What? Really Really Really eat it. eat it. eat it. What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened?   Come now, What happened?   Come now, What happened?   Come now, you will find out there.  Let us go. you will find out there.  Let us go. you will find out there.  Let us go. Hey, tell me guys, I am here right now, I have Hey, tell me guys, I am here right now, I have Hey, tell me guys, I am here right now, I have given saline to Bhabhi. given saline to Bhabhi. given saline to Bhabhi. Like I showed you.  Now it will take at Like I showed you.  Now it will take at Like I showed you.  Now it will take at least 4 to 5 hours for labor pain to start. least 4 to 5 hours for labor pain to start. least 4 to 5 hours for labor pain to start. So we haven't even eaten food.  So first of all So we haven't even eaten food.  So first of all So we haven't even eaten food.  So first of all we are going home now. we are going home now. we are going home now. Both elder mother and grandmother are staying here. Both elder mother and grandmother are staying here. Both elder mother and grandmother are staying here. And sister-in-law's mother is also And sister-in-law's mother is also And sister-in-law's mother is also coming here shortly.  Let's go.  Let's go then. coming here shortly.  Let's go.  Let's go then. What are some things the pilot needs to bring? What are some things the pilot needs to bring? What are some things the pilot needs to bring? Yes, I will come in the evening and will bring tiffin etc. Yes, I will come in the evening and will bring tiffin etc. Yes, I have to bring tiffin etc.   It is Yes, I have to bring tiffin etc.   It is Yes, I have to bring tiffin etc.   It is not necessary for everyone to sit there, right? not necessary for everyone to sit there, right? not necessary for everyone to sit there, right? Yes.   Right Yes.   Right Yes.   Right now there are already five or six of us.  So now there are already five or six of us.  So now there are already five or six of us.  So madam said that you go and come home at night. madam said that you go and come home at night. And the doctor recognized me. And the doctor recognized me. And the doctor recognized me. When Doctor Madam came, we were all there, When Doctor Madam came, we were all there, When Doctor Madam came, we were all there, five-six people were sitting there.  So five-six people were sitting there.  So five-six people were sitting there.  So the doctor is a good thief.  What did so many people the doctor is a good thief.  What did so many people the doctor is a good thief.  What did so many people go here to do? go here to do? go here to do? Yes, he was also watching.  Then he Yes, he was also watching.  Then he Yes, he was also watching.  Then he recognized me in it and said that he had seen me somewhere. recognized me in it and said that he had seen me somewhere. recognized me in it and said that he had seen me somewhere. Then he said, then I Then he said, then I Then he said, then I told him that 5 years ago, when Chiku baby was told him that 5 years ago, when Chiku baby was told him that 5 years ago, when Chiku baby was delivered here, you scolded me.   I delivered here, you scolded me.   I delivered here, you scolded me.   I scolded him loudly, that's why madam scolded him loudly, that's why madam scolded him loudly, that's why madam said, yes you scolded me, that's why you said, yes you scolded me, that's why you said, yes you scolded me, that's why you recognized me. recognized me. recognized me. Guys, look, we have left.  We Guys, look, we have left.  We Guys, look, we have left.  We went to the hospital at 10:00 in the morning and went to the hospital at 10:00 in the morning and went to the hospital at 10:00 in the morning and look what time it is now.  It's 4:30 in the evening look what time it is now.  It's 4:30 in the evening look what time it is now.  It's 4:30 in the evening and we're on our way home.   Will go and we're on our way home.   Will go and we're on our way home.   Will go home.  After taking bath and getting ready, home.  After taking bath and getting ready, home.  After taking bath and getting ready, we will go back to the hospital.  What are you saying?   I just got a we will go back to the hospital.  What are you saying?   I just got a we will go back to the hospital.  What are you saying?   I just got a call.  I also called. call.  I also called. call.  I also called. Bhabhi has started having some pains. Bhabhi has started having some pains. Bhabhi has started having some pains. So I don't have much time at home.   To So I don't have much time at home.   To So I don't have much time at home.   To quickly take a bath and take out the tiffin. quickly take a bath and take out the tiffin. quickly take a bath and take out the tiffin. Okay, right?  Will work.  Right now elder mother, grandmother, Okay, right?  Will work.  Right now elder mother, grandmother, Okay, right?  Will work.  Right now elder mother, grandmother, sister-in-law's mother and brother, everyone is sister-in-law's mother and brother, everyone is sister-in-law's mother and brother, everyone is in the hospital.  So we will take tiffin etc. in the hospital.  So we will take tiffin etc. in the hospital.  So we will take tiffin etc. Guys, look, we have reached home.  And Guys, look, we have reached home.  And Guys, look, we have reached home.  And who did we find here?  Cheekoo baby. who did we find here?  Cheekoo baby. who did we find here?  Cheekoo baby. Who broke this? Who broke this? Who broke this? Your words have flown away.   I Your words have flown away.   I Your words have flown away.   I broke the lock. broke the lock. broke the lock. Now I am going straight upstairs to take a bath. Now I am going straight upstairs to take a bath. Now I am going straight upstairs to take a bath. A Few Moments Later.  What happened?  What A Few Moments Later.  What happened?  What A Few Moments Later.  What happened?  What happened?   Hey, I have come after taking a bath. happened?   Hey, I have come after taking a bath. Normal delivery is probably going to happen in two hours. Normal delivery is probably going to happen in two hours. What? What? What? Yes, I just got a call.  His brother's Yes, I just got a call.  His brother's Yes, I just got a call.  His brother's name had come. name had come. name had come. Wow, excellent.  Normal delivery is taking place.   Let's see it now.  The Wow, excellent.  Normal delivery is taking place.   Let's see it now.  The Wow, excellent.  Normal delivery is taking place.   Let's see it now.  The doctor has said that there are doctor has said that there are doctor has said that there are more chances of normal delivery.  So just more chances of normal delivery.  So just more chances of normal delivery.  So just wait and watch.  So come on, eat something quickly. wait and watch.  So come on, eat something quickly. wait and watch.  So come on, eat something quickly. And take a bath here immediately. And take a bath here immediately. And take a bath here immediately. Yes, okay.  Let's go right away then.   It was Yes, okay.  Let's go right away then.   It was Yes, okay.  Let's go right away then.   It was good that I came and took a bath and went to take a bath. good that I came and took a bath and went to take a bath. good that I came and took a bath and went to take a bath. Go and take a bath quickly.  I just came and Go and take a bath quickly.  I just came and Go and take a bath quickly.  I just came and sat and had tea and immediately I got a call asking me to come.   No, it's sat and had tea and immediately I got a call asking me to come.   No, it's such a good thing, it means the such a good thing, it means the such a good thing, it means the baby will be in our hands in 2 hours.  Wow, baby will be in our hands in 2 hours.  Wow, baby will be in our hands in 2 hours.  Wow, look, we are drinking tea right now.  Papa is making look, we are drinking tea right now.  Papa is making look, we are drinking tea right now.  Papa is making some diet food for him. some diet food for him. some diet food for him. We will eat it and leave immediately. We will eat it and leave immediately. We will eat it and leave immediately. Come, you go and play. Come, you go and play. Come, you go and play. Yes, you go.  I am fasting. Yes, you go.  I am fasting. Yes, you go.  I am fasting. Ok. Ok. Ok. Are you fasting? Are you fasting? Are you fasting? Of what?   It is Of what?   It is Of what?   It is here, there is still time for mom to come. here, there is still time for mom to come. here, there is still time for mom to come. Kirti downstairs is hungry so I am Kirti downstairs is hungry so I am Kirti downstairs is hungry so I am making Maggi for her.  Homemade making Maggi for her.  Homemade making Maggi for her.  Homemade masala Maggi.  He likes it very much. masala Maggi.  He likes it very much. masala Maggi.  He likes it very much. Look guys, Maggi is being made and such a Look guys, Maggi is being made and such a Look guys, Maggi is being made and such a good Maggi is being made for the first time because it is good Maggi is being made for the first time because it is good Maggi is being made for the first time because it is made fast.  And I know how to made fast.  And I know how to made fast.  And I know how to cook more food.  I know how to cook vegetables etc. cook more food.  I know how to cook vegetables etc. cook more food.  I know how to cook vegetables etc. But mostly I But mostly I But mostly I make Maggi only.  So everyone thinks that I can make Maggi only.  So everyone thinks that I can make Maggi only.  So everyone thinks that I can only make Maggi.  Mummy dear, hi, only make Maggi.  Mummy dear, hi, only make Maggi.  Mummy dear, hi, what happened?  Wow, you what happened?  Wow, you what happened?  Wow, you look so beautiful. look so beautiful. look so beautiful. Look how beautiful our aunt looks in green saree.  You Look how beautiful our aunt looks in green saree.  You Look how beautiful our aunt looks in green saree.  You look like a green kebab. look like a green kebab. look like a green kebab. These are engagement earrings, right?  Wow, you These are engagement earrings, right?  Wow, you These are engagement earrings, right?  Wow, you look cool.  How are you doing? look cool.  How are you doing? look cool.  How are you doing? these clothes. these clothes. these clothes. Why are you carrying this? Why are you carrying this? Why are you carrying this? Hospital clothes are worn after delivery. Hospital clothes are worn after delivery. Hospital clothes are worn after delivery. Ok. Ok. Ok. Clothes made by cutting and chopping. Clothes made by cutting and chopping. Clothes made by cutting and chopping. Mom's was already ready. Mom's was already ready. Mom's was already ready. Mom made clothes by cutting and chopping like this.  That a Mom made clothes by cutting and chopping like this.  That a Mom made clothes by cutting and chopping like this.  That a lot of clothes are required in normal delivery. lot of clothes are required in normal delivery. lot of clothes are required in normal delivery. Sister, you are eating in the pan.  It will rain at your wedding. Sister, you are eating in the pan.  It will rain at your wedding. So let's come and see whether it rains or not So let's come and see whether it rains or not So let's come and see whether it rains or not ? ? ? Yes, I will come.   It's Yes, I will come.   It's Yes, I will come.   It's good, we will go back by 12:00.   I am good, we will go back by 12:00.   I am good, we will go back by 12:00.   I am not going to go. not going to go. not going to go. How can you not go like this?  Will go.   If the How can you not go like this?  Will go.   If the How can you not go like this?  Will go.   If the auspicious time is there then we will go only after getting married. auspicious time is there then we will go only after getting married. auspicious time is there then we will go only after getting married. Hey, sit quietly.  Do one thing. Hey, sit quietly.  Do one thing. Hey, sit quietly.  Do one thing. Where is your mobile?   It's Where is your mobile?   It's Where is your mobile?   It's above. above. above. Go quickly and bring the mobile.  Run, run Go quickly and bring the mobile.  Run, run Go quickly and bring the mobile.  Run, run quickly. quickly. quickly. What happened?   Go What happened?   Go What happened?   Go quickly. quickly. quickly. Is the delivery done? Is the delivery done? Is the delivery done? What did you say?   Is What did you say?   Is What did you say?   Is the delivery done? the delivery done? the delivery done? Yes.  What Yes.  What Yes.  What is true?   Please is true?   Please is true?   Please eat. eat. eat. What happened? What happened? What happened? What happened?   Come now, What happened?   Come now, What happened?   Come now, you will find out there.  Let us go. you will find out there.  Let us go. you will find out there.  Let us go. Tell. Tell. Tell. Hey, tell me otherwise I will keep getting the clothes ready. Hey, tell me otherwise I will keep getting the clothes ready. Hey, tell me otherwise I will keep getting the clothes ready. Come on, come on, it's done.  The delivery has been done.  Normal Come on, come on, it's done.  The delivery has been done.  Normal Come on, come on, it's done.  The delivery has been done.  Normal delivery took place. delivery took place. delivery took place. Come on, come on, come on, Come on, come on, come on, Come on, come on, come on, quickly, quickly. I don't want to spoil that experience for you.  After I don't want to spoil that experience for you.  After I don't want to spoil that experience for you.  After saying all this, you go and saying all this, you go and saying all this, you go and see here and there.  Yes? see here and there.  Yes? see here and there.  Yes? Yes.   Is Yes.   Is Yes.   Is it done?  Yes, I had just left it. it done?  Yes, I had just left it. it done?  Yes, I had just left it. We had just arrived.  Okay, isn't it good, We had just arrived.  Okay, isn't it good, We had just arrived.  Okay, isn't it good, Kirti, the delivery has taken place? Yes, isn't it Kirti, the delivery has taken place? Yes, isn't it Kirti, the delivery has taken place? Yes, isn't it really? really? really? Yes, you have become an aunt. Now, whether you are the aunt of a boy Yes, you have become an aunt. Now, whether you are the aunt of a boy Yes, you have become an aunt. Now, whether you are the aunt of a boy or a girl, I don't know. We'll find out once we get or a girl, I don't know. We'll find out once we get or a girl, I don't know. We'll find out once we get there. Come on, come on, come on, let's go there. Come on, come on, come on, let's go quickly. Kirti, let me tell you, then, tell me, are you the aunt of a boy or a girl? What do you think? Let's guess. Let's say, boy, girl, girl, girl. Yes, I am a girl. Say, I'm not going to tell you quickly. quickly. Kirti, let me tell you, then, tell me, are you the aunt of a boy or a girl? What do you think? Let's guess. Let's say, boy, girl, girl, girl. Yes, I am a girl. Say, I'm not going to tell you quickly. Hey, tell me, Papa, is it a Hey, tell me, Papa, is it a Hey, tell me, Papa, is it a boy or a girl? According to that, boy, boy or a girl? According to that, boy, boy or a girl? According to that, boy, boy, you are a girl, boy, you are a girl, boy, you are a girl, boy. boy. boy. Okay, guys, wait, I will Okay, guys, wait, I will Okay, guys, wait, I will tell you what happened before they do. You get tell you what happened before they do. You get tell you what happened before they do. You get in the car. in the car. in the car. Hey, tell me the truth, Papa, what happened? If Hey, tell me the truth, Papa, what happened? If Hey, tell me the truth, Papa, what happened? If not, then tell me. Come on, sit. We'll find out only after we get there. not, then tell me. Come on, sit. We'll find out only after we get there. Yes, come on, come on, come on, come on, Yes, come on, come on, come on, come on, but what about the children, only Mom and Dad will but what about the children, only Mom and Dad will but what about the children, only Mom and Dad will tell. Whether it was a boy or a girl, they will reveal it. tell. Whether it was a boy or a girl, they will reveal it. tell. Whether it was a boy or a girl, they will reveal it. Close the gate. It's a Close the gate. It's a Close the gate. It's a boy, I mean, what happened to me? It's like this. boy, I mean, what happened to me? It's like this. Maybe Dad is so happy, Maybe Dad is so happy, Maybe Dad is so happy, right? He'll be right? He'll be right? He'll be happy if it's a girl, right? Dad, happy if it's a girl, right? Dad, happy if it's a girl, right? Dad, Dad will be doubly happy if it's a girl. Dad will be doubly happy if it's a girl. Dad will be doubly happy if it's a girl. I'll be doubly happy if it's a girl. I'll be doubly happy if it's a girl. I'll be doubly happy if it's a girl. Yes, so it means you are doubly happy, I Yes, so it means you are doubly happy, I Yes, so it means you are doubly happy, I mean, a girl.  This has happened mean, a girl.  This has happened mean, a girl.  This has happened [screaming sound] if sister doesn't come I will [screaming sound] if sister doesn't come I will [screaming sound] if sister doesn't come I will become an aunt, right now we are become an aunt, right now we are become an aunt, right now we are not just guessing, we will go there and not just guessing, we will go there and not just guessing, we will go there and directly ask mom and dad what has directly ask mom and dad what has directly ask mom and dad what has happened, the baby's mom and dad will be very happy happened, the baby's mom and dad will be very happy happened, the baby's mom and dad will be very happy and at first we thought it was going to be a caesarean, and at first we thought it was going to be a caesarean, and at first we thought it was going to be a caesarean, then later we came to know that it was a then later we came to know that it was a then later we came to know that it was a normal delivery, so we are even more normal delivery, so we are even more normal delivery, so we are even more happy that finally a normal delivery is taking place. happy that finally a normal delivery is taking place. happy that finally a normal delivery is taking place. What will you take from brother now? What will you take from brother now? Tell me what will you take in return?   Did Tell me what will you take in return?   Did Tell me what will you take in return?   Did n't you tell me about the n't you tell me about the n't you tell me about the gold necklace around your neck? gold necklace around your neck? gold necklace around your neck? Hey friend, no defeat, no peace.   She will Hey friend, no defeat, no peace.   She will Hey friend, no defeat, no peace.   She will wear a gold chain.  Wow, excellent.  I will have to wear a gold chain.  Wow, excellent.  I will have to wear a gold chain.  Wow, excellent.  I will have to think.  We think.  We think.  We also have to buy clothes for the baby.  The doctor has said that you should bring also have to buy clothes for the baby.  The doctor has said that you should bring also have to buy clothes for the baby.  The doctor has said that you should bring all the clothes etc. and you should also all the clothes etc. and you should also all the clothes etc. and you should also take sweets.  Now since Papa has not told us what take sweets.  Now since Papa has not told us what take sweets.  Now since Papa has not told us what happened, we will take both Jalebi and happened, we will take both Jalebi and happened, we will take both Jalebi and Peda. Peda. Peda. Hold it from here. Hold it from here. Hold it from here. Look, this is a complete set of clothes for the new born baby. Look, this is a complete set of clothes for the new born baby. Look, this is a complete set of clothes for the new born baby. Look, Look, Look, mom is buying one more cloth for daily use. mom is buying one more cloth for daily use. mom is buying one more cloth for daily use. Wow and full flus are there.  That was also visible. Wow and full flus are there.  That was also visible. Wow and full flus are there.  That was also visible. This is so cute.  Wow This is so cute.  Wow This is so cute.  Wow mom, this blue color looks good. mom, this blue color looks good. mom, this blue color looks good. Well, Well, Well, both of these are both of these are both of these are full size full size full size pants. pants. pants. Guys, you know my sources have Guys, you know my sources have Guys, you know my sources have already told me what has happened. already told me what has happened. already told me what has happened. Both of them don't know. By the way, Guys, Both of them don't know. By the way, Guys, Both of them don't know. By the way, Guys, I have bought so many clothes, I am I have bought so many clothes, I am I have bought so many clothes, I am very happy. very happy. very happy. Yes, I bought a complete set and Mummy has bought the remaining three-four. Come on, come on, quickly, Yes, I bought a complete set and Mummy has bought the remaining three-four. Come on, come on, quickly, quickly, we have to buy sweets also. Our grandmother is quickly, we have to buy sweets also. Our grandmother is quickly, we have to buy sweets also. Our grandmother is very happy, isn't she? Guys, very happy, isn't she? Guys, very happy, isn't she? Guys, in this happiness, I quickly selected the clothes also, in this happiness, I quickly selected the clothes also, in this happiness, I quickly selected the clothes also, bought everything and in our bought everything and in our bought everything and in our place, we make our children wear old clothes, but place, we make our children wear old clothes, but place, we make our children wear old clothes, but right now the children don't have old clothes, so right now the children don't have old clothes, so right now the children don't have old clothes, so I am buying new ones right now.  I I am buying new ones right now.  I I am buying new ones right now.  I will sprinkle some water on it and wear it. will sprinkle some water on it and wear it. will sprinkle some water on it and wear it. Because the doctor said to bring new clothes.   Do Because the doctor said to bring new clothes.   Do n't take the old one. n't take the old one. n't take the old one. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mom is bringing the stuff from there.  Till then let Mom is bringing the stuff from there.  Till then let Mom is bringing the stuff from there.  Till then let us have some sweets. us have some sweets. us have some sweets. Wow, there are so many sweets.  We have bought half a kilo of Wow, there are so many sweets.  We have bought half a kilo of Wow, there are so many sweets.  We have bought half a kilo of Peda.  I have bought half a kilo of jalebi. Peda.  I have bought half a kilo of jalebi. Peda.  I have bought half a kilo of jalebi. Hurry up brother.  Let's go guys.  We have Hurry up brother.  Let's go guys.  We have Hurry up brother.  Let's go guys.  We have also taken sweets.  Now let's sit down also taken sweets.  Now let's sit down also taken sweets.  Now let's sit down and leave.  Quickly, quickly, enter, enter, and leave.  Quickly, quickly, enter, enter, and leave.  Quickly, quickly, enter, enter, enter, enter, enter, guys, we have enter, enter, enter, guys, we have enter, enter, enter, guys, we have reached the hospital.  Let's go inside.  I reached the hospital.  Let's go inside.  I reached the hospital.  Let's go inside.  I feel like running away and flying away. feel like running away and flying away. feel like running away and flying away. Come on, let's take a Come on, let's take a Come on, let's take a last guess. last guess. last guess. What about the What about the What about the boy and girl, I am at both their homes, congratulations brother.  Take this and eat the sweets. Go and see us upstairs first oh well Go and see us upstairs first oh well Go and see us upstairs first oh well done he has become a done he has become a done he has become a father, take father, take father, take this I will eat I am going to eat a lot eat I am going to eat a lot eat I am going to eat a lot how is Laxmi how is Laxmi how is Laxmi she is doing well she is doing well I am going to see the doctor okay okay she is doing well she is doing well I am going to see the doctor okay okay go and go and go and see the doctor see the doctor see the doctor yes here you go upstairs and see this she has yes here you go upstairs and see this she has yes here you go upstairs and see this she has become an aunt you are my become an aunt you are my become an aunt you are my elder aunt oh show me too show oh show me too show oh show me too show me too me too me too hi hi hi slowly slowly I am slowly slowly I am slowly slowly I am looking at mama Laxmi looking at mama Laxmi looking at mama Laxmi [sound of clearing throat] are you [sound of clearing throat] are you [sound of clearing throat] are you happy I was happy I was happy I was laughing seeing mama laughing seeing mama laughing seeing mama yes yes yes mama no mama no mama no no I am looking at grandma oh hi hi no I am looking at grandma oh hi hi baby baby baby nothing okay okay okay no no don't let us nothing okay okay okay no no don't let us nothing okay okay okay no no don't let us hear my voice hear my voice hear my voice hi I am laughing laughing laughing how cute is his how cute is his how cute is his voice he was voice he was shouting very loudly shouting very loudly shouting very loudly I heard then come Amma knows I heard then come Amma knows I heard then come Amma knows cool it down further here cool it down further here cool it down further here take all the water Sanjana feed me only a little didi your feed me only a little didi your feed me only a little didi your wish has been fulfilled just look wish has been fulfilled just look wish has been fulfilled just look kids who is this [screaming sound] dada go to kids who is this [screaming sound] dada go to kids who is this [screaming sound] dada go to sleep sleep sleep papa is telling everyone to sleep take this ah papa is telling everyone to sleep take this ah now the now the now the doctor has told me to go take this oh don't cry is the cry is the cry is the tension over  I just went to him, I tension over  I just went to him, I tension over  I just went to him, I saw how he is laughing, saw how he is laughing, saw how he is laughing, it's okay, move aside, okay, move aside, okay, move aside, now let grandma sit, grandma, now let grandma sit, grandma, now let grandma sit, grandma, grandma, grandma, grandma, mummy, how are you feeling, my hands and legs are mummy, how are you feeling, my hands and legs are mummy, how are you feeling, my hands and legs are trembling, what trembling, what trembling, what happened, he recognizes me, he happened, he recognizes me, he happened, he recognizes me, he recognizes my voice. recognizes my voice. recognizes my voice. How are you?   To me, she looks a little bit like Lakshmi.   It must be me, she looks a little bit like Lakshmi.   It must be like everyone else like everyone else like everyone else this is from the hand.   Not this is from the hand.   Not this is from the hand.   Not much, not much son. much, not much son. much, not much son. Okay, Okay, Okay, we'll wear our clothes later. Those who live nearby, please Those who live nearby, please Those who live nearby, please bring two bowls. bring two bowls. bring two bowls. I brought it here.  Yes, I brought it here.  Yes, I brought it here.  Yes, elder mother, I am taking the baby, what should I do, I am elder mother, I am taking the baby, what should I do, I am taking her now, I need your first dose, I will check in Hindi, hey, will you check for the delivery, did you know check in Hindi, hey, will you check for the delivery, did you know check in Hindi, hey, will you check for the delivery, did you know what all did you buy for the baby, what all did you buy for the baby, what all did you buy for the baby, mosquito net and this baby bag is good to hold the baby, it is great, mosquito net and this baby bag is good to hold the baby, it is great, mosquito net and this baby bag is good to hold the baby, it is great, okay okay okay keep it, keep it, we will go to the hospital now, I had keep it, keep it, we will go to the hospital now, I had keep it, keep it, we will go to the hospital now, I had come to the market specially for this, guys, I have just come, I would have given come to the market specially for this, guys, I have just come, I would have given come to the market specially for this, guys, I have just come, I would have given this for the baby near the hospital. this for the baby near the hospital. Because it's so cool, right? Because it's so cool, right? Because it's so cool, right? Yes, I had a strong desire to buy this for Chiku Yes, I had a strong desire to buy this for Chiku Yes, I had a strong desire to buy this for Chiku but my wish is getting fulfilled today. but my wish is getting fulfilled today. but my wish is getting fulfilled today. So I wouldn't be able to get it like this on my time. So I wouldn't be able to get it like this on my time. So I wouldn't be able to get it like this on my time. This was during your time.  This one was there but this one who was This was during your time.  This one was there but this one who was This was during your time.  This one was there but this one who was holding the baby was not there.  Ok.   Let's bring it. holding the baby was not there.  Ok.   Let's bring it. Look, Kavya is running ahead of everyone. Look, Kavya is running ahead of everyone. Look, Kavya is running ahead of everyone. Yes, I am very excited. Tell me the number, Papa, I am telling you the number. Come here and take the stuff. Come here and take the stuff. Come here and take the stuff. Look what grandma brought. Look what grandma brought. Look what grandma brought. Grandma is at home and she is doing so much for her grandson, Grandma is at home and she is doing so much for her grandson, Grandma is at home and she is doing so much for her grandson, now let's put this one like this, make another one, another one, another one, make it little by little, so the make it little by little, so the child can be kept in this, child can be kept in this, child can be kept in this, yes it will be fine and there is a net for it, he will yes it will be fine and there is a net for it, he will yes it will be fine and there is a net for it, he will pee in it, so pee in it, so pee in it, so what will happen, mosquitoes will not bite him, what will happen, mosquitoes will not bite him, mosquitoes will not bite him mosquitoes will not bite him mosquitoes will not bite him and after packing it in this, and after packing it in this, this one can be given in this to take it outside to the hospital etc.  In this, there this one can be given in this to take it outside to the hospital etc.  In this, there this one can be given in this to take it outside to the hospital etc.  In this, there is this mosquito net in it, do is this mosquito net in it, do we have to we have to we have to pack the mosquito net in it and then put it in it?   No no, pack the mosquito net in it and then put it in it?   No no, pack the mosquito net in it and then put it in it?   No no, first we have to go first we have to go first we have to go then we have to pack, then we have to pack, then we have to pack, so we have so we have so we have brought blue things to pack, I have brought blue things to pack, I have brought blue things to pack, I have brought all the blue things, I have brought blue things for the baby, it will not brought all the blue things, I have brought blue things for the baby, it will not stay there, put it to sleep, it is stay there, put it to sleep, it is not affected by mosquitoes, not affected by mosquitoes, not affected by mosquitoes, no no no [laughs] he is sleeping, he has been sleeping, he has been sleeping, he has been drinking milk since he came, drinking milk since he came, drinking milk since he came, yes Dhutiiya, it yes Dhutiiya, it yes Dhutiiya, it is fine, then he must be is fine, then he must be is fine, then he must be tired, staying inside in the tired, staying inside in the tired, staying inside in the lap [sound of clearing throat], that happens a lap [sound of clearing throat], that happens a lap [sound of clearing throat], that happens a lot.  Let him sleep now. lot.  Let him sleep now. lot.  Let him sleep now. Here Here Here he has trouble in his eyes due to this light. Well, the Well, the Well, the light is here. light is here. light is here. Yes. See.   Let us go. See.   Let us go. See.   Let us go. Three would have been his.   Of Three would have been his.   Of Three would have been his.   Of Lalu, Golu, Gullu. Lalu, Golu, Gullu. Lalu, Golu, Gullu. Yes. Yes. Yes. Now his brother has also come. Now his brother has also come. Now his brother has also come. Brother to tie Rakhi.   Will get Brother to tie Rakhi.   Will get Brother to tie Rakhi.   Will get Rakhi made.  [Laughter] Rakhi made.  [Laughter] Rakhi made.  [Laughter] What that doctor was saying just now was that the What that doctor was saying just now was that the What that doctor was saying just now was that the whole of India will cut the cake for this.   Will whole of India will cut the cake for this.   Will whole of India will cut the cake for this.   Will bite.   It bite.   It bite.   It happened on 15th August, right?   No no, there happened on 15th August, right?   No no, there happened on 15th August, right?   No no, there is no tension.  Look, this is the same person is no tension.  Look, this is the same person is no tension.  Look, this is the same person who was there at the time of Chiku Baby.  So who was there at the time of Chiku Baby.  So who was there at the time of Chiku Baby.  So they recognized us immediately. they recognized us immediately. they recognized us immediately. And he had handed over Chiku Baby to us. And he had handed over Chiku Baby to us. Today I felt very happy. Today I felt very happy. Today I felt very happy. Now I have taken great care of our child also. Now I have taken great care of our child also. Now I have taken great care of our child also. Ok.  [laughs] Don't stay, don't stay, doesn't stay, don't stay, doesn't stay, don't stay, doesn't every family have something or the other? Yes, every family have something or the other? Yes, every family have something or the other? Yes, what is it like between husband and wife, all that bickering keeps happening, what is it like between husband and wife, all that bickering keeps happening, I will treat them all, don't worry, yes [laughs] whatever I did to them, I I will treat them all, don't worry, yes [laughs] whatever I did to them, I I will treat them all, don't worry, yes [laughs] whatever I did to them, I corrected the crooked ones, did I corrected the crooked ones, did I corrected the crooked ones, did I straighten them or not, yes I did, yes straighten them or not, yes I did, yes everyone will become straight, everyone will become straight, everyone will become straight, yes yes yes whoever is crooked in the family, I will straighten everyone, they have done a whoever is crooked in the family, I will straighten everyone, they have done a whoever is crooked in the family, I will straighten everyone, they have done a lot for me, let me lot for me, let me lot for me, let me also massage their feet, two minutes less, oh no no, I will not do all that, I will not do all that, also massage their feet, two minutes less, oh no no, I will not do all that, I will not do all that, yes, don't worry, Kirti, we will yes, don't worry, Kirti, we will yes, don't worry, Kirti, we will treat everyone, we will treat everyone, there are some treat everyone, we will treat everyone, there are some treat everyone, we will treat everyone, there are some ups ups ups and downs in the family, some or the other thing keeps happening, I do and downs in the family, some or the other thing keeps happening, I do and downs in the family, some or the other thing keeps happening, I do n't know whether we will treat the husband or wife, who will n't know whether we will treat the husband or wife, who will n't know whether we will treat the husband or wife, who will you cry, you cry, you cry, why should I cry, why should I cry, why should I cry, I am sitting here [laughs] it's I am sitting here [laughs] it's I am sitting here [laughs] it's badi because our badi because our badi because our Badi Maa should cry, Badi Maa should cry, Badi Maa should cry, I can't stop myself, there is I can't stop myself, there is I can't stop myself, there is Badi Maa, how can you cry, Badi Maa, how can you cry, Badi Maa, how can you cry, Badi Maa, do Badi Maa, do Badi Maa, do n't cry [laughs] come on, let it go, it's raining, give me food too, who knows, it's raining, give me food too, who knows, it's raining, give me food too, who knows, it's raining, feed Mummy, raining, feed Mummy, raining, feed Mummy, oh look, it hurts oh look, it hurts oh look, it hurts Go, don't worry.  The grandson is waiting. Go, don't worry.  The grandson is waiting. Go, don't worry.  The grandson is waiting. Go inside.   He is Go inside.   He is Go inside.   He is sleeping. You don't have anything You don't have anything hmm.