Hi girls. Good morning. It is Monday
morning. It's actually 11:45 a.m. But I
didn't get out of my workout until like
10:30. And then I went and did some
lymphatic drainage this morning at the
wellness center in my apartment. So it
was a pretty stacked morning. I'm
getting like started on my day a little
bit later cuz I feel like I had a pretty
productive morning. I am currently
headed to my old apartment to pick up
some packages. My old neighbor texted me
the other day and was like, "Hey, you
need to come because you have so many."
So, headed over there to do that. I will
see you guys back at my current
apartment. I just got back home, took a
quick shower, changed into some comfy
clothes. I realized that I haven't
switched out my affirmation of the week.
So, Intelligent Change is the brand.
They are the ones that do the 5-minute
journal. They sent me like this book and
like little stand of affirmation cards
and I literally love it. I change it
once a week like every Monday and I just
like set my intention for the week. So
many different ones. There's more in the
box, but this week's is going to be I am
safe and protected everywhere I go. All
is well. Anyways, I am about to make
some lunch. I almost said breakfast, but
I'm about to make some lunch. I am going
to show y'all this recipe because it is
one of my favorites. I make it probably
two to three times a month. It's so
good. I always end up eating the entire
thing like throughout the course of the
few days that it's left in the fridge.
It's a recipe that Paige Laoren, who is
one of my favorite YouTubers, posted on
Tik Tok a while ago. And I saw it and I
was like, that actually looks really
good. I'm not a huge chicken salad
person. I tried this one. I am now a
huge chicken salad person. It's really
good. It's high protein, lots of good
vegetables in it. I'm going to show you
guys how I make the best Greek crunchy
chicken salad. I like to start with
three stocks of celery just because I
like mine to have a good crunch.
Next is red bell pepper.
Red bell pepper is genuinely one of my
favorite foods, so this is like heaven
for me.
three mini English cucumbers. These like
come in a bag at Whole Foods, so I
always get the little bags.
Cutting in the onion. Only thing left is
pickles and then obviously the chicken
and then everything. But like this is
the last thing to chop. We'll do
two and then [music] like this little
mini one.
I just chopped up a chicken breast. So
now adding that into the mix.
That looks perfect.
Some salt and pepper.
A little bit of Dijon mustard.
scoop of Greek yogurt.
Cupqai mayo. I think I'm saying that
right. It's like Japanese mayo
and a little bit of pickle juice.
We're going to start with two. I washed
four just in case I'm still hungry. But
these look incredible. It's literally
like a chicken salad taco. It's so good.
This is my death row lunch meal. So
good. And I'll keep it in the fridge for
the next few days and eat it for lunch
throughout this week. So good, so easy,
and very healthy. Okay, update. I
actually don't think that I'm going to
open all of these today because I really
don't want to have to take all of the
boxes to the trash shoot. And I have
some more computer work that I need to
do this afternoon. So, I'm going to be
on the couch chilling for a little bit
while I'm working on that. I just made
some spearmint tea. Spearmint tea. This
is my favorite tea for skin health. So
good for hormonal acne especially, but
also just acne in general. I'm going to
sit on the couch, watch some TV in the
background while I do my computer work,
and drink my tea. With that being said,
since I'm not opening all of them today,
I did see this box.
I have seen these all over for months.
Honestly, like over a year at this
point. I feel like they've been popular
for so long. Oh my god. I was scared
that they were going to send me like one
with like stars on it or like some
random color. They clearly looked at my
account because this is going to match
my whole apartment and my bed perfectly.
Okay, it is really soft. I'm not even
going to lie to you guys. It's like a
beige, like cream off-white beige color.
It's beautiful and it's so freaking
soft. I actually cannot believe. I kind
of thought everyone was just like
exaggerating, but apparently not. Okay,
well, you guys know where I will be.
I just finished opening everything.
There is now boxes and trash everywhere.
I spared y'all from the whole unboxing
situation because I feel like that would
have made this video 45 minutes long.
So, I'm just going to highlight some of
my favorite products that I received in
the mail this week. Starting off, I
literally used the Salt Air body lotion
in like the last clip of me in the
bathroom. That was the Salt Air body
lotion. They just sent me the body scrub
and I took the lid off and smelled this
and it smells absolutely amazing. I love
Salt Air so much. They have honestly
some of like the best quality products
in my opinion and it's really not an
expensive brand which I love cuz it
makes it more accessible for a lot of
people. Next up, very exciting. I got
restocks on all of the Real Actives
products. I love the makeup remover
cleansing balm and the mandelic acid.
Both of these products are amazing.
Okay. And then as y'all saw all of the
Makeup by Mario stuff, there is so many
different products that they sent me,
but wanted to highlight the setting
spray because this is one of my favorite
setting sprays of all time. And then
last but not least, this is a brand.
It's called Agent Nur.
I don't know how you pronounce it. I
don't remember. I think it's Nure, but
the founder of this did a podcast a
while ago that I listened to and she was
basically just talking about like all of
the harmful things that are in like our
skincare and things. It's a very
intentional ingredient list. They sent
me three packs of the marine collagen.
And then this is what I was like hoping
and very excited to try from them. It's
the holy growth. I have heard nothing
but amazing things about this product
and I am so excited to finally get my
hands on it. The rest of the day is
basically going to be spent cleaning up
because if you guys could see the mess
that is my apartment right now from
opening everything, you would probably
freak out. Anyways, I will talk to y'all
a little later. Hi girls. It's now
Wednesday. Obviously, I just took a
shower and washed my hair, so I'm about
to blow it out. My hairdresser gave me
this Ora Hair Alchemy Bond Building
Elixir last time I was there, so last
week. and I haven't tried it yet, but
I'm going to try it today. I did a hair
mask today. I love the Ollex weightless
one and they sent me a restock
yesterday. Oh my god, and my hair feels
so soft. I've been sitting in a towel
for like the last 45 minutes. But it
feels really good and I love it when my
hair feels soft after I wash it and it
doesn't feel like dry from the water,
you know? I'm just going to do like a
rough blowd [clears throat] dry today. I
don't need it to be styled or anything
like that. It's so gross outside. It's
actually like beautiful day temperature-
wise, but it is so cloudy and dark. It's
like 2:30 p.m. and it looks like it's
7:30. Have a team call at 5 tonight. And
I think I'm going to eat dinner before
that because I haven't had like a big
meal today. It's now like 2:30, so I
don't feel like eating like a big lunch
and then making dinner at like 8:00 p.m.
cuz I don't like going to bed too full.
I'm making vodka pasta with ground beef
because a vodka pasta is one of my
favorite foods like literally of all
time, but I do like to incorporate some
protein in it. It's kind of like a vodka
bolognese type situation. I wish y'all
could smell my hair right now because it
smells heavenly. I was hoping to have a
productive afternoon, but it is so
gloomy and it's been raining on and off
and like whenever it's this weather, I
just don't want to leave my house. So,
I've been on the couch watching Netflix,
but now it's time to clean up. I need to
do some laundry. I need to put some
products away. I need to clean my
bathroom. There's just a bunch of
different little things that need to be
done. I was planning on going to the
grocery store today, but I think for
dinner tonight, I'm just going to have
the vodka pasta, leftover vodka pasta
from last night. So, this afternoon
slash evening is going to be cleaning,
cooking, and relaxing. Just chilling,
enjoying watching the rain and hanging
out in my apartment.
Good morning. I just got out of my
Pilates class and I'm headed to go get a
coffee. I normally do energy drinks, but
this morning I woke up and was like,
"Coffee sounds really good." So, we're
going to go to Duncan. It's like a solid
10, 15 minuteish drive. So, I like going
there because I can listen to my
podcast, listen to music, and just like
drive around. I love love love driving.
So, my car wash membership is pretty
close to it and there's just like stuff
all over my car. Even though it's been
raining and it's probably still going to
rain again today, I think I am going to
run through it. I have the unlimited
membership, so I feel like there's
really no harm in just washing my car.
Like I said yesterday, I need to get my
nails done at some point today and also
go to the grocery store to get some
stuff for dinner tonight and just for
the weekend ahead. But anyways, right
now, first priority is coffee. Can I get
a medium iced butter pecan and blueberry
latte?
Okay, update. It's been a few hours and
I went and got my toes done, but they
were super busy, so they said it would
be better for me to come back and get my
nails done tomorrow. Ignore Giggly Squad
in the background. So, I have an
appointment tomorrow morning to get my
nails done. Every time I go, though, I
get the same color on my toes as my
hands, and I got red on my toes. So, I'm
officially locked into Red for tomorrow
morning, but Blake is on his way to pick
me up right now, and we are going to go
to the grocery store and get some stuff
for dinner. If you don't live in Texas,
you probably have literally no idea what
Central Market is, but it's like Whole
Foods on steroids. It's the best grocery
store in the entire world. So, we're
going to go there, get a bunch of good
stuff. I need to get some restocks as
well, just for today, the weekend, and a
little bit into next week. That's going
to be the plan for the evening. It is
4:40 right now and I'm so hungry. So, I
think I'm going to try and make this
grocery trip a little bit quick so I can
make dinner and eat dinner a little
sooner. That's everything that we have
going on this evening.
Yeah, to say that I feel like a new
woman is an understatement. Nothing
beats the feeling of a fresh red nail. I
don't know what the science is about it.
There needs to be like a scientific
study because automatically I feel a
million times hotter than I did before.
I just got in my car and my tire
pressure notification just came up. So,
I'm now going to go to Discount Tire and
get some air in my tire. This was the
only thing really on my list for my
Saturday, but genuinely the best feeling
in the entire world. I love it. Fresh
highlights from last week and a fresh
red nail from today.
10 out of 10.
