Hi girls. Good morning. It is Monday Hi girls. Good morning. It is Monday Hi girls. Good morning. It is Monday morning. It's actually 11:45 a.m. But I morning. It's actually 11:45 a.m. But I morning. It's actually 11:45 a.m. But I didn't get out of my workout until like didn't get out of my workout until like didn't get out of my workout until like 10:30. And then I went and did some 10:30. And then I went and did some 10:30. And then I went and did some lymphatic drainage this morning at the lymphatic drainage this morning at the lymphatic drainage this morning at the wellness center in my apartment. So it wellness center in my apartment. So it wellness center in my apartment. So it was a pretty stacked morning. I'm was a pretty stacked morning. I'm was a pretty stacked morning. I'm getting like started on my day a little getting like started on my day a little getting like started on my day a little bit later cuz I feel like I had a pretty bit later cuz I feel like I had a pretty bit later cuz I feel like I had a pretty productive morning. I am currently productive morning. I am currently productive morning. I am currently headed to my old apartment to pick up headed to my old apartment to pick up headed to my old apartment to pick up some packages. My old neighbor texted me some packages. My old neighbor texted me some packages. My old neighbor texted me the other day and was like, "Hey, you the other day and was like, "Hey, you the other day and was like, "Hey, you need to come because you have so many." need to come because you have so many." need to come because you have so many." So, headed over there to do that. I will So, headed over there to do that. I will So, headed over there to do that. I will see you guys back at my current see you guys back at my current see you guys back at my current apartment. I just got back home, took a apartment. I just got back home, took a apartment. I just got back home, took a quick shower, changed into some comfy quick shower, changed into some comfy quick shower, changed into some comfy clothes. I realized that I haven't clothes. I realized that I haven't clothes. I realized that I haven't switched out my affirmation of the week. switched out my affirmation of the week. switched out my affirmation of the week. So, Intelligent Change is the brand. So, Intelligent Change is the brand. So, Intelligent Change is the brand. They are the ones that do the 5-minute They are the ones that do the 5-minute They are the ones that do the 5-minute journal. They sent me like this book and journal. They sent me like this book and journal. They sent me like this book and like little stand of affirmation cards like little stand of affirmation cards like little stand of affirmation cards and I literally love it. I change it and I literally love it. I change it and I literally love it. I change it once a week like every Monday and I just once a week like every Monday and I just once a week like every Monday and I just like set my intention for the week. So like set my intention for the week. So like set my intention for the week. So many different ones. There's more in the many different ones. There's more in the many different ones. There's more in the box, but this week's is going to be I am box, but this week's is going to be I am box, but this week's is going to be I am safe and protected everywhere I go. All safe and protected everywhere I go. All safe and protected everywhere I go. All is well. Anyways, I am about to make is well. Anyways, I am about to make is well. Anyways, I am about to make some lunch. I almost said breakfast, but some lunch. I almost said breakfast, but some lunch. I almost said breakfast, but I'm about to make some lunch. I am going I'm about to make some lunch. I am going I'm about to make some lunch. I am going to show y'all this recipe because it is to show y'all this recipe because it is to show y'all this recipe because it is one of my favorites. I make it probably one of my favorites. I make it probably one of my favorites. I make it probably two to three times a month. It's so two to three times a month. It's so two to three times a month. It's so good. I always end up eating the entire good. I always end up eating the entire good. I always end up eating the entire thing like throughout the course of the thing like throughout the course of the thing like throughout the course of the few days that it's left in the fridge. few days that it's left in the fridge. few days that it's left in the fridge. It's a recipe that Paige Laoren, who is It's a recipe that Paige Laoren, who is It's a recipe that Paige Laoren, who is one of my favorite YouTubers, posted on one of my favorite YouTubers, posted on one of my favorite YouTubers, posted on Tik Tok a while ago. And I saw it and I Tik Tok a while ago. And I saw it and I Tik Tok a while ago. And I saw it and I was like, that actually looks really was like, that actually looks really was like, that actually looks really good. I'm not a huge chicken salad good. I'm not a huge chicken salad good. I'm not a huge chicken salad person. I tried this one. I am now a person. I tried this one. I am now a person. I tried this one. I am now a huge chicken salad person. It's really huge chicken salad person. It's really huge chicken salad person. It's really good. It's high protein, lots of good good. It's high protein, lots of good good. It's high protein, lots of good vegetables in it. I'm going to show you vegetables in it. I'm going to show you vegetables in it. I'm going to show you guys how I make the best Greek crunchy guys how I make the best Greek crunchy guys how I make the best Greek crunchy chicken salad. I like to start with chicken salad. I like to start with chicken salad. I like to start with three stocks of celery just because I three stocks of celery just because I three stocks of celery just because I like mine to have a good crunch. Next is red bell pepper. Red bell pepper is genuinely one of my Red bell pepper is genuinely one of my Red bell pepper is genuinely one of my favorite foods, so this is like heaven favorite foods, so this is like heaven favorite foods, so this is like heaven for me. for me. for me. three mini English cucumbers. These like three mini English cucumbers. These like three mini English cucumbers. These like come in a bag at Whole Foods, so I come in a bag at Whole Foods, so I come in a bag at Whole Foods, so I always get the little bags. Cutting in the onion. Only thing left is Cutting in the onion. Only thing left is Cutting in the onion. Only thing left is pickles and then obviously the chicken pickles and then obviously the chicken pickles and then obviously the chicken and then everything. But like this is and then everything. But like this is and then everything. But like this is the last thing to chop. We'll do the last thing to chop. We'll do the last thing to chop. We'll do two and then [music] like this little two and then [music] like this little two and then [music] like this little mini one. I just chopped up a chicken breast. So I just chopped up a chicken breast. So I just chopped up a chicken breast. So now adding that into the mix. That looks perfect. That looks perfect. That looks perfect. Some salt and pepper. Some salt and pepper. Some salt and pepper. A little bit of Dijon mustard. A little bit of Dijon mustard. A little bit of Dijon mustard. scoop of Greek yogurt. scoop of Greek yogurt. scoop of Greek yogurt. Cupqai mayo. I think I'm saying that Cupqai mayo. I think I'm saying that Cupqai mayo. I think I'm saying that right. It's like Japanese mayo right. It's like Japanese mayo right. It's like Japanese mayo and a little bit of pickle juice. We're going to start with two. I washed We're going to start with two. I washed We're going to start with two. I washed four just in case I'm still hungry. But four just in case I'm still hungry. But four just in case I'm still hungry. But these look incredible. It's literally these look incredible. It's literally these look incredible. It's literally like a chicken salad taco. It's so good. like a chicken salad taco. It's so good. like a chicken salad taco. It's so good. This is my death row lunch meal. So This is my death row lunch meal. So This is my death row lunch meal. So good. And I'll keep it in the fridge for good. And I'll keep it in the fridge for good. And I'll keep it in the fridge for the next few days and eat it for lunch the next few days and eat it for lunch the next few days and eat it for lunch throughout this week. So good, so easy, throughout this week. So good, so easy, throughout this week. So good, so easy, and very healthy. Okay, update. I and very healthy. Okay, update. I and very healthy. Okay, update. I actually don't think that I'm going to actually don't think that I'm going to actually don't think that I'm going to open all of these today because I really open all of these today because I really open all of these today because I really don't want to have to take all of the don't want to have to take all of the don't want to have to take all of the boxes to the trash shoot. And I have boxes to the trash shoot. And I have boxes to the trash shoot. And I have some more computer work that I need to some more computer work that I need to some more computer work that I need to do this afternoon. So, I'm going to be do this afternoon. So, I'm going to be do this afternoon. So, I'm going to be on the couch chilling for a little bit on the couch chilling for a little bit on the couch chilling for a little bit while I'm working on that. I just made while I'm working on that. I just made while I'm working on that. I just made some spearmint tea. Spearmint tea. This some spearmint tea. Spearmint tea. This some spearmint tea. Spearmint tea. This is my favorite tea for skin health. So is my favorite tea for skin health. So is my favorite tea for skin health. So good for hormonal acne especially, but good for hormonal acne especially, but good for hormonal acne especially, but also just acne in general. I'm going to also just acne in general. I'm going to also just acne in general. I'm going to sit on the couch, watch some TV in the sit on the couch, watch some TV in the sit on the couch, watch some TV in the background while I do my computer work, background while I do my computer work, background while I do my computer work, and drink my tea. With that being said, and drink my tea. With that being said, and drink my tea. With that being said, since I'm not opening all of them today, since I'm not opening all of them today, since I'm not opening all of them today, I did see this box. I did see this box. I did see this box. I have seen these all over for months. I have seen these all over for months. I have seen these all over for months. Honestly, like over a year at this Honestly, like over a year at this Honestly, like over a year at this point. I feel like they've been popular point. I feel like they've been popular point. I feel like they've been popular for so long. Oh my god. I was scared for so long. Oh my god. I was scared for so long. Oh my god. I was scared that they were going to send me like one that they were going to send me like one that they were going to send me like one with like stars on it or like some with like stars on it or like some with like stars on it or like some random color. They clearly looked at my random color. They clearly looked at my random color. They clearly looked at my account because this is going to match account because this is going to match account because this is going to match my whole apartment and my bed perfectly. my whole apartment and my bed perfectly. my whole apartment and my bed perfectly. Okay, it is really soft. I'm not even Okay, it is really soft. I'm not even Okay, it is really soft. I'm not even going to lie to you guys. It's like a going to lie to you guys. It's like a going to lie to you guys. It's like a beige, like cream off-white beige color. beige, like cream off-white beige color. beige, like cream off-white beige color. It's beautiful and it's so freaking It's beautiful and it's so freaking It's beautiful and it's so freaking soft. I actually cannot believe. I kind soft. I actually cannot believe. I kind soft. I actually cannot believe. I kind of thought everyone was just like of thought everyone was just like of thought everyone was just like exaggerating, but apparently not. Okay, exaggerating, but apparently not. Okay, exaggerating, but apparently not. Okay, well, you guys know where I will be. >> [music] >> I just finished opening everything. >> I just finished opening everything. >> I just finished opening everything. There is now boxes and trash everywhere. There is now boxes and trash everywhere. There is now boxes and trash everywhere. I spared y'all from the whole unboxing I spared y'all from the whole unboxing I spared y'all from the whole unboxing situation because I feel like that would situation because I feel like that would situation because I feel like that would have made this video 45 minutes long. have made this video 45 minutes long. have made this video 45 minutes long. So, I'm just going to highlight some of So, I'm just going to highlight some of So, I'm just going to highlight some of my favorite products that I received in my favorite products that I received in my favorite products that I received in the mail this week. Starting off, I the mail this week. Starting off, I the mail this week. Starting off, I literally used the Salt Air body lotion literally used the Salt Air body lotion literally used the Salt Air body lotion in like the last clip of me in the in like the last clip of me in the in like the last clip of me in the bathroom. That was the Salt Air body bathroom. That was the Salt Air body bathroom. That was the Salt Air body lotion. They just sent me the body scrub lotion. They just sent me the body scrub lotion. They just sent me the body scrub and I took the lid off and smelled this and I took the lid off and smelled this and I took the lid off and smelled this and it smells absolutely amazing. I love and it smells absolutely amazing. I love and it smells absolutely amazing. I love Salt Air so much. They have honestly Salt Air so much. They have honestly Salt Air so much. They have honestly some of like the best quality products some of like the best quality products some of like the best quality products in my opinion and it's really not an in my opinion and it's really not an in my opinion and it's really not an expensive brand which I love cuz it expensive brand which I love cuz it expensive brand which I love cuz it makes it more accessible for a lot of makes it more accessible for a lot of makes it more accessible for a lot of people. Next up, very exciting. I got people. Next up, very exciting. I got people. Next up, very exciting. I got restocks on all of the Real Actives restocks on all of the Real Actives restocks on all of the Real Actives products. I love the makeup remover products. I love the makeup remover products. I love the makeup remover cleansing balm and the mandelic acid. cleansing balm and the mandelic acid. cleansing balm and the mandelic acid. Both of these products are amazing. Both of these products are amazing. Both of these products are amazing. Okay. And then as y'all saw all of the Okay. And then as y'all saw all of the Okay. And then as y'all saw all of the Makeup by Mario stuff, there is so many Makeup by Mario stuff, there is so many Makeup by Mario stuff, there is so many different products that they sent me, different products that they sent me, different products that they sent me, but wanted to highlight the setting but wanted to highlight the setting but wanted to highlight the setting spray because this is one of my favorite spray because this is one of my favorite spray because this is one of my favorite setting sprays of all time. And then setting sprays of all time. And then setting sprays of all time. And then last but not least, this is a brand. last but not least, this is a brand. last but not least, this is a brand. It's called Agent Nur. It's called Agent Nur. It's called Agent Nur. I don't know how you pronounce it. I I don't know how you pronounce it. I I don't know how you pronounce it. I don't remember. I think it's Nure, but don't remember. I think it's Nure, but don't remember. I think it's Nure, but the founder of this did a podcast a the founder of this did a podcast a the founder of this did a podcast a while ago that I listened to and she was while ago that I listened to and she was while ago that I listened to and she was basically just talking about like all of basically just talking about like all of basically just talking about like all of the harmful things that are in like our the harmful things that are in like our the harmful things that are in like our skincare and things. It's a very skincare and things. It's a very skincare and things. It's a very intentional ingredient list. They sent intentional ingredient list. They sent intentional ingredient list. They sent me three packs of the marine collagen. me three packs of the marine collagen. me three packs of the marine collagen. And then this is what I was like hoping And then this is what I was like hoping And then this is what I was like hoping and very excited to try from them. It's and very excited to try from them. It's and very excited to try from them. It's the holy growth. I have heard nothing the holy growth. I have heard nothing the holy growth. I have heard nothing but amazing things about this product but amazing things about this product but amazing things about this product and I am so excited to finally get my and I am so excited to finally get my and I am so excited to finally get my hands on it. The rest of the day is hands on it. The rest of the day is hands on it. The rest of the day is basically going to be spent cleaning up basically going to be spent cleaning up basically going to be spent cleaning up because if you guys could see the mess because if you guys could see the mess because if you guys could see the mess that is my apartment right now from that is my apartment right now from that is my apartment right now from opening everything, you would probably opening everything, you would probably opening everything, you would probably freak out. Anyways, I will talk to y'all freak out. Anyways, I will talk to y'all freak out. Anyways, I will talk to y'all a little later. Hi girls. It's now a little later. Hi girls. It's now a little later. Hi girls. It's now Wednesday. Obviously, I just took a Wednesday. Obviously, I just took a Wednesday. Obviously, I just took a shower and washed my hair, so I'm about shower and washed my hair, so I'm about shower and washed my hair, so I'm about to blow it out. My hairdresser gave me to blow it out. My hairdresser gave me to blow it out. My hairdresser gave me this Ora Hair Alchemy Bond Building this Ora Hair Alchemy Bond Building this Ora Hair Alchemy Bond Building Elixir last time I was there, so last Elixir last time I was there, so last Elixir last time I was there, so last week. and I haven't tried it yet, but week. and I haven't tried it yet, but week. and I haven't tried it yet, but I'm going to try it today. I did a hair I'm going to try it today. I did a hair I'm going to try it today. I did a hair mask today. I love the Ollex weightless mask today. I love the Ollex weightless mask today. I love the Ollex weightless one and they sent me a restock one and they sent me a restock one and they sent me a restock yesterday. Oh my god, and my hair feels yesterday. Oh my god, and my hair feels yesterday. Oh my god, and my hair feels so soft. I've been sitting in a towel so soft. I've been sitting in a towel so soft. I've been sitting in a towel for like the last 45 minutes. But it for like the last 45 minutes. But it for like the last 45 minutes. But it feels really good and I love it when my feels really good and I love it when my feels really good and I love it when my hair feels soft after I wash it and it hair feels soft after I wash it and it hair feels soft after I wash it and it doesn't feel like dry from the water, doesn't feel like dry from the water, doesn't feel like dry from the water, you know? I'm just going to do like a you know? I'm just going to do like a you know? I'm just going to do like a rough blowd [clears throat] dry today. I rough blowd [clears throat] dry today. I rough blowd [clears throat] dry today. I don't need it to be styled or anything don't need it to be styled or anything don't need it to be styled or anything like that. It's so gross outside. It's like that. It's so gross outside. It's like that. It's so gross outside. It's actually like beautiful day temperature- actually like beautiful day temperature- actually like beautiful day temperature- wise, but it is so cloudy and dark. It's wise, but it is so cloudy and dark. It's wise, but it is so cloudy and dark. It's like 2:30 p.m. and it looks like it's like 2:30 p.m. and it looks like it's like 2:30 p.m. and it looks like it's 7:30. Have a team call at 5 tonight. And 7:30. Have a team call at 5 tonight. And 7:30. Have a team call at 5 tonight. And I think I'm going to eat dinner before I think I'm going to eat dinner before I think I'm going to eat dinner before that because I haven't had like a big that because I haven't had like a big that because I haven't had like a big meal today. It's now like 2:30, so I meal today. It's now like 2:30, so I meal today. It's now like 2:30, so I don't feel like eating like a big lunch don't feel like eating like a big lunch don't feel like eating like a big lunch and then making dinner at like 8:00 p.m. and then making dinner at like 8:00 p.m. and then making dinner at like 8:00 p.m. cuz I don't like going to bed too full. cuz I don't like going to bed too full. cuz I don't like going to bed too full. I'm making vodka pasta with ground beef I'm making vodka pasta with ground beef I'm making vodka pasta with ground beef because a vodka pasta is one of my because a vodka pasta is one of my because a vodka pasta is one of my favorite foods like literally of all favorite foods like literally of all favorite foods like literally of all time, but I do like to incorporate some time, but I do like to incorporate some time, but I do like to incorporate some protein in it. It's kind of like a vodka protein in it. It's kind of like a vodka protein in it. It's kind of like a vodka bolognese type situation. I wish y'all bolognese type situation. I wish y'all bolognese type situation. I wish y'all could smell my hair right now because it could smell my hair right now because it could smell my hair right now because it smells heavenly. I was hoping to have a smells heavenly. I was hoping to have a smells heavenly. I was hoping to have a productive afternoon, but it is so productive afternoon, but it is so productive afternoon, but it is so gloomy and it's been raining on and off gloomy and it's been raining on and off gloomy and it's been raining on and off and like whenever it's this weather, I and like whenever it's this weather, I and like whenever it's this weather, I just don't want to leave my house. So, just don't want to leave my house. So, just don't want to leave my house. So, I've been on the couch watching Netflix, I've been on the couch watching Netflix, I've been on the couch watching Netflix, but now it's time to clean up. I need to but now it's time to clean up. I need to but now it's time to clean up. I need to do some laundry. I need to put some do some laundry. I need to put some do some laundry. I need to put some products away. I need to clean my products away. I need to clean my products away. I need to clean my bathroom. There's just a bunch of bathroom. There's just a bunch of bathroom. There's just a bunch of different little things that need to be different little things that need to be different little things that need to be done. I was planning on going to the done. I was planning on going to the done. I was planning on going to the grocery store today, but I think for grocery store today, but I think for grocery store today, but I think for dinner tonight, I'm just going to have dinner tonight, I'm just going to have dinner tonight, I'm just going to have the vodka pasta, leftover vodka pasta the vodka pasta, leftover vodka pasta the vodka pasta, leftover vodka pasta from last night. So, this afternoon from last night. So, this afternoon from last night. So, this afternoon slash evening is going to be cleaning, slash evening is going to be cleaning, slash evening is going to be cleaning, cooking, and relaxing. Just chilling, cooking, and relaxing. Just chilling, cooking, and relaxing. Just chilling, enjoying watching the rain and hanging enjoying watching the rain and hanging enjoying watching the rain and hanging out in my apartment. >> Good morning. I just got out of my >> Good morning. I just got out of my >> Good morning. I just got out of my Pilates class and I'm headed to go get a Pilates class and I'm headed to go get a Pilates class and I'm headed to go get a coffee. I normally do energy drinks, but coffee. I normally do energy drinks, but coffee. I normally do energy drinks, but this morning I woke up and was like, this morning I woke up and was like, this morning I woke up and was like, "Coffee sounds really good." So, we're "Coffee sounds really good." So, we're "Coffee sounds really good." So, we're going to go to Duncan. It's like a solid going to go to Duncan. It's like a solid going to go to Duncan. It's like a solid 10, 15 minuteish drive. So, I like going 10, 15 minuteish drive. So, I like going 10, 15 minuteish drive. So, I like going there because I can listen to my there because I can listen to my there because I can listen to my podcast, listen to music, and just like podcast, listen to music, and just like podcast, listen to music, and just like drive around. I love love love driving. drive around. I love love love driving. drive around. I love love love driving. So, my car wash membership is pretty So, my car wash membership is pretty So, my car wash membership is pretty close to it and there's just like stuff close to it and there's just like stuff close to it and there's just like stuff all over my car. Even though it's been all over my car. Even though it's been all over my car. Even though it's been raining and it's probably still going to raining and it's probably still going to raining and it's probably still going to rain again today, I think I am going to rain again today, I think I am going to rain again today, I think I am going to run through it. I have the unlimited run through it. I have the unlimited run through it. I have the unlimited membership, so I feel like there's membership, so I feel like there's membership, so I feel like there's really no harm in just washing my car. really no harm in just washing my car. really no harm in just washing my car. Like I said yesterday, I need to get my Like I said yesterday, I need to get my Like I said yesterday, I need to get my nails done at some point today and also nails done at some point today and also nails done at some point today and also go to the grocery store to get some go to the grocery store to get some go to the grocery store to get some stuff for dinner tonight and just for stuff for dinner tonight and just for stuff for dinner tonight and just for the weekend ahead. But anyways, right the weekend ahead. But anyways, right the weekend ahead. But anyways, right now, first priority is coffee. Can I get now, first priority is coffee. Can I get now, first priority is coffee. Can I get a medium iced butter pecan and blueberry a medium iced butter pecan and blueberry a medium iced butter pecan and blueberry latte? latte? latte? Okay, update. It's been a few hours and Okay, update. It's been a few hours and Okay, update. It's been a few hours and I went and got my toes done, but they I went and got my toes done, but they I went and got my toes done, but they were super busy, so they said it would were super busy, so they said it would were super busy, so they said it would be better for me to come back and get my be better for me to come back and get my be better for me to come back and get my nails done tomorrow. Ignore Giggly Squad nails done tomorrow. Ignore Giggly Squad nails done tomorrow. Ignore Giggly Squad in the background. So, I have an in the background. So, I have an in the background. So, I have an appointment tomorrow morning to get my appointment tomorrow morning to get my appointment tomorrow morning to get my nails done. Every time I go, though, I nails done. Every time I go, though, I nails done. Every time I go, though, I get the same color on my toes as my get the same color on my toes as my get the same color on my toes as my hands, and I got red on my toes. So, I'm hands, and I got red on my toes. So, I'm hands, and I got red on my toes. So, I'm officially locked into Red for tomorrow officially locked into Red for tomorrow officially locked into Red for tomorrow morning, but Blake is on his way to pick morning, but Blake is on his way to pick morning, but Blake is on his way to pick me up right now, and we are going to go me up right now, and we are going to go me up right now, and we are going to go to the grocery store and get some stuff to the grocery store and get some stuff to the grocery store and get some stuff for dinner. If you don't live in Texas, for dinner. If you don't live in Texas, for dinner. If you don't live in Texas, you probably have literally no idea what you probably have literally no idea what you probably have literally no idea what Central Market is, but it's like Whole Central Market is, but it's like Whole Central Market is, but it's like Whole Foods on steroids. It's the best grocery Foods on steroids. It's the best grocery Foods on steroids. It's the best grocery store in the entire world. So, we're store in the entire world. So, we're store in the entire world. So, we're going to go there, get a bunch of good going to go there, get a bunch of good going to go there, get a bunch of good stuff. I need to get some restocks as stuff. I need to get some restocks as stuff. I need to get some restocks as well, just for today, the weekend, and a well, just for today, the weekend, and a well, just for today, the weekend, and a little bit into next week. That's going little bit into next week. That's going little bit into next week. That's going to be the plan for the evening. It is to be the plan for the evening. It is to be the plan for the evening. It is 4:40 right now and I'm so hungry. So, I 4:40 right now and I'm so hungry. So, I 4:40 right now and I'm so hungry. So, I think I'm going to try and make this think I'm going to try and make this think I'm going to try and make this grocery trip a little bit quick so I can grocery trip a little bit quick so I can grocery trip a little bit quick so I can make dinner and eat dinner a little make dinner and eat dinner a little make dinner and eat dinner a little sooner. That's everything that we have sooner. That's everything that we have sooner. That's everything that we have going on this evening. Yeah, to say that I feel like a new Yeah, to say that I feel like a new Yeah, to say that I feel like a new woman is an understatement. Nothing woman is an understatement. Nothing woman is an understatement. Nothing beats the feeling of a fresh red nail. I beats the feeling of a fresh red nail. I beats the feeling of a fresh red nail. I don't know what the science is about it. don't know what the science is about it. don't know what the science is about it. There needs to be like a scientific There needs to be like a scientific There needs to be like a scientific study because automatically I feel a study because automatically I feel a study because automatically I feel a million times hotter than I did before. million times hotter than I did before. million times hotter than I did before. I just got in my car and my tire I just got in my car and my tire I just got in my car and my tire pressure notification just came up. So, pressure notification just came up. So, pressure notification just came up. So, I'm now going to go to Discount Tire and I'm now going to go to Discount Tire and I'm now going to go to Discount Tire and get some air in my tire. This was the get some air in my tire. This was the get some air in my tire. This was the only thing really on my list for my only thing really on my list for my only thing really on my list for my Saturday, but genuinely the best feeling Saturday, but genuinely the best feeling Saturday, but genuinely the best feeling in the entire world. I love it. Fresh in the entire world. I love it. Fresh in the entire world. I love it. Fresh highlights from last week and a fresh highlights from last week and a fresh highlights from last week and a fresh red nail from today. red nail from today. red nail from today. 10 out of 10. 10 out of 10. 10 out of 10.