Hey guys, welcome back to the channel Hey guys, welcome back to the channel Hey guys, welcome back to the channel and welcome to a new video. I am and welcome to a new video. I am and welcome to a new video. I am standing here in my new and improved standing here in my new and improved standing here in my new and improved workroom craft room area. So, if you workroom craft room area. So, if you workroom craft room area. So, if you caught my latest video, it was the big caught my latest video, it was the big caught my latest video, it was the big reveal of my craft room workroom no reveal of my craft room workroom no reveal of my craft room workroom no spend challenge. So, I made over this spend challenge. So, I made over this spend challenge. So, I made over this whole area after our house fire using whole area after our house fire using whole area after our house fire using only things that I already had in my only things that I already had in my only things that I already had in my home. I didn't buy anything. I didn't go home. I didn't buy anything. I didn't go home. I didn't buy anything. I didn't go out and get anything to improve the out and get anything to improve the out and get anything to improve the space. I just worked with what I already space. I just worked with what I already space. I just worked with what I already have. So, I am super excited to be doing have. So, I am super excited to be doing have. So, I am super excited to be doing my very first video here in my new my very first video here in my new my very first video here in my new workroom studio. Well, new to me. So, anyways, if you haven't caught that So, anyways, if you haven't caught that So, anyways, if you haven't caught that video, I hope you'll go back and check video, I hope you'll go back and check video, I hope you'll go back and check it out. But today I wanted to unbox some it out. But today I wanted to unbox some it out. But today I wanted to unbox some craft supplies from Teimu. Now Timu, craft supplies from Teimu. Now Timu, craft supplies from Teimu. Now Timu, Teimu, however you say it. I'm gonna say Teimu, however you say it. I'm gonna say Teimu, however you say it. I'm gonna say Teimu because that's what I've always Teimu because that's what I've always Teimu because that's what I've always called it. But anyways, so as you know, called it. But anyways, so as you know, called it. But anyways, so as you know, or maybe you don't know if you're new to or maybe you don't know if you're new to or maybe you don't know if you're new to my channel for the first time, we had a my channel for the first time, we had a my channel for the first time, we had a house fire back in November of 2024. We house fire back in November of 2024. We house fire back in November of 2024. We are still trying to put our house back are still trying to put our house back are still trying to put our house back together. It has been a long, tiring, together. It has been a long, tiring, together. It has been a long, tiring, gruesome journey and we are just getting gruesome journey and we are just getting gruesome journey and we are just getting started at putting everything back started at putting everything back started at putting everything back together. together. together. But the bad news about the fire was I But the bad news about the fire was I But the bad news about the fire was I lost pretty much my whole craft room. lost pretty much my whole craft room. lost pretty much my whole craft room. That's right. Over 11 years of crafting That's right. Over 11 years of crafting That's right. Over 11 years of crafting and gathering supplies and getting and gathering supplies and getting and gathering supplies and getting materials, tools, you name it, gone. My materials, tools, you name it, gone. My materials, tools, you name it, gone. My craft room was directly beside where the craft room was directly beside where the craft room was directly beside where the fire was. So, pretty much everything in fire was. So, pretty much everything in fire was. So, pretty much everything in that room got pitched. So, I am starting that room got pitched. So, I am starting that room got pitched. So, I am starting over from scratch. And I thought I would over from scratch. And I thought I would over from scratch. And I thought I would take this opportunity to buy a few take this opportunity to buy a few take this opportunity to buy a few things from Teimu to see how great their things from Teimu to see how great their things from Teimu to see how great their stuff really is, if it's worth it, if stuff really is, if it's worth it, if stuff really is, if it's worth it, if it's not. So, I want to unbox it here it's not. So, I want to unbox it here it's not. So, I want to unbox it here together on my YouTube channel, a real together on my YouTube channel, a real together on my YouTube channel, a real live review of craft supplies or live review of craft supplies or live review of craft supplies or materials that you can craft with from materials that you can craft with from materials that you can craft with from Teimu to see what they're legitly like. Teimu to see what they're legitly like. Teimu to see what they're legitly like. So, I hope you enjoy this video. Please So, I hope you enjoy this video. Please So, I hope you enjoy this video. Please leave me a comment below. Let me know leave me a comment below. Let me know leave me a comment below. Let me know what you think throughout the whole what you think throughout the whole what you think throughout the whole video. I love reading your guys's video. I love reading your guys's video. I love reading your guys's comments. So, please, please, please comments. So, please, please, please comments. So, please, please, please comment. It means the world to me. And comment. It means the world to me. And comment. It means the world to me. And we're going to go ahead and get to this we're going to go ahead and get to this we're going to go ahead and get to this big package. So, this is my package here. I got a lot of stuff, you guys. I got a I got a lot of stuff, you guys. I got a I got a lot of stuff, you guys. I got a whole craft room I got to replenish. So, whole craft room I got to replenish. So, whole craft room I got to replenish. So, it's going to take me some time. But, it's going to take me some time. But, it's going to take me some time. But, and to be honest, I ordered so much I and to be honest, I ordered so much I and to be honest, I ordered so much I can't really remember. So, it's like can't really remember. So, it's like can't really remember. So, it's like Christmas all over again, and I'm going Christmas all over again, and I'm going Christmas all over again, and I'm going to be able to see and open up and be to be able to see and open up and be to be able to see and open up and be surprised, just as surprised as you guys surprised, just as surprised as you guys surprised, just as surprised as you guys are. So, let's get into this package. are. So, let's get into this package. are. So, let's get into this package. Okay, so the first thing out of the bag Okay, so the first thing out of the bag Okay, so the first thing out of the bag is not a craft supply. is not a craft supply. is not a craft supply. I'm off to a great start, you guys. This I'm off to a great start, you guys. This I'm off to a great start, you guys. This is actually a scarf. To be fair, a lot is actually a scarf. To be fair, a lot is actually a scarf. To be fair, a lot of my scarves got thrown out and it was of my scarves got thrown out and it was of my scarves got thrown out and it was there and it was a great price. Um, I'm there and it was a great price. Um, I'm there and it was a great price. Um, I'm going to as I'm not gonna I cannot going to as I'm not gonna I cannot going to as I'm not gonna I cannot remember the prices of all the things. remember the prices of all the things. remember the prices of all the things. So, as I'm talking, I'm going to put up So, as I'm talking, I'm going to put up So, as I'm talking, I'm going to put up a little graphic of what everything the a little graphic of what everything the a little graphic of what everything the price actually was because for me to price actually was because for me to price actually was because for me to remember, it's just too much. But so remember, it's just too much. But so remember, it's just too much. But so far, this scarf isn't actually too bad. far, this scarf isn't actually too bad. far, this scarf isn't actually too bad. Um, I would say it's maybe comparable to Um, I would say it's maybe comparable to Um, I would say it's maybe comparable to something that you would get at like the something that you would get at like the something that you would get at like the dollar store, Dollarama. Now, remind dollar store, Dollarama. Now, remind dollar store, Dollarama. Now, remind you, I'll remind you guys, all this you, I'll remind you guys, all this you, I'll remind you guys, all this stuff is coming from China and it is on stuff is coming from China and it is on stuff is coming from China and it is on Teimu, so the quality of some things may Teimu, so the quality of some things may Teimu, so the quality of some things may not be the greatest. Um, but I would not be the greatest. Um, but I would not be the greatest. Um, but I would totally wear this and I don't think if I totally wear this and I don't think if I totally wear this and I don't think if I wore it, people would be people would wore it, people would be people would wore it, people would be people would think it was from there. So, think it was from there. So, think it was from there. So, I think uh this one this one gets a I think uh this one this one gets a I think uh this one this one gets a pass. Um maybe actually for fun, I'll pass. Um maybe actually for fun, I'll pass. Um maybe actually for fun, I'll give things a rating out of 10. So, I'm give things a rating out of 10. So, I'm give things a rating out of 10. So, I'm going to give this a six out of 10. I'll going to give this a six out of 10. I'll going to give this a six out of 10. I'll give this scarf a six out of 10. Next give this scarf a six out of 10. Next give this scarf a six out of 10. Next up, we have a box here. I don't know up, we have a box here. I don't know up, we have a box here. I don't know what's in this box. I have no idea. I what's in this box. I have no idea. I what's in this box. I have no idea. I cannot even remember half the stuff I cannot even remember half the stuff I cannot even remember half the stuff I ordered. ordered. ordered. Let's open it up. Let's open it up. Let's open it up. Another box inside of a box. Oh, two boxes. See? box inside of a box. Oh, two boxes. See? box inside of a box. Oh, two boxes. See? Oh, the candles. Okay, I remember this. Oh, the candles. Okay, I remember this. Oh, the candles. Okay, I remember this. So, these are supposed to be flickering So, these are supposed to be flickering So, these are supposed to be flickering flameless candles. flameless candles. flameless candles. They take They take They take batteries, unfortunately. H, you know batteries, unfortunately. H, you know batteries, unfortunately. H, you know what? That's the kind of thing that's what? That's the kind of thing that's what? That's the kind of thing that's really annoying about these. These are really annoying about these. These are really annoying about these. These are going to take a lot of batteries, you going to take a lot of batteries, you going to take a lot of batteries, you guys. Twist open the battery cover. Twist it Twist open the battery cover. Twist it Twist open the battery cover. Twist it off. I don't know how many batteries off. I don't know how many batteries off. I don't know how many batteries it's going to each one is going to take. it's going to each one is going to take. it's going to each one is going to take. Maybe three or two looks like a Maybe three or two looks like a Maybe three or two looks like a batteries. So, this was a 12-pack that I batteries. So, this was a 12-pack that I batteries. So, this was a 12-pack that I got got got and I bought them for upstairs in my and I bought them for upstairs in my and I bought them for upstairs in my candlesticks because I have real candles candlesticks because I have real candles candlesticks because I have real candles up there, but it makes me very nervous. up there, but it makes me very nervous. up there, but it makes me very nervous. I'm going to go test these out so that I'm going to go test these out so that I'm going to go test these out so that we can give the proper ranking and we can give the proper ranking and we can give the proper ranking and proper score. So, I'm going to go get proper score. So, I'm going to go get proper score. So, I'm going to go get some batteries in these. Okay, you guys. some batteries in these. Okay, you guys. some batteries in these. Okay, you guys. So, each candle takes two batteries, So, each candle takes two batteries, So, each candle takes two batteries, which isn't too bad, I suppose, but the which isn't too bad, I suppose, but the which isn't too bad, I suppose, but the only way to turn them on or off is to only way to turn them on or off is to only way to turn them on or off is to loosen this. loosen this. loosen this. So, I'm just showing I had to put my So, I'm just showing I had to put my So, I'm just showing I had to put my phone on the tripod here. But look, you phone on the tripod here. But look, you phone on the tripod here. But look, you have to either have to either have to either unloosen, loosen. There's no remote. unloosen, loosen. There's no remote. unloosen, loosen. There's no remote. There's no onoff switch. So, let's put There's no onoff switch. So, let's put There's no onoff switch. So, let's put them in a candle holder and let's see. them in a candle holder and let's see. them in a candle holder and let's see. Okay, I will give it to them. It looks Okay, I will give it to them. It looks Okay, I will give it to them. It looks pretty cool in the candle holder. Um, it pretty cool in the candle holder. Um, it pretty cool in the candle holder. Um, it doesn't look overly fake fake. And I doesn't look overly fake fake. And I doesn't look overly fake fake. And I love how they're an off-white. Um, I'm love how they're an off-white. Um, I'm love how they're an off-white. Um, I'm going to set the rest up. Hopefully, I going to set the rest up. Hopefully, I going to set the rest up. Hopefully, I have enough batteries. And let's see. have enough batteries. And let's see. have enough batteries. And let's see. All right, guys. I only had enough All right, guys. I only had enough All right, guys. I only had enough batteries to do the first six candles. batteries to do the first six candles. batteries to do the first six candles. And I am so sad about this because they And I am so sad about this because they And I am so sad about this because they are actually really nice. are actually really nice. are actually really nice. And after a while, if you notice, the And after a while, if you notice, the And after a while, if you notice, the flames start to flicker. flames start to flicker. flames start to flicker. Do you see it there? Do you see it there? Do you see it there? I don't know if the camera picks it up, I don't know if the camera picks it up, I don't know if the camera picks it up, but they are flickering. Like they're but they are flickering. Like they're but they are flickering. Like they're they're they're slowly flating and they're they're slowly flating and they're they're slowly flating and flickering, but there's no way to turn flickering, but there's no way to turn flickering, but there's no way to turn them on or off without taking the them on or off without taking the them on or off without taking the candles right out of the candlestick and candles right out of the candlestick and candles right out of the candlestick and unscrewing the base just a little bit. unscrewing the base just a little bit. unscrewing the base just a little bit. So, in order for me to put these on, I So, in order for me to put these on, I So, in order for me to put these on, I would have to go into every single would have to go into every single would have to go into every single candlestick and turn the thing. And I candlestick and turn the thing. And I candlestick and turn the thing. And I just don't think that's very um I don't just don't think that's very um I don't just don't think that's very um I don't think that's very uh what's the word? think that's very uh what's the word? think that's very uh what's the word? Effective, time effective. You know, if Effective, time effective. You know, if Effective, time effective. You know, if they had a little remote, it would be so they had a little remote, it would be so they had a little remote, it would be so much better. So, for these, much better. So, for these, much better. So, for these, unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately, I was going to give them like a two. I'm I was going to give them like a two. I'm I was going to give them like a two. I'm gonna give them a four because they are gonna give them a four because they are gonna give them a four because they are really cool when they're on and they really cool when they're on and they really cool when they're on and they look really nice. Not cheap looking at look really nice. Not cheap looking at look really nice. Not cheap looking at all, but because there's no remote, all, but because there's no remote, all, but because there's no remote, there's no H. That's really sad, there's no H. That's really sad, there's no H. That's really sad, but I'll give them a four out of 10. but I'll give them a four out of 10. but I'll give them a four out of 10. Okay, guys. I don't want to do this um Okay, guys. I don't want to do this um Okay, guys. I don't want to do this um in editing. I want to figure it out in editing. I want to figure it out in editing. I want to figure it out right now. I want to figure out how much right now. I want to figure out how much right now. I want to figure out how much these candles cost because I am really these candles cost because I am really these candles cost because I am really sad about that. that had the potential sad about that. that had the potential sad about that. that had the potential to be a really great product. to be a really great product. to be a really great product. Um, oh, here they are. Um, oh, here they are. Um, oh, here they are. Worth $31. I paid $31 for those. I paid $31 for those. I paid $31 for those. Dang. See a lot of comments saying people See a lot of comments saying people See a lot of comments saying people saying that you're they're using them saying that you're they're using them saying that you're they're using them for a wedding. So, I guess if you're for a wedding. So, I guess if you're for a wedding. So, I guess if you're using them for a wedding, you just go using them for a wedding, you just go using them for a wedding, you just go around and flick them all on. around and flick them all on. around and flick them all on. But like But like But like I would I would I would that makes me really sad. that makes me really sad. that makes me really sad. They should have had a remote with it. They should have had a remote with it. They should have had a remote with it. If they had a remote that would be so If they had a remote that would be so If they had a remote that would be so much better. Oh my word. Then this is much better. Oh my word. Then this is much better. Oh my word. Then this is where I get really annoyed because where I get really annoyed because where I get really annoyed because there's a set. there's a set. there's a set. But these ones don't look as nice. But these ones don't look as nice. But these ones don't look as nice. They're $16 and they come with a remote. They're $16 and they come with a remote. They're $16 and they come with a remote. Darn. Darn. Darn. Okay. Well, moving on. All right. Next Okay. Well, moving on. All right. Next Okay. Well, moving on. All right. Next up, we've got some ribbon. This ribbon up, we've got some ribbon. This ribbon up, we've got some ribbon. This ribbon is actually really nice. This is is actually really nice. This is is actually really nice. This is actually really nice ribbon. And I'm actually really nice ribbon. And I'm actually really nice ribbon. And I'm actually going to open up and take the actually going to open up and take the actually going to open up and take the plastic off. Uh the color though, I wish plastic off. Uh the color though, I wish plastic off. Uh the color though, I wish it was more red. It's more of a it was more red. It's more of a it was more red. It's more of a burgundy. Actually, it's not bad though. burgundy. Actually, it's not bad though. burgundy. Actually, it's not bad though. But that's really nice ribbon. I'll give But that's really nice ribbon. I'll give But that's really nice ribbon. I'll give you a closeup. It's not cheap um that you a closeup. It's not cheap um that you a closeup. It's not cheap um that cheap shiny stuff. It's actually velvet. cheap shiny stuff. It's actually velvet. cheap shiny stuff. It's actually velvet. And the gold is actually really, really And the gold is actually really, really And the gold is actually really, really nice. nice. nice. So, I am going to give this ribbon. And So, I am going to give this ribbon. And So, I am going to give this ribbon. And actually, you know what? I said I was actually, you know what? I said I was actually, you know what? I said I was going to flash the prices up later, but going to flash the prices up later, but going to flash the prices up later, but I can't give an accurate rating if I I can't give an accurate rating if I I can't give an accurate rating if I don't know the price. Okay, so let me don't know the price. Okay, so let me don't know the price. Okay, so let me just go back to my orders here. This just go back to my orders here. This just go back to my orders here. This ribbon was $457. ribbon was $457. ribbon was $457. So, I am going to give this and it looks So, I am going to give this and it looks So, I am going to give this and it looks like quite a bit. It's not stingy like quite a bit. It's not stingy like quite a bit. It's not stingy either. either. either. Um, I'm I'm going to give this an eight Um, I'm I'm going to give this an eight Um, I'm I'm going to give this an eight out of 10. That's good. I'm I'm I'm out of 10. That's good. I'm I'm I'm out of 10. That's good. I'm I'm I'm happy with that. Next up, we have some happy with that. Next up, we have some happy with that. Next up, we have some stickers. This was a sticker pack. stickers. This was a sticker pack. stickers. This was a sticker pack. We've got We've got We've got the these look very AI made. Um, but the these look very AI made. Um, but the these look very AI made. Um, but they're very cute. they're very cute. they're very cute. Warm holiday glow. Warm holiday glow. Warm holiday glow. I do love this one. Look at how cute I do love this one. Look at how cute I do love this one. Look at how cute this one is. That one is really cute. this one is. That one is really cute. this one is. That one is really cute. And I feel like I could use these to And I feel like I could use these to And I feel like I could use these to make little Christmas signs. make little Christmas signs. make little Christmas signs. Um, this one's really nice, too. And so Um, this one's really nice, too. And so Um, this one's really nice, too. And so far, there's no spelling mistakes far, there's no spelling mistakes far, there's no spelling mistakes cuz sometimes with this you get things cuz sometimes with this you get things cuz sometimes with this you get things spelled weird. Santa's bakery. Yeah, spelled weird. Santa's bakery. Yeah, spelled weird. Santa's bakery. Yeah, these are really cute. Um, holiday cheer these are really cute. Um, holiday cheer these are really cute. Um, holiday cheer inside. Oh, you could put that on a inside. Oh, you could put that on a inside. Oh, you could put that on a little present. That's so cute. Um, I little present. That's so cute. Um, I little present. That's so cute. Um, I just want to see them all before I move just want to see them all before I move just want to see them all before I move on here. All right, let's see how much on here. All right, let's see how much on here. All right, let's see how much these were. These stickers were $3.87. these were. These stickers were $3.87. these were. These stickers were $3.87. I am going to give them a I am going to give them a I am going to give them a seven out of 10. No, I'm going to give seven out of 10. No, I'm going to give seven out of 10. No, I'm going to give them an eight. I'm going to give them an them an eight. I'm going to give them an them an eight. I'm going to give them an eight out of 10. I think they'll be eight out of 10. I think they'll be eight out of 10. I think they'll be great for crafting. There's no spelling great for crafting. There's no spelling great for crafting. There's no spelling mistakes and they do look very cute. So, mistakes and they do look very cute. So, mistakes and they do look very cute. So, we'll give those an eight out of 10. All we'll give those an eight out of 10. All we'll give those an eight out of 10. All right. right. right. I'm laughing, you guys, because I I'm laughing, you guys, because I I'm laughing, you guys, because I actually ordered this twice. I ordered actually ordered this twice. I ordered actually ordered this twice. I ordered it accidentally twice. So, I have it accidentally twice. So, I have it accidentally twice. So, I have another one of these coming. And on the another one of these coming. And on the another one of these coming. And on the site, it looks so cool. It looks like site, it looks so cool. It looks like site, it looks so cool. It looks like it's a tin old tin sign. it's a tin old tin sign. it's a tin old tin sign. It's just, you know, cheap bass wood, It's just, you know, cheap bass wood, It's just, you know, cheap bass wood, balsa wood, whatever that cheap crafting balsa wood, whatever that cheap crafting balsa wood, whatever that cheap crafting wood is called. It looks a little faded. wood is called. It looks a little faded. wood is called. It looks a little faded. Um, it's meant to look old. Came with Um, it's meant to look old. Came with Um, it's meant to look old. Came with these little stickers to hang it up these little stickers to hang it up these little stickers to hang it up somewhere. You could use it in the somewhere. You could use it in the somewhere. You could use it in the middle of a wreath. I think it would middle of a wreath. I think it would middle of a wreath. I think it would look really cute. baby. I paid $347 look really cute. baby. I paid $347 look really cute. baby. I paid $347 for this. Uh, I think it's all right. I for this. Uh, I think it's all right. I for this. Uh, I think it's all right. I mean, I think you could find something mean, I think you could find something mean, I think you could find something similar at the dollar store at Dollar similar at the dollar store at Dollar similar at the dollar store at Dollar Tree for $1.25. Tree for $1.25. Tree for $1.25. So, I think the pricing is a little bit So, I think the pricing is a little bit So, I think the pricing is a little bit off. And they're kind of presenting it off. And they're kind of presenting it off. And they're kind of presenting it as something bigger and better. So, I'm as something bigger and better. So, I'm as something bigger and better. So, I'm going to give this a four. No, I'm going going to give this a four. No, I'm going going to give this a four. No, I'm going to give it a three. Sorry, you get a to give it a three. Sorry, you get a to give it a three. Sorry, you get a three out of 10. But, you know what? I three out of 10. But, you know what? I three out of 10. But, you know what? I will probably use it for crafting. I'll will probably use it for crafting. I'll will probably use it for crafting. I'll work it into something like an work it into something like an work it into something like an arrangement or something. There we got some more ribbon. There we got some more ribbon. There we got some more ribbon. Hey, look at this everybody. Hey, look at this everybody. Hey, look at this everybody. They use my little say my little They use my little say my little They use my little say my little straight pin trick. If you caught that straight pin trick. If you caught that straight pin trick. If you caught that in the other video, my video that I just in the other video, my video that I just in the other video, my video that I just posted about my um big reveal for my posted about my um big reveal for my posted about my um big reveal for my workroom for the ribbon, the straight workroom for the ribbon, the straight workroom for the ribbon, the straight pin trick. This is actually a trick that pin trick. This is actually a trick that pin trick. This is actually a trick that my mother taught me. She worked at a uh my mother taught me. She worked at a uh my mother taught me. She worked at a uh not work, she owned a floral shop and uh not work, she owned a floral shop and uh not work, she owned a floral shop and uh she had all her ribbons on her ribbon she had all her ribbons on her ribbon she had all her ribbons on her ribbon rack and she had straight pins on all of rack and she had straight pins on all of rack and she had straight pins on all of them so they don't unwind and hang down them so they don't unwind and hang down them so they don't unwind and hang down and droop. Um so yeah, kudos to my and droop. Um so yeah, kudos to my and droop. Um so yeah, kudos to my mother for that little tip and they know mother for that little tip and they know mother for that little tip and they know it too. So this is some um ribbon. It it too. So this is some um ribbon. It it too. So this is some um ribbon. It looks like jute ribbon I bought in a looks like jute ribbon I bought in a looks like jute ribbon I bought in a little pack. Great for crafting. The little pack. Great for crafting. The little pack. Great for crafting. The quality is great. Not bad. Uh, I paid quality is great. Not bad. Uh, I paid quality is great. Not bad. Uh, I paid $522 $522 $522 for this. They make it look a little for this. They make it look a little for this. They make it look a little better in the picture. Um, better in the picture. Um, better in the picture. Um, but they're not bad. They're really but they're not bad. They're really but they're not bad. They're really nice. I'm going to give this a 7 out of nice. I'm going to give this a 7 out of nice. I'm going to give this a 7 out of 10. Nice crafting ribbon. The price is 10. Nice crafting ribbon. The price is 10. Nice crafting ribbon. The price is good for that. Okay. And then I got good for that. Okay. And then I got good for that. Okay. And then I got these little papers. I love for these little papers. I love for these little papers. I love for Christmas crafting having lots of nice Christmas crafting having lots of nice Christmas crafting having lots of nice papers do with like backgrounds and papers do with like backgrounds and papers do with like backgrounds and stuff. So, this is some like music note stuff. So, this is some like music note stuff. So, this is some like music note paper here with some holly on it. The paper here with some holly on it. The paper here with some holly on it. The quality is not overly the greatest. This quality is not overly the greatest. This quality is not overly the greatest. This one's a little weird. That looks like one's a little weird. That looks like one's a little weird. That looks like blood splatter blood splatter blood splatter on the music notes. Not really fond of on the music notes. Not really fond of on the music notes. Not really fond of that one, but I think Are these that one, but I think Are these that one, but I think Are these stickers? They are. They're adhesive. stickers? They are. They're adhesive. stickers? They are. They're adhesive. So, these are stickers. So, that's kind So, these are stickers. So, that's kind So, these are stickers. So, that's kind of great. I could use them on like the of great. I could use them on like the of great. I could use them on like the backing of signs or something like to backing of signs or something like to backing of signs or something like to make a sign. I'm not sure what all this make a sign. I'm not sure what all this make a sign. I'm not sure what all this is about. Like I think it's trying to is about. Like I think it's trying to is about. Like I think it's trying to make it look rustic, but to me it just make it look rustic, but to me it just make it look rustic, but to me it just looks like blood. looks like blood. looks like blood. Um, let's see how much we paid for Um, let's see how much we paid for Um, let's see how much we paid for those. $411. those. $411. those. $411. And they are sticky. And the pictures on And they are sticky. And the pictures on And they are sticky. And the pictures on the site are pretty bang on to what I the site are pretty bang on to what I the site are pretty bang on to what I actually got. So, I'll give this a 6 out actually got. So, I'll give this a 6 out actually got. So, I'll give this a 6 out of 10. of 10. of 10. The one thing I do really love, and I've The one thing I do really love, and I've The one thing I do really love, and I've ordered these before, is their little ordered these before, is their little ordered these before, is their little rustic pieces for crafting with, um, I rustic pieces for crafting with, um, I rustic pieces for crafting with, um, I think they do a really good job of think they do a really good job of think they do a really good job of these, except for now I got, like, look these, except for now I got, like, look these, except for now I got, like, look at how rusty and unique and different at how rusty and unique and different at how rusty and unique and different these are, and they look legit. So, this these are, and they look legit. So, this these are, and they look legit. So, this is a pack of rustic stars. I'm just is a pack of rustic stars. I'm just is a pack of rustic stars. I'm just going to put some in my hand so you guys going to put some in my hand so you guys going to put some in my hand so you guys can see. I really do like their rustic can see. I really do like their rustic can see. I really do like their rustic little elements. I have bought these little elements. I have bought these little elements. I have bought these before, so I knew that going into this. before, so I knew that going into this. before, so I knew that going into this. This was a 50 pack for $7.64. This was a 50 pack for $7.64. This was a 50 pack for $7.64. Um, I think that's a great price. Um, Um, I think that's a great price. Um, Um, I think that's a great price. Um, Michaelels would probably be a lot more. Michaelels would probably be a lot more. Michaelels would probably be a lot more. I'm gonna give this a 10 out of 10. Very I'm gonna give this a 10 out of 10. Very I'm gonna give this a 10 out of 10. Very happy with this. I've ordered them happy with this. I've ordered them happy with this. I've ordered them before. I love those. before. I love those. before. I love those. Okay, next up, we have some washi tape. Okay, next up, we have some washi tape. Okay, next up, we have some washi tape. So, this is a package of washi tape So, this is a package of washi tape So, this is a package of washi tape here. To be honest, I expected these to here. To be honest, I expected these to here. To be honest, I expected these to be a little bit bigger, but that's okay. be a little bit bigger, but that's okay. be a little bit bigger, but that's okay. And by bigger, I mean like wider, but I And by bigger, I mean like wider, but I And by bigger, I mean like wider, but I guess washi tape is kind of small. But guess washi tape is kind of small. But guess washi tape is kind of small. But like look at this little one. I mean I like look at this little one. I mean I like look at this little one. I mean I guess different lengths are good for guess different lengths are good for guess different lengths are good for different things. These ones are really different things. These ones are really different things. These ones are really small you guys. small you guys. small you guys. But these ones here, like look at the But these ones here, like look at the But these ones here, like look at the little gingerbread men. little gingerbread men. little gingerbread men. They are so cute. And until I use these They are so cute. And until I use these They are so cute. And until I use these and see how they actually stick and and see how they actually stick and and see how they actually stick and everything, I can't really give a fair everything, I can't really give a fair everything, I can't really give a fair rating. Um but there's a lot of variety rating. Um but there's a lot of variety rating. Um but there's a lot of variety in here. Great for Christmas crafting. in here. Great for Christmas crafting. in here. Great for Christmas crafting. Pretty happy with this. I suppose the Pretty happy with this. I suppose the Pretty happy with this. I suppose the washi tape was $9.94. washi tape was $9.94. washi tape was $9.94. Oo, paid a bit more for that than I Oo, paid a bit more for that than I Oo, paid a bit more for that than I thought. thought. thought. But I mean, in compare comparison to But I mean, in compare comparison to But I mean, in compare comparison to like you're shopping at Michaels or like you're shopping at Michaels or like you're shopping at Michaels or something, I I'll give it a uh I'll give something, I I'll give it a uh I'll give something, I I'll give it a uh I'll give it a seven out of 10. That's a lot of it a seven out of 10. That's a lot of it a seven out of 10. That's a lot of washi tape. Next up, some more ribbon. washi tape. Next up, some more ribbon. washi tape. Next up, some more ribbon. Oh, I got two things here. Some ribbon. Oh, I got two things here. Some ribbon. Oh, I got two things here. Some ribbon. This is just ribbon for crafting. It's This is just ribbon for crafting. It's This is just ribbon for crafting. It's nice. Quite a bit. nice. Quite a bit. nice. Quite a bit. Let's see what the price is. $2.86. Let's see what the price is. $2.86. Let's see what the price is. $2.86. That's pretty good. And it's generic That's pretty good. And it's generic That's pretty good. And it's generic gingham red ribbon for crafting for gingham red ribbon for crafting for gingham red ribbon for crafting for Christmas. That gets a 9 out of 10. Christmas. That gets a 9 out of 10. Christmas. That gets a 9 out of 10. Oh, the second thing I picked out of Oh, the second thing I picked out of Oh, the second thing I picked out of that looks like some little stickers. that looks like some little stickers. that looks like some little stickers. They get me with the stickers, you guys. They get me with the stickers, you guys. They get me with the stickers, you guys. They really do. These are clear They really do. These are clear They really do. These are clear stickers. Thought maybe they'd be nice stickers. Thought maybe they'd be nice stickers. Thought maybe they'd be nice for crafting somewhere. Oh, look at this for crafting somewhere. Oh, look at this for crafting somewhere. Oh, look at this little lady. This little vintage lady. little lady. This little vintage lady. little lady. This little vintage lady. She's so small. She's so small. She's so small. Oh, and the little kitties in the Oh, and the little kitties in the Oh, and the little kitties in the stocking. stocking. stocking. I honestly I'm not going to show you all I honestly I'm not going to show you all I honestly I'm not going to show you all of them, but these were vintage and I of them, but these were vintage and I of them, but these were vintage and I thought they were cute. I don't know how thought they were cute. I don't know how thought they were cute. I don't know how they're going to look when I put them on they're going to look when I put them on they're going to look when I put them on things, but I really am into the vintage things, but I really am into the vintage things, but I really am into the vintage Christmas. I really love it. Look at Christmas. I really love it. Look at Christmas. I really love it. Look at this little reindeer in the sweater. And this little reindeer in the sweater. And this little reindeer in the sweater. And he's got all his hoops. He's got all he's got all his hoops. He's got all he's got all his hoops. He's got all four hoops. Sometimes with this stuff, four hoops. Sometimes with this stuff, four hoops. Sometimes with this stuff, you never know what you're going to get. you never know what you're going to get. you never know what you're going to get. Oh, look at the little bunny with the Oh, look at the little bunny with the Oh, look at the little bunny with the Christmas tree. Okay, these are pretty Christmas tree. Okay, these are pretty Christmas tree. Okay, these are pretty cute. I'll give them that. Those are cute. I'll give them that. Those are cute. I'll give them that. Those are pretty cute. Let's see how much we paid pretty cute. Let's see how much we paid pretty cute. Let's see how much we paid for them. So, this was a 50 pack of for them. So, this was a 50 pack of for them. So, this was a 50 pack of vintage Christmas mousse stickers. They vintage Christmas mousse stickers. They vintage Christmas mousse stickers. They call them DIY waterproof. $2.87. call them DIY waterproof. $2.87. call them DIY waterproof. $2.87. That gets a nine out of 10. That gets a nine out of 10. That gets a nine out of 10. All right. Now, this I've actually All right. Now, this I've actually All right. Now, this I've actually bought these little banners before, and bought these little banners before, and bought these little banners before, and I have a real on my Instagram page where I have a real on my Instagram page where I have a real on my Instagram page where I jujued up one of these and made it a I jujued up one of these and made it a I jujued up one of these and made it a little bit better. little bit better. little bit better. It's linked in the description. So, I bought another one. Oh, you guys. This one is so bad. you guys. This one is so bad. you guys. This one is so bad. Look at their faces. It's not You can tell it's like AI It's not You can tell it's like AI It's not You can tell it's like AI redone vintage. I mean, but from a redone vintage. I mean, but from a redone vintage. I mean, but from a distance, like I think from a distance distance, like I think from a distance distance, like I think from a distance it'll be okay. But like this one, like it'll be okay. But like this one, like it'll be okay. But like this one, like he doesn't even have any eyeballs. he doesn't even have any eyeballs. he doesn't even have any eyeballs. They're not really there. But it's still cute, I suppose. It's But it's still cute, I suppose. It's But it's still cute, I suppose. It's just some of the images are very weird, just some of the images are very weird, just some of the images are very weird, you know, you know, you know, like this one. They don't they don't like this one. They don't they don't like this one. They don't they don't really have faces, you know? But I think really have faces, you know? But I think really have faces, you know? But I think these are really cute to work into these are really cute to work into these are really cute to work into banners, maybe a wreath. Not overly banners, maybe a wreath. Not overly banners, maybe a wreath. Not overly happy with the quality of the photos on happy with the quality of the photos on happy with the quality of the photos on this one, but it is vintage. So, like, this one, but it is vintage. So, like, this one, but it is vintage. So, like, it's supposed to be vintage. Okay, this it's supposed to be vintage. Okay, this it's supposed to be vintage. Okay, this one's a little creepy. I'm sorry. This one is going to get a I'm sorry. This one is going to get a I'm sorry. This one is going to get a five. No, a four. This one's going to five. No, a four. This one's going to five. No, a four. This one's going to get a four. The pictures could have been get a four. The pictures could have been get a four. The pictures could have been better. better. better. I've had other I've bought other ones I've had other I've bought other ones I've had other I've bought other ones where the pictures are really nice, so I where the pictures are really nice, so I where the pictures are really nice, so I know they can be better. So, that one know they can be better. So, that one know they can be better. So, that one gets a four. gets a four. gets a four. Oh, I didn't tell you how much it was. Oh, I didn't tell you how much it was. Oh, I didn't tell you how much it was. It was $5.92. It was $5.92. It was $5.92. So, yeah. Still gets a what did I say? A So, yeah. Still gets a what did I say? A So, yeah. Still gets a what did I say? A four, I think. All right. Here's another four, I think. All right. Here's another four, I think. All right. Here's another little garland. This one is looking a little garland. This one is looking a little garland. This one is looking a little better. More AI generated images, little better. More AI generated images, little better. More AI generated images, though. But at least their faces are though. But at least their faces are though. But at least their faces are clear. This one is cute. I This one is very This one is cute. I This one is very This one is cute. I This one is very cute. Oh, look at the little girl with cute. Oh, look at the little girl with cute. Oh, look at the little girl with the music notes. Good cheer. I do like the music notes. Good cheer. I do like the music notes. Good cheer. I do like this one. Oh, I love this. I love this one. I I Oh, I love this. I love this one. I I Oh, I love this. I love this one. I I tell you guys, I love the vintage tell you guys, I love the vintage tell you guys, I love the vintage Christmas. I am so doing vintage Christmas. I am so doing vintage Christmas. I am so doing vintage Christmas this year. I just need Christmas this year. I just need Christmas this year. I just need the old, you know? I just need to Oh, I the old, you know? I just need to Oh, I the old, you know? I just need to Oh, I love this one, too. This one is really love this one, too. This one is really love this one, too. This one is really cute. This one gets a nine out of 10. cute. This one gets a nine out of 10. cute. This one gets a nine out of 10. No, this one gets a 10 out of 10. I I'm No, this one gets a 10 out of 10. I I'm No, this one gets a 10 out of 10. I I'm loving this one. Look at the little loving this one. Look at the little loving this one. Look at the little bird. bird. bird. So cute. They give you these. I don't So cute. They give you these. I don't So cute. They give you these. I don't know what those are for, but Oh, maybe know what those are for, but Oh, maybe know what those are for, but Oh, maybe for the They're postcards. That's what for the They're postcards. That's what for the They're postcards. That's what they are. So, to seal the envelope, they are. So, to seal the envelope, they are. So, to seal the envelope, maybe. So, that one's not a banner. maybe. So, that one's not a banner. maybe. So, that one's not a banner. They're actually postcards, but I feel They're actually postcards, but I feel They're actually postcards, but I feel like you could turn it into a banner. like you could turn it into a banner. like you could turn it into a banner. This item is sold out. This item is sold out. This item is sold out. What? But it won't tell me what it was, What? But it won't tell me what it was, What? But it won't tell me what it was, how much it was, cuz it was sold out. how much it was, cuz it was sold out. how much it was, cuz it was sold out. Doesn't even tell me in my order. Doesn't even tell me in my order. Doesn't even tell me in my order. I'm going to guess it was around the I'm going to guess it was around the I'm going to guess it was around the same price as the other one. See? Or Oh, same price as the other one. See? Or Oh, same price as the other one. See? Or Oh, here it is. $41. Yeah, that's good for here it is. $41. Yeah, that's good for here it is. $41. Yeah, that's good for that. All right. And then this is what I that. All right. And then this is what I that. All right. And then this is what I was really drawn to on their site is all was really drawn to on their site is all was really drawn to on their site is all these little bits and bobs of greenery these little bits and bobs of greenery these little bits and bobs of greenery cuz these are great for crafting, you cuz these are great for crafting, you cuz these are great for crafting, you guys. So, like look at these. They're guys. So, like look at these. They're guys. So, like look at these. They're the perfect size to just stick into the perfect size to just stick into the perfect size to just stick into things like and you put a little bell things like and you put a little bell things like and you put a little bell there like to work in the little bits of there like to work in the little bits of there like to work in the little bits of greenery when you're um crafting and greenery when you're um crafting and greenery when you're um crafting and doing stuff. These are amazing and the doing stuff. These are amazing and the doing stuff. These are amazing and the quality is really good. I was super quality is really good. I was super quality is really good. I was super excited to get these rather than buying excited to get these rather than buying excited to get these rather than buying big picks and pulling things off. So, big picks and pulling things off. So, big picks and pulling things off. So, this is really nice. I'm really happy this is really nice. I'm really happy this is really nice. I'm really happy with this. $4.81. with this. $4.81. with this. $4.81. No, I got a Did I get a 50 pack? Well, No, I got a Did I get a 50 pack? Well, No, I got a Did I get a 50 pack? Well, the 25 pack is $4.80. the 25 pack is $4.80. the 25 pack is $4.80. The 50 pack is $7.58. The 50 pack is $7.58. The 50 pack is $7.58. And I don't know if there's 25 or 50 in And I don't know if there's 25 or 50 in And I don't know if there's 25 or 50 in here. I don't know which pack I got. Oh, here. I don't know which pack I got. Oh, here. I don't know which pack I got. Oh, no. It says 50 right there. So, I got no. It says 50 right there. So, I got no. It says 50 right there. So, I got the 50 pack. That I'm really happy with the 50 pack. That I'm really happy with the 50 pack. That I'm really happy with those. 10 out of 10. those. 10 out of 10. those. 10 out of 10. Oh, and apparently I bought more. Oh, and apparently I bought more. Oh, and apparently I bought more. So, this is the So, this is the So, this is the say on this one. This one must have been say on this one. This one must have been say on this one. This one must have been a different seller a different seller a different seller and they are a little bit different. and they are a little bit different. and they are a little bit different. These ones are really nice, too. So, These ones are really nice, too. So, These ones are really nice, too. So, happy with that. Again, I like these are happy with that. Again, I like these are happy with that. Again, I like these are just so handy to have for Christmas just so handy to have for Christmas just so handy to have for Christmas crafting. crafting. crafting. Highly, highly recommend that. Highly, highly recommend that. Highly, highly recommend that. Those ones may be a little bit better Those ones may be a little bit better Those ones may be a little bit better than the last ones. They're a little than the last ones. They're a little than the last ones. They're a little more realistic looking. Oh, here they more realistic looking. Oh, here they more realistic looking. Oh, here they are. Another 50 piece from a different are. Another 50 piece from a different are. Another 50 piece from a different seller. $5.91. seller. $5.91. seller. $5.91. Pretty good. Pretty good. Pretty good. Okay. More Okay. More Okay. More scrapbooking paper or whatever you want scrapbooking paper or whatever you want scrapbooking paper or whatever you want to call this. Or maybe these are to call this. Or maybe these are to call this. Or maybe these are stickers. stickers. stickers. All right. Let's see how these look. All right. Let's see how these look. All right. Let's see how these look. These ones aren't stickers. These are These ones aren't stickers. These are These ones aren't stickers. These are actually scrapbooking paper. actually scrapbooking paper. actually scrapbooking paper. They're really nice. They're not bad. They're really nice. They're not bad. They're really nice. They're not bad. Oh, this one's cute. They're very thin. Oh, this one's cute. They're very thin. Oh, this one's cute. They're very thin. Like, they're very thin. They're not Like, they're very thin. They're not Like, they're very thin. They're not card stock. They're paper, but they card stock. They're paper, but they card stock. They're paper, but they would be nice for crafting. I like that little girl. She's sweet. I like that little girl. She's sweet. I like that little girl. She's sweet. That one's a little weird. That one's a little weird. That one's a little weird. Oh, this one doesn't have a face. Oh, this one doesn't have a face. Oh, this one doesn't have a face. That's okay. This one looks like Judy That's okay. This one looks like Judy That's okay. This one looks like Judy Garland a little bit. And then we got Garland a little bit. And then we got Garland a little bit. And then we got vintage. And then we have this like vintage. And then we have this like vintage. And then we have this like modern lady with a modern toque on. So modern lady with a modern toque on. So modern lady with a modern toque on. So that's a little weird. This one's cute that's a little weird. This one's cute that's a little weird. This one's cute though. though. though. Cute. Very cute. Yeah. So there's a lot Cute. Very cute. Yeah. So there's a lot Cute. Very cute. Yeah. So there's a lot of these. Oh, I do like this one with of these. Oh, I do like this one with of these. Oh, I do like this one with the church though. Where did it go? Oh, the church though. Where did it go? Oh, the church though. Where did it go? Oh, this one's nice, too, with the big this one's nice, too, with the big this one's nice, too, with the big Christmas tree. Little carolers. Christmas tree. Little carolers. Christmas tree. Little carolers. This one with the church. That's very This one with the church. That's very This one with the church. That's very vintage looking. Very nice. Yeah, these vintage looking. Very nice. Yeah, these vintage looking. Very nice. Yeah, these are nice. Okay, let's see how much these are nice. Okay, let's see how much these are nice. Okay, let's see how much these were. were. were. 24 6x6 inch. 24 6x6 inch. 24 6x6 inch. It says they're stickers, but they're It says they're stickers, but they're It says they're stickers, but they're not. not. not. So, that's a lie. So, that's a lie. So, that's a lie. Snow scene stickers. It says they're Snow scene stickers. It says they're Snow scene stickers. It says they're stickers. They're not. stickers. They're not. stickers. They're not. Anyways, they were $4.32. Anyways, they were $4.32. Anyways, they were $4.32. So, they're kind of nice. I'm going to So, they're kind of nice. I'm going to So, they're kind of nice. I'm going to give this one a six just because they give this one a six just because they give this one a six just because they said they're stickers and they're not. said they're stickers and they're not. said they're stickers and they're not. So, that's kind of false. So, if you So, that's kind of false. So, if you So, that's kind of false. So, if you bought these planning on them being bought these planning on them being bought these planning on them being stickers, you'd be severely stickers, you'd be severely stickers, you'd be severely disappointed. Um, but they're they're disappointed. Um, but they're they're disappointed. Um, but they're they're okay. We'll give them a six. Nice little okay. We'll give them a six. Nice little okay. We'll give them a six. Nice little crafting supplies. Then we've got a big crafting supplies. Then we've got a big crafting supplies. Then we've got a big box. Oh, these are more candles. Did I box. Oh, these are more candles. Did I box. Oh, these are more candles. Did I order more candles? Oh, these are the order more candles? Oh, these are the order more candles? Oh, these are the pillar candles. Well, they're really pillar candles. Well, they're really pillar candles. Well, they're really skinny. skinny. skinny. But at least these ones come with not But at least these ones come with not But at least these ones come with not one remote, but two remotes. one remote, but two remotes. one remote, but two remotes. Hey, maybe this remote will work for the Hey, maybe this remote will work for the Hey, maybe this remote will work for the other thing. Why do I got two remotes? other thing. Why do I got two remotes? other thing. Why do I got two remotes? Wouldn't that be great if it worked for Wouldn't that be great if it worked for Wouldn't that be great if it worked for the other candles? the other candles? the other candles? Um, Um, Um, these take these take these take two AA batteries, two AA batteries, two AA batteries, which I'm out of AA batteries, but I'm which I'm out of AA batteries, but I'm which I'm out of AA batteries, but I'm going to have to go and take them out of going to have to go and take them out of going to have to go and take them out of the candles upstairs the candles upstairs the candles upstairs to test these out to test these out to test these out so that I can give my full and honest so that I can give my full and honest so that I can give my full and honest review. So, let's go do that. All right, review. So, let's go do that. All right, review. So, let's go do that. All right, guys. So, these ones have two covers guys. So, these ones have two covers guys. So, these ones have two covers inside. inside. inside. So, we're going to pop some batteries in So, we're going to pop some batteries in So, we're going to pop some batteries in here. If I can see which way they go. here. If I can see which way they go. here. If I can see which way they go. Try that. Try that. Try that. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, we've got that. And then we've got So, we've got that. And then we've got So, we've got that. And then we've got this cover that goes back in here. this cover that goes back in here. this cover that goes back in here. And there's a little offon switch And there's a little offon switch And there's a little offon switch underneath the candle, too. So, I've underneath the candle, too. So, I've underneath the candle, too. So, I've turned it on. And then you've got this turned it on. And then you've got this turned it on. And then you've got this cover that goes back on. That was really hard to get on. That was really hard to get on. That was really hard to get on. I don't think that's on right. I don't think that's on right. I don't think that's on right. Really hard to get on. Really hard to get on. Really hard to get on. It doesn't line up right. Come on. Okay. Anyways, Come on. Okay. Anyways, Come on. Okay. Anyways, so there's that. Now, let's see the so there's that. Now, let's see the so there's that. Now, let's see the remote. remote. remote. It's flickering. It's flickering. Okay. Remote works. Okay. Remote works. Okay. Remote works. 2 hour, 6 hour, 4 hour, 8 hour, light 2 hour, 6 hour, 4 hour, 8 hour, light 2 hour, 6 hour, 4 hour, 8 hour, light candle, candle, candle, and then there's dim settings. So, you and then there's dim settings. So, you and then there's dim settings. So, you can turn it down or you can turn it up. can turn it down or you can turn it up. can turn it down or you can turn it up. Hey, these are pretty cool. Not bad. Hey, these are pretty cool. Not bad. Hey, these are pretty cool. Not bad. And I've got three different sizes. I wish they were a little fatter, but um I wish they were a little fatter, but um I wish they were a little fatter, but um set them up and see. set them up and see. set them up and see. The one annoying thing about these is The one annoying thing about these is The one annoying thing about these is this bottom piece. Like, it's so tight this bottom piece. Like, it's so tight this bottom piece. Like, it's so tight and hard to get off and then to get back and hard to get off and then to get back and hard to get off and then to get back on. And I'm afraid the candles aren't on. And I'm afraid the candles aren't on. And I'm afraid the candles aren't going to sit flat if I don't get it going to sit flat if I don't get it going to sit flat if I don't get it perfectly lined up. perfectly lined up. perfectly lined up. I don't know why you need that, but I don't know why you need that, but I don't know why you need that, but safety feature, I guess. Maybe to safety feature, I guess. Maybe to safety feature, I guess. Maybe to protect the batteries. Oh, these bottoms. Ow. Oh, these bottoms. Ow. Oh, these bottoms. Ow. Like, Like, Like, I can't even get this one off. There. That one went off easy. There. That one went off easy. There. That one went off easy. Weird. Weird. Weird. Guys, I'm going to forget the bottoms. I Guys, I'm going to forget the bottoms. I Guys, I'm going to forget the bottoms. I don't care. They're annoying. don't care. They're annoying. don't care. They're annoying. Don't care. Don't care. Don't care. All right, guys. So, they do look pretty All right, guys. So, they do look pretty All right, guys. So, they do look pretty nice. I will give them that. And I do nice. I will give them that. And I do nice. I will give them that. And I do like that they didn't I could take the like that they didn't I could take the like that they didn't I could take the bottom off cuz I have this little brush bottom off cuz I have this little brush bottom off cuz I have this little brush dish that is made for a real candle. dish that is made for a real candle. dish that is made for a real candle. It's got that pointy thing and I can It's got that pointy thing and I can It's got that pointy thing and I can just put it over top and it stays. So just put it over top and it stays. So just put it over top and it stays. So that was nice. Um I like that there's a that was nice. Um I like that there's a that was nice. Um I like that there's a remote. So that's a oneup on the other remote. So that's a oneup on the other remote. So that's a oneup on the other candles. So I can turn them off and on. candles. So I can turn them off and on. candles. So I can turn them off and on. I can set them for a timer. I can dim I can set them for a timer. I can dim I can set them for a timer. I can dim them, make them brighter. They're pretty them, make them brighter. They're pretty them, make them brighter. They're pretty nice. I'll give them that. nice. I'll give them that. nice. I'll give them that. The only thing is though, when I turn The only thing is though, when I turn The only thing is though, when I turn these on, this remote also controls the these on, this remote also controls the these on, this remote also controls the candles from another set that I bought at T-Mu. from another set that I bought at T-Mu. from another set that I bought at T-Mu. So, I was like, when I turned these on So, I was like, when I turned these on So, I was like, when I turned these on and I was messing around, I was like, and I was messing around, I was like, and I was messing around, I was like, "How long have those candles been on? "How long have those candles been on? "How long have those candles been on? who turned those on and then I realized who turned those on and then I realized who turned those on and then I realized this remote was controlling all of them. this remote was controlling all of them. this remote was controlling all of them. So, watch. Let's see if I can get a So, watch. Let's see if I can get a So, watch. Let's see if I can get a shot. shot. shot. Don't mind the mess. I had my couches Don't mind the mess. I had my couches Don't mind the mess. I had my couches delivered and they weren't right. So, delivered and they weren't right. So, delivered and they weren't right. So, they got to go back. Let's see. Off. they got to go back. Let's see. Off. they got to go back. Let's see. Off. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, now I can control all the candles. So, now I can control all the candles. So, now I can control all the candles. If only I could control those candles. If only I could control those candles. If only I could control those candles. So, the pillar candles. Let's find them So, the pillar candles. Let's find them So, the pillar candles. Let's find them here and see the price. here and see the price. here and see the price. So, it's a 12-pack flameless LED candles So, it's a 12-pack flameless LED candles So, it's a 12-pack flameless LED candles with remote timer. with remote timer. with remote timer. Uh $25.49. So, they're less than the Uh $25.49. So, they're less than the Uh $25.49. So, they're less than the taper candles, and they come with a taper candles, and they come with a taper candles, and they come with a remote. remote. remote. I'm pretty impressed. I'll admit it. I I'm pretty impressed. I'll admit it. I I'm pretty impressed. I'll admit it. I like I said, I wish they were a little like I said, I wish they were a little like I said, I wish they were a little bit wider, but I'm going to give these a bit wider, but I'm going to give these a bit wider, but I'm going to give these a seven out of 10. And they could be a seven out of 10. And they could be a seven out of 10. And they could be a little bit more realistic looking. little bit more realistic looking. little bit more realistic looking. They're a little fake, but yeah, we'll They're a little fake, but yeah, we'll They're a little fake, but yeah, we'll give them a seven out of 10. Next up, I give them a seven out of 10. Next up, I give them a seven out of 10. Next up, I bought some wrapping paper. I love bought some wrapping paper. I love bought some wrapping paper. I love wrapping paper for crafting. It got a wrapping paper for crafting. It got a wrapping paper for crafting. It got a little damaged in shipping. Nutcracker little damaged in shipping. Nutcracker little damaged in shipping. Nutcracker pink um wrapping paper. I can use it for pink um wrapping paper. I can use it for pink um wrapping paper. I can use it for wrapping, but you can also use it for wrapping, but you can also use it for wrapping, but you can also use it for crafting. It's pretty nice. The faces crafting. It's pretty nice. The faces crafting. It's pretty nice. The faces are all nice. Sometimes you got to worry are all nice. Sometimes you got to worry are all nice. Sometimes you got to worry with this stuff if it's AI generated. with this stuff if it's AI generated. with this stuff if it's AI generated. The faces look weird. This is actually The faces look weird. This is actually The faces look weird. This is actually pretty nice wrapping paper. And it looks pretty nice wrapping paper. And it looks pretty nice wrapping paper. And it looks like there's quite a bit of it. So, like there's quite a bit of it. So, like there's quite a bit of it. So, let's see. It's not your typical size let's see. It's not your typical size let's see. It's not your typical size though in um in length. Like it's a lot though in um in length. Like it's a lot though in um in length. Like it's a lot shorter than regular wrapping paper. shorter than regular wrapping paper. shorter than regular wrapping paper. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. I paid $1055 I paid $1055 I paid $1055 for this. for this. for this. Why did I do that? Why did I do that? Why did I do that? What was I thinking? $10 What was I thinking? $10 What was I thinking? $10 almost $11 for this. I fig I must have almost $11 for this. I fig I must have almost $11 for this. I fig I must have had some kind of a craft in mind. I must had some kind of a craft in mind. I must had some kind of a craft in mind. I must have I don't know. It must have been have I don't know. It must have been have I don't know. It must have been impulse buy. I don't know. That was very impulse buy. I don't know. That was very impulse buy. I don't know. That was very weird. I don't I wouldn't say this is weird. I don't I wouldn't say this is weird. I don't I wouldn't say this is worth $10, worth $10, worth $10, man. I'm disappointed in myself. Very man. I'm disappointed in myself. Very man. I'm disappointed in myself. Very disappointed. disappointed. disappointed. Maybe I used a coupon or something. Maybe I used a coupon or something. Maybe I used a coupon or something. Anyways, Anyways, Anyways, because of the price, I'm going to give because of the price, I'm going to give because of the price, I'm going to give this a four out of 10. I do not think it this a four out of 10. I do not think it this a four out of 10. I do not think it is worth $10, but all right, we got some is worth $10, but all right, we got some is worth $10, but all right, we got some more ribbon. Again, sealed with the more ribbon. Again, sealed with the more ribbon. Again, sealed with the straight pins. Love it. Love it. Love straight pins. Love it. Love it. Love straight pins. Love it. Love it. Love it. Love it that they they pin these it. Love it that they they pin these it. Love it that they they pin these with the straight pins rather than with the straight pins rather than with the straight pins rather than taping them. Very nice crochet lace taping them. Very nice crochet lace taping them. Very nice crochet lace style ribbon. This is great for style ribbon. This is great for style ribbon. This is great for crafting, especially at Christmas and crafting, especially at Christmas and crafting, especially at Christmas and fall time. Can never have too much of fall time. Can never have too much of fall time. Can never have too much of this stuff. this stuff. this stuff. And I bought a variety pack with And I bought a variety pack with And I bought a variety pack with different styles and thicknesses. So, different styles and thicknesses. So, different styles and thicknesses. So, there's these two thicker ones. The there's these two thicker ones. The there's these two thicker ones. The thinner ones I'm just going to show you thinner ones I'm just going to show you thinner ones I'm just going to show you guys. Very, very nice ribbon. Very, very guys. Very, very nice ribbon. Very, very guys. Very, very nice ribbon. Very, very nice. nice. nice. Wish it was on a spool, but that's okay. Wish it was on a spool, but that's okay. Wish it was on a spool, but that's okay. So, the crochet ribbon was $1521 and there is 25 yards total. So, 5 yards and there is 25 yards total. So, 5 yards and there is 25 yards total. So, 5 yards in each, which is pretty good. If you in each, which is pretty good. If you in each, which is pretty good. If you had to go into a craft store and buy had to go into a craft store and buy had to go into a craft store and buy this stuff, it would be a lot more than this stuff, it would be a lot more than this stuff, it would be a lot more than that. So, that. So, that. So, and the quality is good. So, I'm going and the quality is good. So, I'm going and the quality is good. So, I'm going to give that a 9 out of 10. to give that a 9 out of 10. to give that a 9 out of 10. No, I'm going to give that a 10 out of No, I'm going to give that a 10 out of No, I'm going to give that a 10 out of 10. No, I'm going to give it a 9 out of 10. No, I'm going to give it a 9 out of 10. No, I'm going to give it a 9 out of 10 because I wish it was on a spool. 10 because I wish it was on a spool. 10 because I wish it was on a spool. There. Done. Okay, look at this. There. Done. Okay, look at this. There. Done. Okay, look at this. So, this caught my eye. These are pages. So, this caught my eye. These are pages. So, this caught my eye. These are pages. Like, they look like they're from a Like, they look like they're from a Like, they look like they're from a book. So, we've got some that look like book. So, we've got some that look like book. So, we've got some that look like they're from a newspaper. I always they're from a newspaper. I always they're from a newspaper. I always wonder what these things actually say. wonder what these things actually say. wonder what these things actually say. If they're actually taken from an old If they're actually taken from an old If they're actually taken from an old newspaper. This says Friday, December newspaper. This says Friday, December newspaper. This says Friday, December the 18th, 1863. That's good for the 18th, 1863. That's good for the 18th, 1863. That's good for Christmas crafting. This is the bacon Christmas crafting. This is the bacon Christmas crafting. This is the bacon for breakfast. for breakfast. for breakfast. Anyways, okay. And then these look like Anyways, okay. And then these look like Anyways, okay. And then these look like they're from a dictionary. Some map they're from a dictionary. Some map they're from a dictionary. Some map paper. This looks like an old ledger. paper. This looks like an old ledger. paper. This looks like an old ledger. Very nice looking. Very legit looking. Very nice looking. Very legit looking. Very nice looking. Very legit looking. And it's they're not very blurry. Like And it's they're not very blurry. Like And it's they're not very blurry. Like they're not they're not blurry. They're they're not they're not blurry. They're they're not they're not blurry. They're very crisp and very clear. This looks very crisp and very clear. This looks very crisp and very clear. This looks like it's from like an old math like it's from like an old math like it's from like an old math textbook. And then my favorite little textbook. And then my favorite little textbook. And then my favorite little music notes, gardening little gardening music notes, gardening little gardening music notes, gardening little gardening pages with all kinds of botanicals. So, pages with all kinds of botanicals. So, pages with all kinds of botanicals. So, these are just this is just for like not these are just this is just for like not these are just this is just for like not specifically for Christmas crafting per specifically for Christmas crafting per specifically for Christmas crafting per se, but I just love having different se, but I just love having different se, but I just love having different types of papers. And let's see how much types of papers. And let's see how much types of papers. And let's see how much this was. 240 pieces of vintage this was. 240 pieces of vintage this was. 240 pieces of vintage scrapbooking paper, newspaper, magazine, scrapbooking paper, newspaper, magazine, scrapbooking paper, newspaper, magazine, botanical for $2153. botanical for $2153. botanical for $2153. I think that is a good price for I think that is a good price for I think that is a good price for scrapbooking paper cuz scrapbooking scrapbooking paper cuz scrapbooking scrapbooking paper cuz scrapbooking paper is really expensive. They're not a paper is really expensive. They're not a paper is really expensive. They're not a big size by any means, but I think big size by any means, but I think big size by any means, but I think they're perfect for crafting. I'm going they're perfect for crafting. I'm going they're perfect for crafting. I'm going to give this an eight out of 10. to give this an eight out of 10. to give this an eight out of 10. Here we have some more stickers. The Here we have some more stickers. The Here we have some more stickers. The stickers on team really get me, you stickers on team really get me, you stickers on team really get me, you guys. I just I don't know why. I just guys. I just I don't know why. I just guys. I just I don't know why. I just love them. Ah, love them. Ah, love them. Ah, not going to lie, a little disappointed not going to lie, a little disappointed not going to lie, a little disappointed with these ones. with these ones. with these ones. Look at how small they are. They're so Look at how small they are. They're so Look at how small they are. They're so tiny. Like, look at this little beep. Like, it's so tiny. Look at this one. Like I suppose if you were scrapbooking, Like I suppose if you were scrapbooking, Like I suppose if you were scrapbooking, these would be perfect. I don't these would be perfect. I don't these would be perfect. I don't scrapbook. I craft. But maybe they'll be scrapbook. I craft. But maybe they'll be scrapbook. I craft. But maybe they'll be good for like a little thing. Like this good for like a little thing. Like this good for like a little thing. Like this could this could make like a cute super could this could make like a cute super could this could make like a cute super cute little banner if I was doing cute little banner if I was doing cute little banner if I was doing something like a little miniature or something like a little miniature or something like a little miniature or something. Like I know I will put these something. Like I know I will put these something. Like I know I will put these to use. I'm just a little disappointed to use. I'm just a little disappointed to use. I'm just a little disappointed with the size. Oh, and here's my with the size. Oh, and here's my with the size. Oh, and here's my favorite. favorite. favorite. Has to be Holly Jolly cuz that's my Has to be Holly Jolly cuz that's my Has to be Holly Jolly cuz that's my name. Yeah. Christmas stickers, cartoon name. Yeah. Christmas stickers, cartoon name. Yeah. Christmas stickers, cartoon themed, self adhesive, 100 pieces, themed, self adhesive, 100 pieces, themed, self adhesive, 100 pieces, $6. Okay, this is like this is the $6. Okay, this is like this is the $6. Okay, this is like this is the picture, you guys. I don't know if you picture, you guys. I don't know if you picture, you guys. I don't know if you can see that. I'm I'm going to put the can see that. I'm I'm going to put the can see that. I'm I'm going to put the actual picture on here rather than show actual picture on here rather than show actual picture on here rather than show you. I'll flash it up here. They look you. I'll flash it up here. They look you. I'll flash it up here. They look really big, you know, like they look really big, you know, like they look really big, you know, like they look bigger than what they actually are. So, bigger than what they actually are. So, bigger than what they actually are. So, I'm a little disappointed in the size, I'm a little disappointed in the size, I'm a little disappointed in the size, but they're still cute. But because of but they're still cute. But because of but they're still cute. But because of the size, I'm going to give that a five the size, I'm going to give that a five the size, I'm going to give that a five out of 10. out of 10. out of 10. And more paper. Apparently, I was in a And more paper. Apparently, I was in a And more paper. Apparently, I was in a paper mood, you guys. But like I said, I paper mood, you guys. But like I said, I paper mood, you guys. But like I said, I lost all my craft supplies. I lost all lost all my craft supplies. I lost all lost all my craft supplies. I lost all of them. These ones are cute. These ones of them. These ones are cute. These ones of them. These ones are cute. These ones are super cute. Little vintage are super cute. Little vintage are super cute. Little vintage wallpapers. wallpapers. wallpapers. Oh, these are cute. Yeah. Come on. Oh, these are cute. Yeah. Come on. Oh, these are cute. Yeah. Come on. Super super cute. Really happy with Super super cute. Really happy with Super super cute. Really happy with these. I love this one. This little these. I love this one. This little these. I love this one. This little winter scene. So nice. winter scene. So nice. winter scene. So nice. Maybe I'm going to become a scrapbooker. Maybe I'm going to become a scrapbooker. Maybe I'm going to become a scrapbooker. scrapbooker, you guys. Okay, let's see scrapbooker, you guys. Okay, let's see scrapbooker, you guys. Okay, let's see here. Let's see. Okay, so that was this here. Let's see. Okay, so that was this here. Let's see. Okay, so that was this one. 24 sheets of Christmas scrapbooking one. 24 sheets of Christmas scrapbooking one. 24 sheets of Christmas scrapbooking paper, uh 6x6. So, when you're shopping paper, uh 6x6. So, when you're shopping paper, uh 6x6. So, when you're shopping on Teimu, you really got to pay on Teimu, you really got to pay on Teimu, you really got to pay attention to the sizes because when they attention to the sizes because when they attention to the sizes because when they show you the picture, this looks like show you the picture, this looks like show you the picture, this looks like one of those big packs like you would one of those big packs like you would one of those big packs like you would get at Michaels, you know, but it's not. get at Michaels, you know, but it's not. get at Michaels, you know, but it's not. They're 6x6, so you always got to check They're 6x6, so you always got to check They're 6x6, so you always got to check the size. But this was only $5.26. I'm the size. But this was only $5.26. I'm the size. But this was only $5.26. I'm pretty happy with that. I'm going to pretty happy with that. I'm going to pretty happy with that. I'm going to give that a give that a give that a eight out of 10. eight out of 10. eight out of 10. All right. Now, we've got these. What is All right. Now, we've got these. What is All right. Now, we've got these. What is this? What did I buy? Vintage time and this? What did I buy? Vintage time and this? What did I buy? Vintage time and paper tape. What did I think I was going paper tape. What did I think I was going paper tape. What did I think I was going to do with this? I don't scrapbook. Why to do with this? I don't scrapbook. Why to do with this? I don't scrapbook. Why did I buy all this stuff? It is nice did I buy all this stuff? It is nice did I buy all this stuff? It is nice though. though. though. Like, I think I was just thinking I Like, I think I was just thinking I Like, I think I was just thinking I really want to get it. My mom makes really want to get it. My mom makes really want to get it. My mom makes primitives and I really want to start primitives and I really want to start primitives and I really want to start doing more primitive rustic stuff. So, doing more primitive rustic stuff. So, doing more primitive rustic stuff. So, maybe that's what I was thinking here. maybe that's what I was thinking here. maybe that's what I was thinking here. So, it's like a tape, right? A thick So, it's like a tape, right? A thick So, it's like a tape, right? A thick tape. Um, a wide tape that you can use tape. Um, a wide tape that you can use tape. Um, a wide tape that you can use on I really like this one with the old on I really like this one with the old on I really like this one with the old post stuff. So, let's see what I did post stuff. So, let's see what I did post stuff. So, let's see what I did with that. What's the price there? So, with that. What's the price there? So, with that. What's the price there? So, the rolls of inched tape. Well, they the rolls of inched tape. Well, they the rolls of inched tape. Well, they call it washi tape online. 735 for this. call it washi tape online. 735 for this. call it washi tape online. 735 for this. Yeah, I suppose that's all right. Four Yeah, I suppose that's all right. Four Yeah, I suppose that's all right. Four rolls vintage. Uh, seven out of 10. Only rolls vintage. Uh, seven out of 10. Only rolls vintage. Uh, seven out of 10. Only because I don't know why I bought that. because I don't know why I bought that. because I don't know why I bought that. No, I'm just kidding. It's pretty good. No, I'm just kidding. It's pretty good. No, I'm just kidding. It's pretty good. We'll give it an eight out of 10. Okay. We'll give it an eight out of 10. Okay. We'll give it an eight out of 10. Okay. And then these I bought before too last And then these I bought before too last And then these I bought before too last year. And again, like I said with the year. And again, like I said with the year. And again, like I said with the rustic stars, I love these. These are rustic stars, I love these. These are rustic stars, I love these. These are little rustic Christmas trees that you little rustic Christmas trees that you little rustic Christmas trees that you can hang on things and use for all your can hang on things and use for all your can hang on things and use for all your primitive rustic Christmas crafting. primitive rustic Christmas crafting. primitive rustic Christmas crafting. Love them. This is a 10 piece pack. 10 Love them. This is a 10 piece pack. 10 Love them. This is a 10 piece pack. 10 pieces for $4.15. pieces for $4.15. pieces for $4.15. Those are a little more, but I craft Those are a little more, but I craft Those are a little more, but I craft with these and I use them and I love with these and I use them and I love with these and I use them and I love them. That's a 10 out of 10. Okay. What is this? Okay. I feel like Okay. What is this? Okay. I feel like Okay. What is this? Okay. I feel like this is going to be a disappointment this is going to be a disappointment this is going to be a disappointment greatly. What is this greatly. What is this greatly. What is this wrinkly old velvet ribbon? I hope I did wrinkly old velvet ribbon? I hope I did wrinkly old velvet ribbon? I hope I did not pay more than a dollar for this. not pay more than a dollar for this. not pay more than a dollar for this. That's got to be a mistake. Please be a That's got to be a mistake. Please be a That's got to be a mistake. Please be a mistake. No. Come on. I paid $253 mistake. No. Come on. I paid $253 mistake. No. Come on. I paid $253 for that. Come on. like Come on. like Come on. like one piece of velvet ribbon. one piece of velvet ribbon. one piece of velvet ribbon. I guess I can make one bow. I guess I can make one bow. I guess I can make one bow. What? And you know what's annoying? I'll What? And you know what's annoying? I'll What? And you know what's annoying? I'll show the picture, you guys. They have it show the picture, you guys. They have it show the picture, you guys. They have it presented like it's a nice roll. Like, presented like it's a nice roll. Like, presented like it's a nice roll. Like, come on. I mean, I guess it does say one come on. I mean, I guess it does say one come on. I mean, I guess it does say one and a half yards, but like you're and a half yards, but like you're and a half yards, but like you're telling me that's that's that's the telling me that's that's that's the telling me that's that's that's the length of a yard stick. This is not one length of a yard stick. This is not one length of a yard stick. This is not one and a half yards. and a half yards. and a half yards. Anyways, boo on that. That gets a one Anyways, boo on that. That gets a one Anyways, boo on that. That gets a one out of 10. And I give that a zero out of out of 10. And I give that a zero out of out of 10. And I give that a zero out of 10. 10. 10. More stickers. But they're cute. I'll More stickers. But they're cute. I'll More stickers. But they're cute. I'll give them that. They're cute. The nice give them that. They're cute. The nice give them that. They're cute. The nice books with the bells. And I figure I'm books with the bells. And I figure I'm books with the bells. And I figure I'm going to be using these for some sort of going to be using these for some sort of going to be using these for some sort of Christmas crafting. Christmas crafting. Christmas crafting. This one's cute. You never know. Okay, This one's cute. You never know. Okay, This one's cute. You never know. Okay, the stickers. Like I said, the stickers the stickers. Like I said, the stickers the stickers. Like I said, the stickers get me. But let's see how much they get me. But let's see how much they get me. But let's see how much they were. I feel like I've missed something were. I feel like I've missed something were. I feel like I've missed something here in my something in my order is here in my something in my order is here in my something in my order is missing. Yes. missing. Yes. missing. Yes. Or maybe it's over there. Or maybe it's over there. Or maybe it's over there. Oh, yeah. There were two there were two Oh, yeah. There were two there were two Oh, yeah. There were two there were two things I took out of the bag beforehand. things I took out of the bag beforehand. things I took out of the bag beforehand. They're not missing. They're over there. They're not missing. They're over there. They're not missing. They're over there. Sorry. Let me get to these stickers. I'm Sorry. Let me get to these stickers. I'm Sorry. Let me get to these stickers. I'm getting off track here. $155 for 50 getting off track here. $155 for 50 getting off track here. $155 for 50 stickers. That's good. I'll give that a stickers. That's good. I'll give that a stickers. That's good. I'll give that a nine out of 10. Okay, let me find Let me nine out of 10. Okay, let me find Let me nine out of 10. Okay, let me find Let me get this thing because I took it out get this thing because I took it out get this thing because I took it out beforehand. So, this is supposed to be a beforehand. So, this is supposed to be a beforehand. So, this is supposed to be a tree. I'm going to flash up the picture tree. I'm going to flash up the picture tree. I'm going to flash up the picture of what I thought. of what I thought. of what I thought. No way. No way. No way. No way. No. This is not a tree. This is No way. No. This is not a tree. This is No way. No. This is not a tree. This is a bushel. Like, a bushel. Like, a bushel. Like, this is supposed to be a tree. Okay. this is supposed to be a tree. Okay. this is supposed to be a tree. Okay. This is supposed to be that tree. It has This is supposed to be that tree. It has This is supposed to be that tree. It has to be. There's a there's supposed to be to be. There's a there's supposed to be to be. There's a there's supposed to be a lighted garland that I haven't seen. a lighted garland that I haven't seen. a lighted garland that I haven't seen. Oh, it does say without basin. Oh, it does say without basin. Oh, it does say without basin. No way. Okay, this is not. And then the No way. Okay, this is not. And then the No way. Okay, this is not. And then the comments are like, "Love it. It's great comments are like, "Love it. It's great comments are like, "Love it. It's great for my winter pots and it looks quite for my winter pots and it looks quite for my winter pots and it looks quite real." Oh, somebody did comment. Not real." Oh, somebody did comment. Not real." Oh, somebody did comment. Not what the picture shows. No, absolutely what the picture shows. No, absolutely what the picture shows. No, absolutely not. Look at this picture that somebody not. Look at this picture that somebody not. Look at this picture that somebody posted or they posted. Get real. Get posted or they posted. Get real. Get posted or they posted. Get real. Get real right now. Okay, look at this. I real right now. Okay, look at this. I real right now. Okay, look at this. I got to pull the camera up. See if we can got to pull the camera up. See if we can got to pull the camera up. See if we can make any any sense of this at all. So, make any any sense of this at all. So, make any any sense of this at all. So, this is the tree, you guys. This tree is this is the tree, you guys. This tree is this is the tree, you guys. This tree is this tree. this tree. this tree. Don't think so. And no. Okay. So, if we Don't think so. And no. Okay. So, if we Don't think so. And no. Okay. So, if we pull if we start at the bottom and we pull if we start at the bottom and we pull if we start at the bottom and we pull the branches down, maybe I'll be pull the branches down, maybe I'll be pull the branches down, maybe I'll be pleasantly surprised. Let's keep an open pleasantly surprised. Let's keep an open pleasantly surprised. Let's keep an open mind here. mind here. mind here. Okay. What in the world? Okay. What in the world? Okay. What in the world? Like, it it's not even going to go that Like, it it's not even going to go that Like, it it's not even going to go that way because there's nothing on this way because there's nothing on this way because there's nothing on this side. It's flat. side. It's flat. side. It's flat. Or do you have to work it yourself? Like Or do you have to work it yourself? Like Or do you have to work it yourself? Like what in the world? These ones don't even what in the world? These ones don't even what in the world? These ones don't even bend. Oh, there we go. bend. Oh, there we go. bend. Oh, there we go. Let's not be negative right off the Let's not be negative right off the Let's not be negative right off the start. Holy. Let's just give it a try. start. Holy. Let's just give it a try. start. Holy. Let's just give it a try. Okay, you guys. Like Charlie Brown's Okay, you guys. Like Charlie Brown's Okay, you guys. Like Charlie Brown's Christmas tree looks better than this. Christmas tree looks better than this. Christmas tree looks better than this. Let me try to fluff this out. Let me try to fluff this out. Let me try to fluff this out. Okay. Is that the top? Is that the top? Okay. Is that the top? Is that the top? Okay. Is that the top? Is that the top? Is that the top? I don't know. Is that the top? I don't know. Is that the top? I don't know. Okay. Okay, here's our tree, guys. here's our tree, guys. here's our tree, guys. What do you guys think? What do you guys think? What do you guys think? Okay, like disappointed. Okay, like disappointed. Okay, like disappointed. Disappointed. I'm going to see how much I paid for I'm going to see how much I paid for I'm going to see how much I paid for this and then that'll be the deciding this and then that'll be the deciding this and then that'll be the deciding factor if I send it back cuz sending it factor if I send it back cuz sending it factor if I send it back cuz sending it back would be a lot of work, I think. back would be a lot of work, I think. back would be a lot of work, I think. But like But like But like I could use the branches for other I could use the branches for other I could use the branches for other things. Like I could take it apart and things. Like I could take it apart and things. Like I could take it apart and use the branches for other things. Like use the branches for other things. Like use the branches for other things. Like I will not let it go to waste. Trust me I will not let it go to waste. Trust me I will not let it go to waste. Trust me on that. But maybe if I put it in a pot, on that. But maybe if I put it in a pot, on that. But maybe if I put it in a pot, maybe we can make something out of it. maybe we can make something out of it. maybe we can make something out of it. Maybe I shouldn't be so negative. Maybe Maybe I shouldn't be so negative. Maybe Maybe I shouldn't be so negative. Maybe we can make like our own little Charlie we can make like our own little Charlie we can make like our own little Charlie Brown Christmas tree looking thing. Brown Christmas tree looking thing. Brown Christmas tree looking thing. Maybe I could put some of the vintage Maybe I could put some of the vintage Maybe I could put some of the vintage stuff with it. Like And the But the stuff with it. Like And the But the stuff with it. Like And the But the pieces are already starting to fall out. pieces are already starting to fall out. pieces are already starting to fall out. Okay, let's see. Let's see how much we Okay, let's see. Let's see how much we Okay, let's see. Let's see how much we paid for this. I paid $15 for this. So, paid for this. I paid $15 for this. So, paid for this. I paid $15 for this. So, am I okay? They say it's regularly $43. am I okay? They say it's regularly $43. am I okay? They say it's regularly $43. If I paid $43 for this, somebody would If I paid $43 for this, somebody would If I paid $43 for this, somebody would be getting something. Okay. be getting something. Okay. be getting something. Okay. They say it's 23.62 in. I'll be the They say it's 23.62 in. I'll be the They say it's 23.62 in. I'll be the judge of that. judge of that. judge of that. Let's see here. Okay. It's 23.62 62 in. Let's see here. Okay. It's 23.62 62 in. Let's see here. Okay. It's 23.62 62 in. We'll calm down. Okay. They've sold 664 We'll calm down. Okay. They've sold 664 We'll calm down. Okay. They've sold 664 of these. No doubt. Because this is what of these. No doubt. Because this is what of these. No doubt. Because this is what the picture looks like. the picture looks like. the picture looks like. Does that look like that? It's so full. It's so full. It's so full. And not to mention the the stem in the And not to mention the the stem in the And not to mention the the stem in the middle looks so realistic. middle looks so realistic. middle looks so realistic. I I'm going to think on that if I'm I I'm going to think on that if I'm I I'm going to think on that if I'm going to bother with the return. I'm going to bother with the return. I'm going to bother with the return. I'm probably not because it was only $15 and probably not because it was only $15 and probably not because it was only $15 and I will use the greenery. If I don't I will use the greenery. If I don't I will use the greenery. If I don't think of something else to make with it think of something else to make with it think of something else to make with it first or to even try to actually make it first or to even try to actually make it first or to even try to actually make it look good, I am definitely giving that a look good, I am definitely giving that a look good, I am definitely giving that a one. That gets a one out of 10. 100% a one. That gets a one out of 10. 100% a one. That gets a one out of 10. 100% a one. That is not what it says at all. one. That is not what it says at all. one. That is not what it says at all. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now, my lighted garland. So, before I Now, my lighted garland. So, before I Now, my lighted garland. So, before I open this, I'm going to show you guys open this, I'm going to show you guys open this, I'm going to show you guys the picture. All right, I'm going to put the picture. All right, I'm going to put the picture. All right, I'm going to put the picture up here. This lighted the picture up here. This lighted the picture up here. This lighted garland is 6 feet realistic pre-lit garland is 6 feet realistic pre-lit garland is 6 feet realistic pre-lit Norfolk pine. $14.96. Norfolk pine. $14.96. Norfolk pine. $14.96. So, we only paid $14 for it. So, keep So, we only paid $14 for it. So, keep So, we only paid $14 for it. So, keep that in mind, folks. It is very plastic. that in mind, folks. It is very plastic. that in mind, folks. It is very plastic. Like very plastic. Does not smell nice. Like very plastic. Does not smell nice. Like very plastic. Does not smell nice. Very, very plastic. It's six feet, but Very, very plastic. It's six feet, but Very, very plastic. It's six feet, but it's not very full. it's not very full. it's not very full. And not only is it not very full, they give you the lights in a little they give you the lights in a little they give you the lights in a little bag. You got to put them on yourself. bag. You got to put them on yourself. bag. You got to put them on yourself. So, it is not pre-lit because the lights So, it is not pre-lit because the lights So, it is not pre-lit because the lights come in a bag. come in a bag. come in a bag. Like, that is not pre-lit. I'm going to Like, that is not pre-lit. I'm going to Like, that is not pre-lit. I'm going to have to work these around there. I'm have to work these around there. I'm have to work these around there. I'm trying not to be negative, but that's trying not to be negative, but that's trying not to be negative, but that's really annoying. Like, and I get it's really annoying. Like, and I get it's really annoying. Like, and I get it's only $14, but it's not pre-lit because only $14, but it's not pre-lit because only $14, but it's not pre-lit because the lights are not on it. You know how the lights are not on it. You know how the lights are not on it. You know how hard it is to hide lights and things. hard it is to hide lights and things. hard it is to hide lights and things. Yeah. Disappointed in this one as well. Yeah. Disappointed in this one as well. Yeah. Disappointed in this one as well. This one gets a two. This one gets a two. This one gets a two. Um, it is not realistic. It is plastic. Um, it is not realistic. It is plastic. Um, it is not realistic. It is plastic. I would not recommend that garland. I I would not recommend that garland. I I would not recommend that garland. I mean, maybe if you want a garland for a mean, maybe if you want a garland for a mean, maybe if you want a garland for a good price, like if you want just a good price, like if you want just a good price, like if you want just a garland, like for a price, it's garland, like for a price, it's garland, like for a price, it's certainly better than anything you'd see certainly better than anything you'd see certainly better than anything you'd see in the dollar store. Actually, no, in the dollar store. Actually, no, in the dollar store. Actually, no, that's not true because I've seen some that's not true because I've seen some that's not true because I've seen some really nice garlands in the dollar really nice garlands in the dollar really nice garlands in the dollar store. So, that's not even true. Um, but store. So, that's not even true. Um, but store. So, that's not even true. Um, but yeah, it gets a two. It gets a two. It yeah, it gets a two. It gets a two. It yeah, it gets a two. It gets a two. It did come with the lights, I suppose. So, did come with the lights, I suppose. So, did come with the lights, I suppose. So, it gets a pass there. it gets a pass there. it gets a pass there. But anyways, you guys, that's my haul. But anyways, you guys, that's my haul. But anyways, you guys, that's my haul. Let me know what you think. What are Let me know what you think. What are Let me know what you think. What are your thoughts on these Teemo Teu, sorry, your thoughts on these Teemo Teu, sorry, your thoughts on these Teemo Teu, sorry, products? Let me know. Put it in the products? Let me know. Put it in the products? Let me know. Put it in the comments below. If you would like to see comments below. If you would like to see comments below. If you would like to see more videos like this, I would love to more videos like this, I would love to more videos like this, I would love to share them with you. Let me know your share them with you. Let me know your share them with you. Let me know your thoughts and um if it shakes it up a thoughts and um if it shakes it up a thoughts and um if it shakes it up a little bit between the crafting and if little bit between the crafting and if little bit between the crafting and if you like this style of content, let me you like this style of content, let me you like this style of content, let me know. I love ordering stuff and testing know. I love ordering stuff and testing know. I love ordering stuff and testing it out before I post about it. I don't it out before I post about it. I don't it out before I post about it. I don't like just posting about things that I like just posting about things that I like just posting about things that I haven't seen or touched or felt or used haven't seen or touched or felt or used haven't seen or touched or felt or used myself because I like to keep things myself because I like to keep things myself because I like to keep things really honest here with you guys. So, really honest here with you guys. So, really honest here with you guys. So, let me know in the comments. Thank you let me know in the comments. Thank you let me know in the comments. Thank you so much for tuning into this video. I am so much for tuning into this video. I am so much for tuning into this video. I am going to get crafting right now. I've going to get crafting right now. I've going to get crafting right now. I've already started building up my craft already started building up my craft already started building up my craft tools and my craft supplies and it is tools and my craft supplies and it is tools and my craft supplies and it is time to do a little fall crafting today. time to do a little fall crafting today. time to do a little fall crafting today. So, I'm going to move right on from this So, I'm going to move right on from this So, I'm going to move right on from this and start my fall crafting and there'll and start my fall crafting and there'll and start my fall crafting and there'll be a video coming real soon on a fall be a video coming real soon on a fall be a video coming real soon on a fall Dollar Tree crafting roundup. So, stay Dollar Tree crafting roundup. So, stay Dollar Tree crafting roundup. So, stay tuned for that. Hit the like and tuned for that. Hit the like and tuned for that. Hit the like and subscribe if you want to see more subscribe if you want to see more subscribe if you want to see more content from me. And until next time, content from me. And until next time, content from me. And until next time, we'll see you later, guys. Heat.