They ended up going to see a ghost movie They ended up going to see a ghost movie They ended up going to see a ghost movie . . I just watched the Hollywood film Insidious Out of Borderlands, which is currently running in theaters with Tamil dubbing.   Please I just watched the Hollywood film Insidious Out of Borderlands, which is currently running in theaters with Tamil dubbing.   Please subscribe to the channel before going into the video.  I subscribe to the channel before going into the video.  I subscribe to the channel before going into the video.  I liked this picture. liked this picture. liked this picture. The film runs on the usual Insidious Door concept The film runs on the usual Insidious Door concept The film runs on the usual Insidious Door concept .  But this time, it was a little .  But this time, it was a little .  But this time, it was a little different, different, different, like demons were coming to the real world.   There aren't like demons were coming to the real world.   There aren't like demons were coming to the real world.   There aren't many adult scenes in the film many adult scenes in the film many adult scenes in the film .  But if you .  But if you .  But if you buy snacks and go there thinking you can eat something, you wo buy snacks and go there thinking you can eat something, you wo n't be able to sit down and eat.  There n't be able to sit down and eat.  There n't be able to sit down and eat.  There are so many disgusting scenes in the film. are so many disgusting scenes in the film. are so many disgusting scenes in the film. Insidious fans, horror fans, will Insidious fans, horror fans, will Insidious fans, horror fans, will definitely like this movie. definitely like this movie. definitely like this movie. Especially in the climax, they ended everything Especially in the climax, they ended everything Especially in the climax, they ended everything well with a twist well with a twist well with a twist .  A decent horror .  A decent horror .  A decent horror movie is the only one you can try in the theater. movie is the only one you can try in the theater. movie is the only one you can try in the theater. Those who have seen the film, please Those who have seen the film, please Those who have seen the film, please leave your thoughts in the comments on how you liked the film.  Boy