After so much hard work and moving in, let's After so much hard work and moving in, let's After so much hard work and moving in, let's make my final year hostel room go from this make my final year hostel room go from this make my final year hostel room go from this to this because if you think it to this because if you think it to this because if you think it is still dirty then I can assure you that it is is still dirty then I can assure you that it is is still dirty then I can assure you that it is much cleaner than before.  Hello which is I much cleaner than before.  Hello which is I much cleaner than before.  Hello which is I nice.  My room may be messy but never nice.  My room may be messy but never nice.  My room may be messy but never dirty.  So as soon as you enter the room, first dirty.  So as soon as you enter the room, first dirty.  So as soon as you enter the room, first clean every surface with Rhino Colon.  After clean every surface with Rhino Colon.  After clean every surface with Rhino Colon.  After testing it a little, I got so tired that I had to testing it a little, I got so tired that I had to testing it a little, I got so tired that I had to take a break.  And then taken app. take a break.  And then taken app. take a break.  And then taken app. Then next day I was ready to let my Then next day I was ready to let my Then next day I was ready to let my friends help me arrange my room.  And friends help me arrange my room.  And friends help me arrange my room.  And God blessed them.  Because now I was God blessed them.  Because now I was God blessed them.  Because now I was not living with suitcases and carts but actually living not living with suitcases and carts but actually living not living with suitcases and carts but actually living with my children.  But you want to talk about what's behind with my children.  But you want to talk about what's behind with my children.  But you want to talk about what's behind the curtain.  Ok, bye.   Come back tomorrow. the curtain.  Ok, bye.   Come back tomorrow.